Email Marketing The Fun Way - Lesson 2
Date: 2022-12-09T17:09:08.000Z
Duration: 42 min
Otter ID: P6-2-7GMxjMaYi4fsSfdfdDjUN8
---

[0:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, everybody. Welcome to lesson number two of email marketing the fun way. And I'm excited to help you today to come up with some strategies to get some emails going for you. So obviously, we talked about the swipe file, we talked about that, but how do you come up with like, ideas for what to send people in an email, I think you really got to think about you yourself, a big part of it is what emails get opened by you. That's one of the first things. That's why one of the biggest skills the most coaches, of course creators, you absolutely need to be able to write good emails you absolutely need to be able to connect with people is empathy, you need to be able to understand what people are going through what they're feeling. And when you send an email to somebody, you want to send what you would also like receiving if you are that person. Now, the flip side of this is I see a lot of people take this to the extreme, and they don't send emails out. Because there's somebody who doesn't like receiving a lot of emails, you need to be sending at least one email a day to your list. If you're not, you're not utilizing that list. Well, you're it's like, it's like having a million dollars in the bank. And you're only investing like 50,000 of it, because you're afraid of losing all this millions of dollars. And there's some of you that have that mentality. There's some of you who have that mentality that if you had a billion dollars in the bank, you would just hoard it, hold on to it and never use it. It's called a poverty mindset. You want to have an abundance mindset with your email list, that there's always enough people, for you to get more of, and that you actually want people to unsubscribe from your list, that by them unsubscribing, they've done you a favor, okay. And that your list is there as an asset to help you grow your business. Now, you're not just going to be spamming your list, you want to send value to people, and that's the big part of it is, again, we will usually say not really at 20. But what I usually do is more of like a 6040. But, but every email has value, okay? Now, about about 60% of our emails are gonna have a call to action. Um, you can even go as high as 80% of your emails having a call to action, we used to teach us a little bit differently, where we would say only have a call to action and 20% of your emails. And honestly, that's just not a, it's not smart anymore in the email space. You can integrate your call to action with valuable messaging, okay. Now, what we do though, is our emails very rarely are actually selling something. So that's something to keep in mind. We very rarely send sales emails asking people to buy to buy something from us. Usually there's a call to action, we're directing people that are on our list. To register for another offer that we have now can be a free offer. But we're still going to ask them to register for it, we're still going to ask them to give us their name and email address for it. I move my microphone over here. So you can hear me when I turn my head. So when we talked about a call to action, we're not just talking about you telling people to buy something from you. We're talking about you telling people to register to sign up. And so what we'll do is we might run a free event, alive of event or have an ebook, or have a masterclass that got people to sign up for your email list. Okay, so they might sign up for some kind of a value right here. Literally, every single course that we teach goes over how to actually get people on your email list. I'm not going to cover in this course. How to actually get people on your list, because this is about like, what do you actually send them once you're on there, once they're on your list? How do you actually utilize email to build trust with people? Okay, so if you want to know how do I get people on my list, and you're watching this training, and maybe this is the first one that you came into, don't be disappointed. Don't be frustrated. Because I've seen people do that. They're like, well, Jeremiah didn't teach it in this course. I'm not gonna go through any of the other courses that he did, because I wanted it in that cord. Well, no, okay. Don't do that. But if you go to the members area. As part of the client growth accelerator, there's a number of courses pretty much this whole program is built around getting people on your email list. So I've never taught what do you actually send once they're on the list? So Facebook ads is gonna teach you how to get people on your list with Facebook ads, how to write copy to get people on your ads, how to run tick tock ads to get people on your list. How to build a funnel to get them on your list virtual events to get them on your list. Running social media ads, creating a website to get them on your list. irresistible offers that get them on your list, launching your offer social media content that will eventually get people to go on your list. Okay, so you got to see here, with the exception of easy course creation, blueprint and transformational coaching, all of the lessons all the training in the members area, all that we really coach you on is based around that whole core process and we go down to six steps. Step number one, you find your niche. Okay, step number two, you write copy, you actually create an offer. You write offer, copy step three, you build the funnel, you build out the landing pages, set for you promote it. So understand nobody's on your email list to even start promoting it. Nobody's even here. Now we're going to look at okay, step five, you analyze. And you repeat. This is where you're actually sending emails to people. And then you're going to actually send your future offers to your list. Every single offer that we do get sent to our email list, even if they've signed up for one offer. Well, Jeremiah, they sign up for finding your niche offer, I don't want to send them another finding your niche offer. Why not? They signed up for that purpose. So you're not going to maybe life came up. Maybe they didn't go through the training, maybe they came up with excuses why they couldn't do it. Maybe they weren't ready yet. So you got to understand this in your mind. First off. And a big part of where people struggle with email marketing is this mental battle. managing, managing and maintaining other people's emotions and choices. One of the biggest reasons why people struggle with email marketing is they are trying to manage and maintain other people's emotions or choices, which is also just another word for being a control freak.

[126:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is why people suck at email marketing. This is why people struggle with email marketing is because they're operating from a framework of trying to control others, I'm trying to make sure they don't unsubscribe, I'm trying to make sure that they sign up, I'm trying to make sure they register this is actually the number one root cause why people struggle to get clients in their, in their coaching business and in their offers, is they're trying too hard to control other people, instead of just being themselves and letting other people decide to do whatever they want. If half your list unsubscribes let's say you invested 3000 I'm gonna I'm gonna be real with you, let's say you invested $3,000 and 50% of those people that came in with that $3,000 By the way that might be you know 150 to 300 people let's say half of them unsubscribe that means 1500 of that got flushed down the toilet. And that's good. And that's a good thing. And if you're trying to save this 1500 bucks you're missing the point you're missing the entire process you're missing what actually works. So what you got to actually look at it as instead of okay, I got 300 leads for 3000 That's $10 a lead no instead, once they unsubscribe, you lost half of them you actually got 150 qualified leads for $20 a lead because these are the people that you can email I got people on my list right now I've sent them emails they open every single email that I send them for the last five years and they haven't unsubscribed and those are people that are buying everything from me and they see value in those emails and so you got to got to got to get it out of your head that you're trying to control other people that you're trying to make other people do what they should, that you're trying to manage your Budget and trying to be a good steward of your email list. Let's get rid of this, this religious thinking of, well, if if I email them too much, I'm not a good steward of what the people that God's put in front of me because they will then unsubscribe and you know, now I've not been faith, like, I know not been faithful with what God's given me because they unsubscribed we see we see people do that even in churches, they're afraid to preach a certain message because people might leave the church, you're afraid to post something on social media because people might leave you. Truth is this, that type of mindset is the fastest way to go broke as a coach, of course creator. As a coach, or course creator, you want to be unashamed about where you are your stance on things, once you believe what you're offering, you're not trying to bait and switch people into liking you enough to then bring them along and scam them into something else on the back end. Like that's not what you're trying to do. But that's the attitude that this is this attitude of trying to control, manage and maintain other people's emotions around your email marketing is literally the mindset of a con artist. And then we have people that are ethical, they have integrity. And they wonder why nobody's trusting them. Why nobody's buying from them. Because when you come to the table with this type of energy, being so attached to needing to make people do what you want, when they're on your list. Nobody's gonna buy from you. They don't want to be around that energy. They don't want to be around that type of controlling nature. And so that's where you might say, well, that's why I'm not trying to email them too many times. That's why I'm not trying to send them to. So I'm trying to be nice. I'm trying to be kind Jeremiah. You're not You're not getting it. That's it, you're thinking, that's what you're thinking I'm talking about is like being aggressive as control. No, no, you don't know what the biggest control freaks are usually the sweetest people. The most sinister people are usually very timid. Because they're afraid and if that's not you, that's at least that's how you're going to be perceived by people in the coaching in the course niche. When you're trying so hard to please everybody, when you come to the table with email marketing, as a pleaser, as a people pleaser, trying to make everybody happy, trying to not piss anybody off. Trying to always make them do what you want. You're not trustworthy. Nobody's gonna trust a word that comes out of your mouth. Because you're, you're only you're just saying something to make people like you. So you got to actually like grow out of that behavior. You actually have to learn to become more polarizing in your content. And we've found that this creates a much better result in our email marketing. We're not trying to beat around the bush and pretend that we're something that we're not, we're not trying to, to, like, make people like us. And when you get this mindset, you actually flow better with your email marketing. This is why especially even when you're writing your copy, when you write your copy from a place of being a pleaser, when you're trying to please everybody, when you try to make everybody happy. It's not gonna resonate, it's not going to click. Okay. Now, the other side of things is, you want to actually sound conversational. You want your emails to actually sound like you're writing a friend, like you're writing a loved one, like you're writing somebody that you care about deeply. Okay, let's I know I covered some of this in the first lesson. But I really want to dive into this. Because these foundations are so key to your ability to write good emails. I write emails now in five minutes, because I've trained myself to get out of my head. I've trained myself to not concern myself with how something's going to land with people. When I find myself actually going to write an email, and I'm concerned with how it's going to land. I don't write it because it's going to take me 30 minutes to an hour to do that. And I've tried that before. I've actually tried to go write an email when I'm concerned. And I'm not in my highest energy of confidence and feeling excited about my business and it takes me three to four hours to write one email. And then when I'm actually in that highest energy, that excitement takes me five minutes. So if I can cultivate myself to have that heightened energy, more often doing things that are fun playing video games, going for a walk, having more enjoyment in my life, that comes out in my emails that comes out in high connect with people, I'm connecting, communicating more in a way where I'm not worried about, are you going to accept me? Are you going to like me? Are you going to reject me? Are you going to judge me? Are you going to think that I'm XYZ and say something and delete me or send me a nasty email back, I don't even consider that. When I do consider that it takes me way too long to write anything. So this is why we gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta step out of judgment, both self judgment, self criticism, we got to make room for that more playful side of us. That's why this training is called email marketing the fun way. Because I telling you, email marketing is a drag and a half, if you're not doing it the fun way, if you're not making it more whimsical and playful. And so I want you to like, think about that like, like, just unlock that in your brain a little bit is imagine like you're calling a friend. Imagine that you're about to tell a friend about something that you're really excited for. And you're not concerned or even considering that they might judge you for it or not. How would you express that you're not worried about is this gonna land? I see so many people, coaches, course creators, mentors and trainers are so concerned about how something's going to land. In their business, they're so concerned about how a message is going to land with their prospects, that they actually, like, show up as a less confident version of themselves in their email. And that energy comes across and they're wondering, why are people unsubscribing? Why are people like, here's what's funny, actually get less unsubscribes when you do what I'm talking about. So we've actually found our unsubscribes have gone down by doing this. But internally, we think it's not going to work that way, we actually get more unsubscribes when we're so concerned about a landing, when you're just confidently yourself, and you're that way all the time. And you show up that way you're not afraid of how are people going to perceive me? How are they going to judge me. And then you just write from that whimsical, playful state of mind. The results flow and show up so much better. For me, I'll be honest, when I I've been writing email for a long time I've written

[286:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: like 10s of billions of dollars in revenue, and email marketing. And it's always always always going to be related to connecting with making a connection with a prospect on an individual level. Okay, so here's one of the first tips that I'll give you for writing your email marketing one, right? To the one. You don't want to write your emails as if you're writing to a list, okay? You want to write them to the individual. In fact, all of your marketing needs to be written towards individual people, not a wide group of people, not as if you're writing to a wide audience of people. You want to write it specifically to a individual that is most likely to be your buyer in your business. And that's why getting real clear on your customer avatar is the most important aspect in your business, knowing Who are you talking to, who you communicating with, who you connecting with. Now we use tools like Jasper AI. And recently again, I'm going to show you how to use it. At the time of this recording, there's a brand new technology that has actually just popped up on the market called Chat GPT. It's free. And I think Jasper is going to implement it. But we're using this chat GPT framework to write emails much faster. So like, you could actually go into chat GPT which is free and say, write a cold email inviting someone to a live event based on this topic. And then what I will do is I will go to my website I'll copy the whole page for my offer. Below this, I'll press paste. And the artificial intelligence is actually going to go ahead and write up an email based off of that page that I copied.

[326:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jasper does the same thing, but it takes a lot longer to do it. That's why we've been using chat GPT to at least get us started. I hope this finds you well, I'm writing you to invite you to a five day live event with Jeremiah Krakowski. In this event, we'll be giving you the exact strategies you need to build the perfect offer for your coaching business. This is a foundational step to building a coaching business, our proven process to generate millions in sales for our clients join us and learn how to how to create offers that convert bring in more sales and paid clients making it now obviously this email sucks. Like, I would never send this to my list. But here's what I always always do when writing emails, okay, is I reverse engineer what the API generates. And I find points that really stand out to me. And I do this every single time we write an email. Now we're going to be doing this multiple times over, I'm gonna show you a few methodologies of doing this. Let's just copy this right now into Jasper. And this is where Jasper is so much better because of its generative content format, so we'll go to a document in boss mode

[348:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll paste this right here. And here's what really stood out to me is about being a 19 year old vet 19 year veteran in the coaching industry. So I'm actually going to lead with that as the hook

[353:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: right the above as an intro to an email, and you're gonna have to type to like start to type this as if you're requesting an assistant to write stuff. So you want to speak to Jasper, you want to speak to chat GPT as if you're writing to a real person, an assistant write the above as an intro to an email, frame it in the first person as if I'm talking about myself.

[362:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: As a 19 year old veteran in the coaching industry, I've learned a few things there to generating real profits, the most important that's what's holding him back in this free course. I'll let you directly identify how to Okay, the worst habits that are sabotaging your success. All right, so here's how I would kind of take this and I would rewrite this, myself. Here's how we use it. We use AI to write our emails. Most of the time when I'm writing an email, I'm not always using exactly what the AI outputs. But I haven't come up with an idea that I'm thinking about. Okay, so if I read these two lines, I'm thinking how would I actually write a friend and say this better like in my own language. Sometimes when I put my mom's name was the tone of voice that also helps a lot. So I'm gonna give Jasper one more chance. Rewrite the above as if you're writing to a friend. So you can you actually can say, you want to be very personal as if you're writing to a friend and reconnecting. With agency since we last talked, I want to catch up with you. I'm sure you know, I've been coaching in the industry for 19 years now, that time I've accumulated. This is great right here. This is really good. So notice, we took a more of a rigid statement. We started with this Don't miss out on this opportunity. And then I said okay, rewrite this as an invite to an email and then I said rewrite it as a letter to a friend. Now I don't like this opening. But I like this right here. I'm sure. Let me pause here. When writing an email, I don't usually do like a salutation. In marketing emails to our list. We skip the salutation we get straight to the point. So right here, I'm sure that you know I've been in the coaching industry for 19 years now. And that's have accumulated a wealth of knowledge about how to generate real profits for coaches and trainers.

[397:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now this is where I would delete this from the top here. And so what we're doing is is we just have our email right here. This is the this is the start of our email that we're writing Okay, I've accumulated a wealth of knowledge about how to generate real profits for coaches and trainers. So now here's what I'm going to actually do, I'm actually going to flip the script on this real quick. I'm going to actually use a different offer. Because I thought of a different idea while I'm doing this, this is my, this is my process of writing emails. So now I'm actually going to take this landing page. I'm gonna tell chat, GBT, right, a cold email inviting people to this event. See, so the advantage of chat, GBT is it's able to actually take like, long forms of content, and process it really quickly. Jasper can only take a small piece of content, and outputs a small amount of text. But you're gonna have a much greater control over directing its process, directing how it actually shows up. Okay, so I'm gonna scroll down here. hope this finds you well, and continue to strong strategy, having a strong email list is critical to the success of your coaching business. This is good, this is great. I'm actually gonna send this to my list right here. So I was able to copy my offer and come up with an idea for an email to send my list. Join us for the live session. So now, obviously, I'm not I'm not going to use this text as my email that I'm going to be using. This is the event about growing your email list. The fun way this is all about like I'm leading people to realize like you got to create an offer. Creating your offers the most important part before you start worrying about what's actually send people. Okay, so now I'm going to take this text right here, remove the salutation. And I like this line right here. Just as it is, having a strong email list is critical to the success of your coaching or online course business. We have a proven method for easily adding 1000 subscribers to your list. I love that. So now I'm gonna press compose and see what Jasper creates. Our team has helped hundreds of entrepreneurs, I'm actually gonna change that 1000s It's not our team, I'm gonna say we've helped 1000s of entrepreneurs and coaches, establish a strong list building foundation with our signature method for getting more people on your email list. And seeing amazing results. Okay, so now what I'm thinking about, so here's the thing we provide step by step instruction. See, here's, here's the thing, when you're writing an email, people get bored really quickly. So you want to remove any aspect that they might get bored of this part right here is gonna is going to create boredom. We've already talked about the fact that okay, I'm sure you've been in the coaching industry, like accumulated wealth, having a strong email list, we've helped, this is our track record we provide so I don't really care about that.

[453:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: This session will show you how to do it the right way how to have more impact and dream clients, I'm going to copy that down right there. But there's something that needs to go in between here, right? You're always bridging a gap for people. So I'm gonna delete that text. And I need to bridge the gap between this part of the email and this part, we're actually tell them about what my offer is, and add some educational content in here. So

[462:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: take this section above and provide three points of education for people about this process and then lead them to the fact that we have a free live event tomorrow to walk them through this over zoom. Building a strong list is essential foundation struggle. We've used this method CRC I don't like that. Okay, this is cool though right here because it is kind of leading to give our community even more access to the knowledge of what's working right now. We're hosting a free live event tomorrow on Zoom. We'll walk you through the entire process of growing your email list the fun way. So it's not a drag and is the most enjoyable thing Part of your business right

[483:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then we have this line right here that GPT created in this session will show you how to do it the right way so you can make more money have more impact and work in the dream clients Register Now, here don't miss this will usually use some kind of simple call to action like that and I will just put the link Okay, there is something just missing from this email. Jeremiah Krakowski. Okay, so we have this email right here. But there is still something missing right here

[494:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is what I Okay, here's what I would do is I would handle this is what's missing is handling objections. What are some objections people might have to this process? Eventually, I think we'll come up with a recipe for email marketing, honestly, I kind of just do it all, the way that we came up with our recipe for our landing pages, I just did it a bunch of times for people and then it turned into a recipe. I don't have it dialed in that well, yet, so but it takes a lot to make a recipe. Some people might have objections about the process, they don't believe that adding more people creates more results, they might think that the process is too time consuming. Okay, perfect. So we'll honor that we'll put this it doesn't have to be time consuming or complicated to get results. And to grow your email list right there. So what I'm doing is I am addressing their objection right here before linking them to my call to action. And so now this is a solid email that I would then go in and send to my list. Right here. Here's what I'll do. I'll copy this, I'll go into power mode. So that's this right here. Power mode gives you all of these templates in Jasper.

[517:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's obviously the email campaign workflow that they have. I've not used like their email campaign workflow or anything like that, you can play around with this, I sort of this is like a, like a not so good version of what I just showed you how to do. I'll probably create like the ultimate recipe for email marketing here soon. That'll be fun. Awesome. But yeah, so what I'll do is I will take this text right here. And this is where we've been using chat, GPT and Jasper. So actually paste this into here. Now notice, there's an 800 character limit. But we got at least the gist of it right here. The top part of it is what really matters. I'm going to have it generate 10 email subject lines, okay. Free event how to grow your email list, how to quickly grow your email list.

[533:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is pretty good. I kind of like that as a subject line. But let's see what chat GPT says as well. Okay. So I'm gonna take this, I'm going to do generate a list of email, subject lines based on this email. I want it to persuade people to open the email and register email content. And while we're doing that, I'm gonna go back to boss mode. And I'm going to actually ask boss mode to do the same thing. So the way that chat GPT works, you can still conversationally, do the same thing in bossman Jasper. So I'm going to ask you to generate a list of subject lines that persuade people to open the email and register for a live event how to quickly grow your list three proven tactics five critical see what this has done? Join our free live event and learn how to grow your email list the fun way discover the proven method for easily Yes, see, it kind of struggles to actually do this. That's why I found more success with Jasper's actual email subject line algorithm. Because they actually are written like good email subject lines. Let's generate 10 more. See what it comes up with. Join me for my live event tomorrow. Yeah, so I would I would do this Free zoom, call tomorrow, quickly grow your email list. That's what my subject line is going to be. Alright, so now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go over to MailChimp. And we don't really do a whole lot of segmentation with our list. Because again, like I said, I want people to unsubscribe. So, I'm going to actually take this email. I'm going to go to all campaigns, I'm going to go to my main newsletter, and I'm going to create a campaign. regular email. This is how we send out all of our emails in MailChimp. So I got a subject line, we'll paste that subject line right there

[575:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then we'll adopt this and we'll take this email text, I use simple text is the template that I use, I don't use any of their fancy ones with photos, I use simple text as my template. Because I don't want anything more fancy than just text in my emails. I don't use graphics in my emails at all. We found that open rates are much better if you very rarely use graphics or images. So I only use text I paste it in here. Now there's a step that I might do. So here's the thing, I don't like the spacing of this, it's a lot of spaces. The way that Jasper spaces things out doesn't translate over to MailChimp very well. So I'll actually copy this and I'll create new paragraph breaks that are better just by deleting and pressing ENTER again

[591:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, now here's one step I forgot. So I take most of our emails and I throw it into an app called Grammarly. Now Grammarly is built into you can enable it into Jasper it is automatically enabled so you can actually just use it right in in Jasper. They have the base the basic version of Grammarly built in. Okay, I use the Grammarly app, the pro version. And I go through and I select

[601:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: my goals and I only go to correctness as I go results and grow your email list part of your business right? Because it makes me look a little bit more professional when I do that. But the rest I'm not really too worried about a lot of this stuff in Grammarly. So then I read through the email again, I'm sure you I'm sure you know I've been in the I will say as you know, because I would say it. So I'm rereading back through it and I'm rewriting it how I would say as you know, I've been in the coaching industry for 19 years now. And that's how I accumulated a wealth of knowledge and how to generate real profits for coaches and trainers. Having a strong email list is critical to the success of your coaching online, your your online

[614:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: say your online coaching or course business. We have a proven method for easily adding 1000 subscribers to your list. We've helped 1000s of entrepreneurs, I would actually delete this line. It doesn't have to be time consuming or complicated to get the results you want and need to grow. To grow your email lists. To give our community even more access to the knowledge of what's working right now we're hosting a free live event tomorrow over zoom where we'll walk you through the entire process step by step. Delete that in this session will show you how to do it the right way so you can make more money and have the impact to work between clients register now don't miss this. Okay, so that's a much better way of saying that I added it now I'm going to paste it back in here. And grammerly must separate paragraph breaks again. Usually I'm going Jasper to Grammarly and then into MailChimp. So I usually go Jasper to Grammarly to MailChimp. And we use chat GPT to help us a little bit with this. But Jasper is still going to be the best by using a combination of both frameworks. It's the fastest, which is cool. All right. So there's an email. We're ready to send this out to our list. I'm gonna schedule it right I'm going to add recipients, I'm gonna schedule it who is seeing this campaign? I'm gonna send it to everybody up, I want to make sure that my full name is in there, not just Jeremiah. And we're gonna schedule it for 1pm today, okay. And so that's how I write emails, that's like the quickest way that our emails. Now there's more nuance that I'll go into on how we like, get more specific with our emails, because I have a process where we're able to take an email and get really specific with it. But this process I've just shown, you will help you come up with at least three to four emails that you can send to your audience for each offer that you do. It's very simple, it's not complicated. This is kind of the simplest way to do it. I'm going to teach you a more complicated method in the next lesson that we're using right now. So we write daily emails for my mom's email list. And I base them off of all of her live calls that she does with her audience with her group. And so what I'm doing is I'm actually taking the content from her live group, reframing it in a way that people that are not paying customers, to invite them to join her in the live group. It's pretty cool. How we do it bringing relevant content, relevant email getting crazy open rates. It's a it's definitely a more it's basically what I just showed you, with like more steps that are more complicated added on top of it. So get good at this simple method that I showed you. And then the more complicated method, you're going to be able to add a lot of nuance and storytelling, that's even more advanced to it with what I'm gonna show you in the next lesson. All right.

