Growing Your Email List The Fun Way
Date: 2022-12-11T08:46:16.000Z
Duration: 134 min
Otter ID: LwXvtVE3c778hm0G0ILzAw0fxqY
---

[109:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's up, everybody? Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How many of you are excited to be here? How many of you are excited today? Let me know. Let me know in the chat. How many of you can hear me in the chat? This is awesome. Thank you, everybody for being here. Thank you for showing up. Thank you for making the commitment to watch this content. I love it. I'm glad you're here. You could be anywhere else in the world, but you're here with us. This is awesome. Let me how do I actually get this, this music to stop? There we go. Listen, I how do I do the music and all that I gotta, I'm just gonna give you all a little bit of like, behind the scenes look here, because you guys want to know how like we do stuff like this. I am not about this crazy like technology stuff. Because it can, it's time consuming. It takes a lot of time with you want to actually grow your business and have fun.

[125:15] Speaker 1: To me. This is actually why I build my business is to have fun. And fun

[127:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: can be in any other wet way it can be impacting people by giving money to those that need it. Those that are those that are poor, like the like the children overseas that we support, that we help rescue out of human trafficking our clients, we even help them finance and fund rescuing kids out of child sex trafficking. How many y'all can get behind that? And listen, it's fun to be able to do that. Or fun could be me going and spending time, you know, playing some video games if I want to. Because that's what I want to do. Or it could be me spending time with my wife got a new baby boy on the way. Whatever your version of fun looks like, I want you to keep that in your mind. And I want you to realize that you can have more of that by growing your email list by getting more clients in your business. And you don't have to do all this technical, crazy, complicated stuff that everybody out there has tried to convince you to do I hate when I see this on the internet. Well meaning marketers trying to convince people that they have to do a certain level of stuff. Let me see if this microphone let me see if I can turn this up a little bit. It looks like it's all the way up. So Can y'all hear me?

[148:17] Speaker 1: Can y'all hear me good?

[148:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does the sound sound good? Let me know in the chat if you can hear me well, because I don't want to be you know, talking to an empty room where nobody can hear me. Awesome. All right. So anyways, I digress. You don't have to do any of that crazy stuff that you think you got to do to be successful. So like for me for the countdown timer like I just walked up here 10 minutes ago, I turned it on. It's literally a YouTube video that I pulled up I typed in countdown timer on YouTube, and then I just made it full screen and had it take over the screen and then boom, there y'all go. Right. See and listen. And then for the music, what do I do for the music? I just typed in royalty free Free Music and I played it through SoundCloud, I need to actually log in so they don't play the ads and stuff like that. But like, it's not as complicated as y'all make it. It's not as complicated as a lot of people make it. Let me let me flip my camera here just real quickly. I'm gonna go dark here for a second and come back up.

[164:21] Speaker 1: Okay. Boom, there we

[165:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: are. All right, y'all notice my mouth is now actually matching my voice. I realized this last week, I did an entire broadcast, that, by the way, was the most highest converting most profitable broadcasts we've ever done. And my mouth wasn't synced up to the words that I was saying, because I was running it through the wrong system.

[170:52] Speaker 1: If if, if I can

[171:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: do it with stuff, being imperfect, with stuff not being at a certain like level of some people call it excellence. Honestly, I think that that people use their spirit of excellence as an excuse for laziness. Because here's what matters is you taking

[176:05] Speaker 1: action on what you learn.

[177:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're sitting here today, you're looking for some strategies.

[178:13] Speaker 1: You're looking for some, some ways to make your business grow. And it's not, it's not fun for you, you're not going to make six figures.

[181:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're not having fun along the way, you're not making six figures. And sidenote, if you go through trainings like this, and maybe you maybe we've never met before, I'm gonna kind of do my quick little intro here in a second. But you're but you don't actually take action

[185:55] Speaker 1: on what you hear. You're not going to be successful. Okay. Some people are

[187:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: asking questions, how do I get in the VIP section. There was an email that was sent to you and you signed up right to my client, Gareth Kerr, they'll send you the VIP link, we're not starting the VIP link until after this two hour session. So that starts at one o'clock, okay. If you're looking for the actual VIP login stuff, you go to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. We've had hundreds of people sign up and get the VIP. And so what you can do is you log in over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And you go click on login here over my website, if you're still lost and can't find any of the VIP content again, right, my client care, you got lifetime access to it, you're not gonna lose anything if you miss it here this morning. Okay, so let's not

[199:43] Speaker 1: get distracted. Let's not get off track

[201:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: based off of what we don't have, because honestly, that's what I'm going to go into here in a second. Okay, I'm going to talk about that I'm gonna address this because that's actually one of the biggest things that's stopping most of you from succeeding. So for those of you that has not met me, yet, has not met me. So I can even talk straight. I don't even talk like a

[205:43] Speaker 1: like a pro. But I am a pro.

[207:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's not for me to brag or for me to prove myself to you. I've been doing this for 19 years, I've been in the online marketing space for over 19 years. So you can check out my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com. And what do I do? I mentor, I think I qualify as a mentor and as the coach, coaches, trainers, consultants, course creators, on how to make 30k plus per month, using online direct response marketing and social media. So if you're somebody that's out here today, you're saying, Well, I don't want to use the internet. I apologize, you're in the wrong place. Because we're gonna be teaching you how to use the internet to grow your email list. How you expect to grow your email list without being on the internet is beyond me. But I know a lot of people for some reason they see they see an ad pop on their social media and they they think that I'm going to teach you how to do it offline. Here's what's funny. I even misspelled the button on my page it says says decision. I didn't I didn't edit it which is which is even funnier. I just kind of left it like that. Because the truth is this I'm really wanting to prove to y'all that you can make all the mistakes.

[225:46] Speaker 1: You can do all the wrong things. You can appear unprofessional and you can show up

[229:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: the link for the VIP is not on the Facebook group. That somebody is somebody publicly sharing the VIP link in the Facebook group everybody that people spent $7 for

[232:19] Speaker 1: somebody publicly sharing that VIP link with everybody in the Facebook group. No, they're not. Um, okay. Perfect. That is one thing that I

[237:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't like is thieves and people that think that they're doing people a service by you know, robbing one person giving it to another If that's you, if you're on here today, if that's what you're wanting to do, if you're wanting to learn how to how to how to rob from people, here's what I'll ask you to do, go buy at least go spend the $7 on the VIP, and then steal everything that I say, I'm actually giving you permission to do this. Steal everything that I say today. Steal everything that I say, in my VIP in the members area. And what I teach those bonuses that you get, like, no, like, I'm actually inviting you to do this. I'm y'all think I'm trying to trick you right now? No, I'm not. And then go copy everything that I do and go become a millionaire. And then come back to me and say, Jeremiah, I copied you and I became a millionaire. And now you'll be a testimonial on my website. And it'll just validate everything that I teach to people, it's awesome. I invite you to go do that. Go take all of these trainings, steal the content, teach it as if it's your own, pretend like you didn't get it from anybody, and you just came up with it yourself, and go reteach it to other people. I honestly could not care less. In fact, I would invite you to do that. I'm not going to come after you. I'm not going to sue you. I actually encourage people to do that. Some people think that it's a trick when I encourage them to do that. Because honestly, who in the marketplace would do that, right? Who would actually give people that permission? Well, somebody who is not worried about there not being enough, they're not being enough business out there for them. And that's one of the biggest issues that stops people from succeeding, but I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself. So my name is Jeremiah Krakowski. For those of you that I haven't met yet. Some of you might know my mom, Sandy Krakowski. And I know that most of y'all have probably heard of her. Because we we actually targeted a lot of her followers for this event, specifically, okay. And so I helped my mom build her business to over $20 million. Before that, I got into the industry working for a lady named Danny Johnson, where we helped build multiple online courses, and trainings, and DVD sets about sales and marketing. In fact, I worked on this DVD boxset, I worked on this DVD set, I actually, I actually was the one that edited all of the content. And so how did I get into the industry of coaching and online courses? I you know, I'm super transparent about this, if you're if you are following a coach or trainer out there, who is not transparent, who is trying to create some kind of a facade version of their story, here's the truth. I haven't been coaching people for 19 years, I've been in the industry for 19 years, okay. And so I got into the industry 19 years ago, as a job working for Danny Johnson to help put together DVD courses and CD courses. And so I edited all of those, I edited all of those courses and put them together. And and then they marketed and sold them out to people. And I learned firsthand being an employee of their company, what it actually takes to grow and scale an online course and coaching business. After that I took everything that I learned working for their company and started working for my mom. And we scaled that business to over $20 million and a different niche teaching, Facebook ads, Instagram ads, social media content, teaching you how to how to grow your email list, how to get people to actually respond to you. And so this whole concept of how do you grow your email list? I've been helping people with that. Since I started growing my first email list back in 2009. I got into affiliate marketing made almost a million dollars in one year in affiliate marketing with my own email list over 150,000 people.

[303:32] Speaker 1: And then I had a really low point in my life, where I got

[305:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: into the party scene. Drinking all the time. I was DJing full time for almost four years straight I DJ dubstep music, I was like a big party boy. Um, and all I cared about was like, How can I find a wife? How can I you know, find women to hang out with and, and that was my life. That was my life focus was making just enough to survive while living this party lifestyle. And so I'm thankful for my mom, she offered me a job to work for her as her marketing director. So and I appreciate her being able to see the value in me. I'll tell you this. My mom has always been one who has spoken value in my life. And I know that some of y'all didn't grow up that way. Some of y'all grew up with parents that didn't speak value into your life. That didn't say what your worth was right? That didn't say A that you could do anything that didn't say that you could become anything you wanted. My mom always told me you can become whatever you want to. Now our my home grown up wasn't perfect. Y'all seen some of the some of the stuff we posted, the church we grew up in was was basically a cult. My, my stepdad stepped out his my dad was not really there as a father. And so it wasn't a dream home growing up in. But one of the biggest things that I was always taught was you can become anything you want to.

[330:40] Speaker 1: Now, here's the problem with that.

[331:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you tell the child, you can become anything you want to, and then they don't have any self discipline or boundaries. They will go off in one direction or the other and start believing in fantasies. And this is something that I see a lot of people struggle with a lot of adults struggle with especially, is like they believe, okay, I can become the next Elon Musk right? Now, in theory, you can. But I would say if you're an adult, if you're over the age of 40 5060, like, you got to actually be realistic about your limitations. And be realistic about what you can and can't do. And I'll say this, me growing up and and becoming a father has taught me this. My baby boy is about to be born here in the next couple of weeks. And I want him to believe that he can become anything he wants. But I also want to train him in self discipline, the value of niching down, right? The value of finding a profit stream that can actually be amplified to 10 to $20 million. Right. And so, if you're here today, here's what I want to impart to you, as I want to impart to you second generation millionaire success secrets. What does that mean? My mom was a first generation millionaire actually was a millionaire in her bloodline before that, but first generation millionaire, pulled our family out of poverty. And now me, I've taken this, and I am a second generation millionaire in this. Our business has not done a million dollars a year in one year yet, but we've done $400,000 In the last four months. I'd say if I keep that pace up this next year, we're pretty good, right? And so what does it take for you to make over $100,000 a month in your business? What does it take for you to make over $50,000 a month in your business? Heck, some of y'all are here today. You might be like, Jeremiah, that sounds? That sounds great and all but I just want to learn to pay my bills, how do I make an extra $5,000 a month in my business?

[367:44] Speaker 1: Right? That will be life changing? If you could create a course. Great a coaching program that made an extra $5,000

[370:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: a month? What would that do for your family? All right, some of y'all that wouldn't do anything, because you're already making that. I get that. So if that's you, what would an extra 20 to $40,000 a month do for your business? What would an extra 100 to $200,000 a month do in your business and this right here is the range that we have clients that our most successful clients that we've worked with like Joshua Giles, he brought in over $150,000 in one month with this exact strategy that I'm gonna be giving you here today. My client Rick Pino over a million dollars in one month with this exact strategy. Okay. This is what has brought my business to over $400,000 In the last four months last month, we did 160,000 in

[384:24] Speaker 1: one month. And this is what's gonna help you

[385:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you just want to make your first five to 10,000 or even that 20 to 40k a month.

[387:04] Speaker 1: How many how many of you want to make at least between five to 40k a month like That sounds pretty good. That sounds pretty good. Let me know in the chat.

[390:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me know in the chat who who wants to be able to increase your income

[391:48] Speaker 1: to that level? To be able to make

[393:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: that much money somebody asked how many people are alive on the Zoom call 52 people

[394:54] Speaker 1: right now. I love this interaction like the live questions and stuff like that.

[397:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here here's what's crazy, an event like this. I'm gonna just going to show you all behind the scenes we had about 170 people register. Only 52 are on live. Where are the other 120 people well the other day other 120 people decided that it wasn't important enough to be here live, about 50 of those 120 people are going to watch the recording. So I understand that, if that's you, great, that's awesome. You're watching the recording. But even when we do stuff like this, there is usually about

[404:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: 30% of people that are alive, another 30%, that will watch the recording, and another 30%, who register that literally will not watch the first 10 minutes. That's just the way it goes. And so here's the thing, I'm talking to y'all that are on here live. And

[409:23] Speaker 1: actually, I'm talking to y'all that are that actually upgraded to the VIP. Because I'm gonna say it, I honestly don't care about anybody. Like,

[414:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: their opinions or what they're going through or what they're dealing with. I appreciate people from like a human level. Like, like, as humans, I think we all got value, right? I care about you like from a humanity level. But I don't care about the opinions of, or the goals have

[419:25] Speaker 1: anybody who has not spent money with me, who has not made an investment with me? Who isn't making an investment

[422:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: with me. And here's what's interesting, out of those 170 people who registered 40 People upgraded to the VIP. So what that means is there's only about 40 people who really take this seriously that I'm talking about. And out of that VIP, what I know is only about half of them are going to show up to the q&a, okay. And so there's only about 20 people out of the 50 that are on here, there's only about half of you that actually I'm going to be talking to you today. The rest of you, I'm honestly just going to pretend like you're not even here, okay? I mean that nicely. But I'm here to talk to those that have ears to hear, those that are willing to hear, and those that are willing to learn. And if you're not willing to invest in your business, I can't help you. If you're not willing to invest in growing your business, here's the thing, in the coaching and online course business, we have inflation inflation is a big is actually a big issue. Looks like there's about another 10 people that are on the live stream too. So that's cool.

[438:57] Speaker 1: So about 60 people on it's gonna cost you 200 to $300 per month, just in software, for you to be able

[443:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: to build a coaching business to six figures, for you to be able to build a coaching business to 5k a month. And then you're gonna have to invest another 300 to $500 a month,

[446:42] Speaker 1: initially in paid advertising. And this is where I'm probably gonna lose about half of y'all.

[450:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because I realized I made a mistake.

[451:29] Speaker 1: When I launched this event, I made a big boo boo, made a real big boo boo, I'm just I'm just the king of making mistakes, I hope you'll realize that I do nothing perfect, ever. Can't even talk perfect. So

[455:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I talked about growing your email. So 1000 laser targeted subscribers, but I realized that and by the way, you're not going to have to spend a ton of money. But you're gonna have to invest at least 300 to $500 a month to see any result. Okay? If you can't bring yourself to investing 300 to $500 a month in your business. Wait now go get a job stop trying to fulfill the fantasy of growing a coaching business

[463:11] Speaker 1: or growing a course business. Dead serious.

[464:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the mistake that I made was that there's a lot of people that are actually on this training right now or you're watching this, and you're thinking that I'm going to be showing you how to do it organically without paid advertising. The truth is, in other industries, you can successfully grow organically to six and seven figures in the coaching and online course space. It's a grind, it's not fun, and it's very hard to do and it will take you years to build your brand up organically to do that. Okay, and so if you're here today, you're looking for strategies on how to do it organically without paid advertising. Just stop watching the video just log off. Okay, like I'm gonna give you a chance to just just just leave right now

[479:13] Speaker 1: okay, so now hopefully I'm actually Talking

[480:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: to people that are willing to learn how to run paid ads in a way that works. The way that we run paid ads that works is for every dollar that we spend, we make back currently in our business, we make that one to one times what we spend. So if I spend $1,000, on paid ads, I know that minimum, it's going to bring in $21,000 in sales. And in the beginning, a lot of our clients, they might not have a lot of money to spend on ads. But usually like my client, Emma Dixon in our coaching program, so she spent five, she spent 600. And I think it was

[491:54] Speaker 1: 93

[493:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: pounds Great Britain Pounds, not really dollars, I don't know how to do the pound sign. She spent 693. For the sake of example, I'll say dollars, right? I know it's not right, but I'm gonna say it. She spent $693 and brought in 9500 in sales using the process that we're going to be talking about today. The process to grow your email list the fun way. Okay.

[500:23] Speaker 1: A lot of people when they

[500:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: start out another client of Denise, I think I believe she spent $1,000 on paid ads, she brought in 997 and sales, she lost $3

[504:03] Speaker 1: She lost three bucks. And so that's the goal,

[505:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you run paid ads is to at least breakeven, to at least make back what you spent what you invested. Okay,

[508:09] Speaker 1: here's the

[508:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the root problem that I'm noticing from people because a lot of you filled in the questions and a lot of you answered these great questions before

[510:23] Speaker 1: you came in here. And that's actually part of our system.

[512:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Grown your email list. The fun way is not about doing all this crazy technical stuff.

[513:52] Speaker 1: growing your email list, the

[514:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: fun way is about

[514:34] Speaker 1: listening to your market. So

[517:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: the first step to grow your email list is actually listening to your market

[519:02] Speaker 1: and then giving them what they want. Okay.

[523:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you listen to your market, and you give them what they want. A lot of you asked me well, how do you know what the right things to put in your email are? How do you know that you're sending out the right email? How do you do this? How do you make sure that it's going to work? How do you make sure it's going to land? How do you make sure that you have stuff to tell people, what type of content helps people, it's all based on you listening to your market and giving them what they want. And if you don't know what your market wants, that's the process that we show you how to do. But a lot of people do the chicken versus the egg, the wrong approach, which came first the chicken or the egg,

[532:39] Speaker 1: which came first the email list or listening to the market. The email list. And this is where this is the the philosophical breaking point for most people. Because they end up going into a mental loop

[540:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: that creates a glitch in their brain. Okay. And so like, they have this idea, okay, what content should I give people? Once I know what content I should give, then I will be able to grow my email list. And then once I grow my email list, I'll be able to make money. But I'm not able to do that because I don't know what content to give people. Okay. And so that I tell you, Okay, listen to your market that's going to tell you what content to give people. So we'll put listening to the market here. But the problem is that you don't have a market to listen to because you don't know what content to make. And so you end up going in this loop that glitches you out from actually growing your email list and making money and this loop turns into something like this.

[555:28] Speaker 1: I don't know what content to make. So I'm going to have to listen to people and know what they want. Except I don't have people to listen to because I don't have content to make. And this leaves people stuck I don't know what content to make,

[560:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: to get people in front of me to hear what their desires are. And so because I can't listen to what people want, I don't know what content to make. And what ends up happening is I meet a lot of people, they get stuck in this loop, sometimes for five to 10 years. They know that they want to build a coaching business. They know that they want to build a course

[565:34] Speaker 1: business.

[566:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: But they get stuck in this loop right here of all, I don't know what to tell people, I don't know what to make. I don't know what content to do. And I can't find people to listen to until I know what content to make.

[569:51] Speaker 1: And I get it,

[571:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: it makes them it makes perfect sense. I'm not trying to invalidate you at all like this is, this is a problem. This is a conundrum. This is an issue. This is an issue that actually plagues 99%

[574:36] Speaker 1: of most course, graders and coaches.

[575:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the 1%, who actually are making six figures

[576:26] Speaker 1: and above, have learned how to solve this loop. Here's the issue though. This is the real issue. The reason why it's 99. And one is because the way that most of us are taught

[582:11] Speaker 1: in our corporate jobs. The way that most of us are taught in our churches, the way that most of us are taught in our schools, and in our academic settings. And even many of you have seen people,

[587:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: their coaches and chorus graders, they're making all this money, right. But they're scammers.

[588:33] Speaker 1: They're not like

[589:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're making these false promises. They're promising the world, but they're not delivering, right. false promises. So there's a lot of people in the 1% that are actually making false promises, and they're scamming people. And then there's a lot of people in this 99% they've been to schools and churches in corporate America, and they have a standard of excellence. They have a desire to really serve people. They don't want to scam people. They don't want to give false promises, but they want to make six figures. And so they get stuck in this loop of saying, Okay, I don't know how to actually make content that is good enough.

[600:56] Speaker 1: To get people to buy and spend money with you. Right? How many of y'all can relate to that that loop?

[603:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: How many of y'all can relate to that that equation in the chat? Let me know, how many of you have dealt with that loop?

[604:57] Speaker 1: Right? How many of y'all have dealt with that? A lot of you. For those of you that haven't dealt with this? What are you

[609:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: dealing with? Let me know post in the chat below. There's no silly questions. There's no stupid comments. There's no there's nothing to be afraid of. You can also anonymously submit your questions

[612:58] Speaker 1: in the q&a. Okay,

[613:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: so if you're not stuck in this loop of not knowing what content is good enough to grow your email list, what are you actually dealing with? Right? You're dealing with one person on your list and it's a spam email. Well, yeah, well, you don't have anybody on your list. That's a that's a non issue. We're talking about actually getting people on the issue. They think that people don't trust their solution.

[619:43] Speaker 1: Okay. You don't know where to start.

[620:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's about building out content after I know what they want. I'm afraid I won't have have time to give people that. Okay. You're just starting out. Okay, so time,

[623:31] Speaker 1: lack of trust.

[624:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't know how to set up the actual programs. Okay. Yep. So here's the thing. I tell people all the time. You're stuck knowing most won't follow because they will see me at zero followers. Yep.

[628:02] Speaker 1: Yep. These are all real issues. cashflow working

[629:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: on it needing cash flow. Money is a huge issue for you.

[630:32] Speaker 1: Everybody starts somewhere. Okay. burned by other coaches.

[633:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: No idea how to do all the automations cash flow. Okay, so here's the thing. Here's what I'm gonna

[634:30] Speaker 1: say. Y'all. I believe in God. And I believe that He gives wisdom when we ask. And I'm here to tell you today that I need some wisdom.

[638:43] Speaker 1: I need some wisdom from heaven today. And so I'm just gonna say a quick prayer right now,

[640:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is for me. If y'all don't agree with this, that's fine. I don't need you to believe in what I believe in. This just helps me right. This helps me serve you better. So Lord,

[643:24] Speaker 1: thank You for these people that are here today. I need some supernatural wisdom. On top of my natural ability

[646:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: to serve these people, to not burn them, like other coaches have to lead them in the way that they need to guide and direct them. And I don't want to let my experiences get in the way of what these people need to hear.

[649:39] Speaker 1: And so Lord, in the name of Jesus,

[650:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I need you to fill my mouth,

[651:10] Speaker 1: where I'm lacking, to have words to say to people, and here's the thing again, you don't have to agree with me. You don't have to agree with my faith at all. That's okay.

[655:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got a lot of people in our in our group, they don't share the same faith as me. But that's the thing is we don't all have to believe the same way for me to be able to help you grow your email list. So the the problems that people wrote down that they are that they're dealing with, you're either stuck in this loop, or you've been burned by other coaches, right. That's the scams and false promises. You don't know if people are going to trust you, you don't know if you're going to have enough time to deliver.

[663:25] Speaker 1: And this all boils down to what I call, it's called Annika monistic thinking. And so it's very important that you have a vision for the future when you're building your business. The problem that we deal with though is this is where we're at right now. And we end up catastrophizing. And basically, we end up simulating, in our mind we

[672:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: have these mental simulations that we go through You Ever Have you ever gotten into conversation or even a fight with somebody in your head, and you talk through all that stuff? And maybe we call this overthinking.

[676:29] Speaker 1: overthinking is

[676:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually the number one reason why most people struggle

[677:50] Speaker 1: to grow their email list. But here's the here's the sad part, they justify it with words like wisdom, or a spirit of excellence. The problem

[682:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: with wisdom and a spirit of excellence, when it's attached to catastrophizing, simulated thinking and acronym stick thinking is that it creates a physical inability to actually move forward. And so a lot of people that I meet are physically incapable of growing a coaching business to six figures, no matter what they try, no matter what they learn, no matter how many courses they go through, because of what's going on right here.

[690:36] Speaker 1: Because they've been through a

[690:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: lot, because they don't want to mess up because they don't want to make mistakes, because they don't want to waste time. And they don't want it to take a lot of time. And so the problem is that people have

[694:08] Speaker 1: standards for their life

[695:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: of excellence, that and I'm gonna say this, whether this offends you or not, you need to lower your standards.

[698:15] Speaker 1: You need to lower the unrealistic

[698:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: standards that you're placing on yourself to succeed just a little bit.

[700:10] Speaker 1: This has been one of the greatest

[700:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: things that I've done in my business that has increased our income and increased our email list is

[701:43] Speaker 1: lowering my standards.

[702:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. See, I've dealt with this. I spent hours sitting on the couch overthinking all the ways to build my business, mapping out and planning out for four years and guess how much our business was making? We weren't doing more than 500 to $1,000 a month with our coaching and courses. How did I break out of that cycle of only a 500 or $1,000 month Some of y'all are saying man Jeremiah, I'd love to be making $500,000 month don't do what I did to make that do what I'm doing today and do what I'm sharing with you today that brought in over $160,000 a month in our

[712:35] Speaker 1: business. Lowering your standards is a big part of it. Lowering your standards of what you require of yourself, for you to show up to build your business

[718:48] Speaker 1: while raising your level of self doubt To plan and structure. Isn't that interesting. So what I had to do with was this simultaneously. And in the last year has been crazy. My wife got pregnant in April.

[726:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So as is the case, I've been restructuring my life in a way that that will work while having

[727:52] Speaker 1: a baby. And it started by me lowering my standards. By the way, this also worked for my mom. This was a huge

[732:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: unlock for Rick Pino that took him from 40,000 a month all the way up to 200,000 a month. This was a huge unlock for Joshua Giles, this is a huge unlock, for me, lowering your standards, while simultaneously increasing your

[736:43] Speaker 1: self discipline. When it comes to you actually taking action, and working the steps to build your business. And so in our coaching program that we have, here's the cool part about today, I have nothing to sell you today. Okay, I'm not going to sell you anything. What I am going to do though, is I'm going to invite you to

[745:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: an event that I'm doing that's free next week, called Launch your perfect offer that will take your coaching business from zero to 40k. It's a five day event that I'm doing.

[748:14] Speaker 1: And you can read more about it here, we'll talk a little bit about it later. But this is where you're gonna be able

[749:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: to get five days of coaching with me, not just today, those y'all that got the VIP, you're gonna able to jump into the q&a at the end of it. Not just today, but you're gonna get five days of coaching with me and so go register for this, you'll get an email for it as well. A lot of you, I think this is going to really help you. Okay, my, my coaching program that I have to sell is not open right now. And it's not going to be open until next year, the client growth accelerator. Okay, so the client growth accelerator includes all of the courses that I've ever made, I don't sell any of my courses.

[759:09] Speaker 1: None of my courses are for sale. To access

[760:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: my paid courses, you actually have to join my group coaching program, the client growth accelerator, but jump on the waiting list for it. When we open the doors to the client growth accelerator, you'll be the first to know to be able to jump into this and it's not going to cost you more than $3,000 for the year and you'll be able to make payments on that. We even will allow you to finance it for up to 60 months. Okay, so that's what I offer. That's what I sell you now back to our main program.

[768:21] Speaker 1: Some of y'all, if you are doing

[769:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: a teaching like this right now, I'm going to stop you real quick. You could not bring yourself to stopping your teaching and mentioning what you offer for sale. Because you would be afraid of people judging you as being too salesy. And you being afraid that people would think that you're just money hungry. And that's one of the biggest things that actually stops people from succeeding

[775:53] Speaker 1: is judgment.

[776:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: The judgment that you have on other marketers, the judgment that you have on me right now about how what I'm teaching you is wrong.

[779:41] Speaker 1: The judgment that

[779:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have on yourself, when you go out there to build your business is the greatest thing that stops you from succeeding.

[783:30] Speaker 1: Yep. Because what this creates is this creates a habit of perfectionism.

[786:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Unfortunately, perfectionism is actually just insecurity. It's not a standard of excellence. It is a behavior pattern, however, that most people have a very hard time breaking out of I was an extremely judgmental, perfectionist for years. That's why my business wasn't making more than 500 to

[792:47] Speaker 1: $1,000 a month

[793:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: is because of how judgmental I was of other people that were out there. How judgmental I was of all of these marketers that make claims and then don't deliver about I was judgmental about all these people that that they take time and they're not there. They ignore their families. I was judgmental of these people that were were abusive that we're using manipulative and coercive tactics to grow their business. Which by the way, I don't recommend that you do.

[803:01] Speaker 1: If you're here today with me, you're going

[803:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: to learn how to actually grow your business without any slimy tactics. Without any of that, that crap, for lack of a better word,

[806:26] Speaker 1: I refuse

[807:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: to build a business that operates like a slime ball. I refuse to see my standards of excellence that are unshakable

[809:51] Speaker 1: have to do with me, not

[811:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: operating in manipulation, not operating in coercion, intimidation, pressuring people.

[813:43] Speaker 1: But my own

[815:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: judgment towards those people that were doing those things, things that I never wanted to do

[816:48] Speaker 1: was what was stopping me in my business. And that I had a level of

[818:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfectionism because of how I grew up. If I didn't do everything perfect. I was taught that I wasn't worthy of love.

[821:12] Speaker 1: If I didn't obey immediately

[821:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: and do everything perfect. And if I ever made mistakes, I was taught that I wasn't

[822:39] Speaker 1: good enough to have the things that I desired. How many of y'all have grew up this way? How many of y'all,

[826:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're watching this right now are really pissed off at what I'm saying? And this is kind of rubbing you wrong, and you're, you're a little

[828:28] Speaker 1: offended? Yep, that's okay. That's okay. If people are upset by this, I get it. Because you've, you've been raised and taught that judgment, and

[833:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfectionism is

[834:10] Speaker 1: what keeps you safe. And truthfully, those,

[836:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: those parts of you have been a protector in your life. So I want to actually honor that I used to say something that I need to apologize for. And I need to retract that you need to actually kill the judgmental and perfectionistic parts. So you know, you don't,

[840:15] Speaker 1: I don't say I don't believe that anymore. I believe that they actually can help you. I believe that they actually can be helpful. But here's what it is.

[844:41] Speaker 1: Many of us have the volume turned up on our judgmental and perfectionistic parts. And we have the volume turned down of our action taking parts. And so what we can actually learn to do

[849:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: is we can learn to manage our beliefs and manage our actions by lowering the volume that's what I mean by lowering the standards that you have lowering the volume in your life. Have your judgmental parts

[854:54] Speaker 1: and your perfectionistic parts. Here's the thing. You bet your you bet your butt I'm judgmental of people who scam other people on the internet.

[858:41] Speaker 1: Because I have a standard for my life that refuses to do that. You bet I'm judgmental towards child sex trafficking. Something I want to eradicate, destroy and get rid of, because there ain't no value for that on planet Earth.

[864:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: But well we have to do is look internally and say, Okay, how is the judgment that I have towards myself and other people preventing me from taking action in my business? Now there's some of you this isn't connecting. You're like Jeremiah,

[867:47] Speaker 1: what the heck

[868:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: does any of this have to do with growing your email list? Can you get to the damn topic already? Stop wasting my time.

[870:14] Speaker 1: Stop talking about your butt about mindset and actually give me the strategy. I get it. I totally get it. I understand. I understand. I understand where you're coming from.

[874:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: But we can't get to that until we actually talk about this.

[875:27] Speaker 1: Because if you're if if I give you

[876:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: the strategy and you are physically incapable of actually taking action in your business, I've wasted your time you've wasted your time and you're gonna go home and do nothing with it. But until you realize that actually taking action is a choice. And the reason why most of us struggle to take action

[881:50] Speaker 1: only has to do with our own habit framework of judgment, perfectionism, and standards

[884:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: of excellence that we need to lower in our lives, you're not going to be able to be successful, you're not going to be able to build your business.

[887:03] Speaker 1: I want you to,

[888:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want you to think about this. What if I this is just a hypothetical scenario, okay?

[890:33] Speaker 1: What if you launched your business? And you

[893:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: didn't have content to give people after you launched your email list, and you didn't have something to send people, and you didn't have a course to sell them? And you didn't have all the pieces together?

[897:28] Speaker 1: Why would that be so bad? Like, like, why is that thought of being unprepared? In your mind, stopping you so much. Why do you need to be prepared all the time? Before you start things? You can either answer

[904:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: that for yourself or internally

[905:16] Speaker 1: and an answer. Where did this belief come from? That only perfect people make six and seven figures in a coaching course business. See, that's the issue,

[910:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: we end up comparing ourselves, you might compare yourself to me and say, Jeremiah, you're so well spoken, you got this all mapped out. Here's the thing I got. I don't have any

[912:14] Speaker 1: notes for what I'm saying today.

[912:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wasn't planning out anything that I was gonna say. And that's by design.

[915:14] Speaker 1: And I got to that point by actually doing it and saying the wrong thing more often. And saying the wrong thing. More often,

[918:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, this is funny. Wanda, what if by waiting on creating content was actually walking by faith, and waiting to bring exactly what people need? who show up needs? Yeah, no, that's, that's us. Honestly, Wanda, that's using religion as a cop out for laziness.

[923:09] Speaker 1: It is. Because

[923:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's the thing that see what we're doing is now we're bringing behind

[925:09] Speaker 1: of okay. I have to walk by faith. In order to be successful,

[928:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have to not do anything, and it has to be perfect. It has to be exactly what people need. Or I won't put it out there. Because it's not a standard of excellence.

[930:46] Speaker 1: I have to perform at a certain level to be good enough, according to what God tells me I need to do, I have to be perfect enough, or I can't put anything out there.

[935:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, and so I get it. Many of us have been trained and taught in that way of thinking, to not do anything until we until we know for certain, it's exactly how it needs to be.

[938:56] Speaker 1: And so you've been waiting 510 15

[940:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: years,

[941:03] Speaker 1: for things to be exactly

[941:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: how they need to be in your life, for things to be exactly how you think that and you're calling it a walk of faith. I'm not here to judge anybody's faith, I get that you go on your own journey. But here's the thing, you're responsible for the information that you received today, you're responsible for the information that I'm giving you, and I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you that you need

[947:13] Speaker 1: to create an offer that grows your email list without without having your content planned out. Without having your coaching program figured out without knowing what to say to people.

[955:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: You need to actually step out see that's what I would actually consider a real Walk of Faith is stepping out when you don't know how it's going to turn out if we read in the Bible about Peter when he was invited out of the boat to walk on the water with Jesus. Jesus didn't say wait until you feel certain I have it all mapped out and you plan out the waters and you know for certain base scientifically that you are going to be able to walk on water. Now the thing is, is he had to step

[962:14] Speaker 1: out of the boat and into doing what he was called to

[963:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: do with certain death

[964:10] Speaker 1: awaiting him in the coaching and online course space, this is where most people are. This is a cliff right

[969:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: here, and they're sitting, and they're standing on the edge of a cliff. This is their six figure success.

[971:49] Speaker 1: And this right here is certain death, according to their mind, certain failure. And what they're doing

[973:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: is they're trying to build a bridge to get across. But the truth is, it's impossible to actually build that bridge, you have to

[976:08] Speaker 1: jump. And so most people

[977:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: believe, well, I don't have the strength to jump across that big of a bridge, I'm gonna die, I don't have the knowledge to jump across the bridge, I don't have the time to jump across that bridge to six figures.

[981:06] Speaker 1: I don't have the structure, I don't have the money, I don't have the safety net, to do all this. And so they sit right here for five to 10 to 15 years,

[985:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: when all they needed to do was jump. And here's the truth that most people don't realize, none of this matters at all. You already are good enough right now, to build a six figure coaching business, you already have inside of you everything that you need to make six and seven figures.

[991:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'm not talking about toxic positivity and spiritual bypassing here to where you basically fake it till you make it and try to convince yourself of it. Even when it's not true that it

[994:01] Speaker 1: is I'm talking you got to you got to take the jump when you're scared when you feel sick to your stomach, when it is impossible, when failure appears to be almost certain because there is

[1001:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: no such thing as a guarantee in business, if you're looking for a guarantee,

[1002:21] Speaker 1: quit on your dream of building a coaching business, quit

[1004:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: on your dream of ever making any money online. If you're waiting for things to be certain, if you're waiting until you have enough money to take the leap, if you're waiting until you have the structure put together. If you're waiting until you have enough time if you're waiting until you have enough knowledge. If you're waiting until you have enough strength

[1010:20] Speaker 1: to jump. That's most people this is 99% of coaches right here. And the 1% who actually succeed. All they did was jump even when they were terrified.

[1015:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Even when they felt sick to their stomach, even when it looked impossible. Even when failure was almost certain and a guarantee they still took

[1018:02] Speaker 1: a leap of faith. Now I understand I

[1019:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: y'all have been through a lot you guys on here have been through so much in your life. I'm not trying to disqualify dishonor, your trauma, your pain, the abuse, the abuse, you've been through the heartache,

[1022:50] Speaker 1: the hurt all of that at all. Okay. I'm not,

[1024:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not trying to invalidate

[1026:01] Speaker 1: your experience. But what I'm saying is, you now today become responsible for the information that you know. And so you have a choice to make today. Are you going to jump

[1031:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: over to six figures even while you feel this way? And you stop waiting for all this stuff to line up? Or are you going to try to build a bridge with all this stuff for the next five to 10 to 15 years?

[1034:00] Speaker 1: That's that's the that's the split in the road that most people are at that split in the road if you were if you were driving along

[1036:54] Speaker 1: a highway and the road splits right here. Right, here's our little highway and the road ends up splitting this way. I ended up splitting this way. You're right here today, this is you today. Okay, this is you today you can either decide to keep making your age be an excuse,

[1047:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can keep deciding to let your your lack of time be an excuse. You can keep deciding to let your feelings run and dictate your life. You can keep deciding to try to prove yourself to everybody. You can keep deciding to try to defend yourself

[1053:31] Speaker 1: and prove that

[1053:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're in right standing and try to prove that you're not doing the wrong things that you didn't say the wrong thing that you didn't mean something a certain way and that I'm operating out of this framework that listen, I get it. Maybe you've had abusers in your life that made you prove to them that you were good enough before you could

[1058:32] Speaker 1: succeed. I get it.

[1059:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I get it and you're operating out of that framework, you're operating out of this framework of needing to prove that you are good enough before you can go forward. I'm telling you right now you are good enough, right now. Nothing has to change in your life. Nothing has to change with how you do things. Nothing has to change with the approach that you take. Now, that might that might sound like really, Jeremiah didn't you just tell us like we need to take a leap of faith, we need to do that. That's what I'm saying. You're at this point right here. This is you today. And you can either decide to keep going on this path of your excuses. You can either side, if you're going on this path of your habits that are that are not

[1073:24] Speaker 1: helping you succeed. There are some of you right now that you have habits in your life that are anti success habits.

[1076:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Could be that you're eating a lot of sugar all the time. And it's and it's messing with your brain. Now, I'm not talking about weight loss, right? Because I could lose a few pounds, right? I'm not somebody that's talking about that I've been, I've been walking around I've been I've been working on my diet. That's one of the biggest reasons we got pregnant, we struggled to get pregnant because my diet wasn't an order. I was drinking a lot, I was eating a lot of sugar, and it was messing with my blood sugar, which then we found was affecting our ability to get pregnant. And so I had a goal to make that I had to change some habits. I had some excuses. Well, you know the sugar and the alcohol, it helps me write better copy. I had to break up with those excuses. I had to stop defending myself.

[1087:53] Speaker 1: And trying to prove that I was in right standing. And just go forward. I had to learn to let go. Of all of the attachments that I had in my life. And this is one of the

[1093:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: biggest reasons why people struggle to succeed to grow their email list is they are so

[1095:05] Speaker 1: attached to needing to control things that they are incapable of succeeding. At control is the single greatest

[1101:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: reason why coaches and course creators don't succeed. They're trying to control and manage and maintain what other people think about them. They're trying to control manage and maintain their time, their children, their family, their spouse, you might even be in a codependent relationship with somebody and you're or you're you're a caretaker and you're taking care of people. Or maybe you don't like what's going on in the world today. And you also you're spending all of your energy fighting against the political machine. All of this is related to

[1109:14] Speaker 1: control. And control

[1110:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: is the single greatest enemy to financial success.

[1111:22] Speaker 1: How many y'all thought that controllers would actually would make you more financially successful?

[1114:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: How many of you thought that the more that you could control what other people thought about you what they think about you what they do that then your finances would go up? Nope, this behavior actually produces negative finances. The number one thing that actually produces positive finances

[1119:22] Speaker 1: is letting go go of the outcome, letting go of how you want and expect things to go. Being willing to experiment,

[1124:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: make it all just a big experiment to just have fun. And I want to take you back to the time when you were a kid.

[1126:56] Speaker 1: I want to take you back to the time when you were willing to try something.

[1129:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you didn't care how the outcome was, you didn't fear consequences. It's the one of the greatest reasons why people struggle as they fear

[1131:10] Speaker 1: consequences. What's fun about this, I've

[1132:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: been talking for an hour and 10 minutes about mindset.

[1134:07] Speaker 1: And there's people that are watching this right now that are pissed off. Stay pissed off, stay upset.

[1137:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: The reason that you're pissed off is because you believe that if you offered to teach people how to grow their email list, that you would have already got to the point already that Jeremiah is doing it lacks integrity, and that he's a liar. And that he is actually bait and switch to you into some kind of stupid BS, New Age mindset training that you don't need to hear.

[1143:25] Speaker 1: Great. Keep thinking that way. Keep thinking that way that's directly related to your need for control.

[1147:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's directly related to the judgment that you have towards me about what I'm not doing good enough that you would have done differently if you were in my shoes, and how you plan on doing differently. If you go to build your business, that behavior in that mindset is anti, what is actually going to produce results, when you learn to let go of trying to control other people, and you stop worrying about other people doing what they should. And you focus on what can I do in my life to succeed, you will see more success. But here's the thing. That's the opposite of coaching, right? That's the opposite of the course business you got into this business because you've got opinions and ideas that can help people. And so you want to this is why judgment and all this is actually not a bad thing. When I'm coaching my clients, I am judgmental of their of their sales copy in a loving and kind way to point and direct them to what they need to change what they need to do differently. You might even beg to argue I've been judgmental the last hour and

[1164:48] Speaker 1: 10 minutes towards people. So that's why I'm saying there's a there's a time and a place for it. It's not bad energy.

[1167:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if you're if it's stopping you from taking action in your business, because you can't control the outcome, because you believe that things have to be a certain way in order for you to succeed. I'm here to tell you this, there is no such thing as one certain guaranteed path to success, and the online coaching

[1172:15] Speaker 1: course space. There's not

[1173:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a lot of other great trainers out there there, they will help you

[1174:12] Speaker 1: succeed. But they don't teach you the way that I do.

[1175:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the way that I teach is that it comes from your mindset first, and then your actions will follow. And this is why it becomes fun. This is where the whole fun way approach comes from. Right? Is it's all just one big experiment. So what I'm going to draw here

[1180:02] Speaker 1: is it's a beaker of like, chemicals.

[1182:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: We got some chemicals. It's bubbling up, right. And we got we got some test tubes right here.

[1184:28] Speaker 1: We got like a test tube holder. We got these test tubes, and they're bubbling up with stuff and you're experimenting to see how it would work. Here's what I would invite you to do is this is where most people miss it is

[1189:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: no matter how successful you are. I've been in this business for 19 years, and it's all still an experiment. I'm still experimenting on all of you. Ha Welcome to my lab. I am a mad scientist today who is experimenting on all of you that are right here. And I didn't even tell you that I was before you came here.

[1194:26] Speaker 1: Now that may offend you, that may upset you. You may even think that that's a criminal activity. But the truth is, that behavior

[1197:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: is what produces six and seven figures in

[1198:07] Speaker 1: the coaching business is creating offers that promise people what they Want. So you make a promise of what people want. And then you experiment to see how they respond. You experiment to see the type of reaction that they give.

[1205:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you don't attach yourself or worry about, is this going to work out? Is this going to produce negative consequences? Is this going to not produce the result that I want? Being so attached to that? That is what will stop you from success? So how do you grow your email list the fun way to 1000 people? Well, the idea is that you have to create opportunities. We're finally getting into the training, I promise, we're finally going into the training. And we're going to continue it in the VIP and the VIP bonuses give you a whole lot of great training as well for free, that dives even deeper into this. There's a lead magnet training, there's a Facebook ads training, there's a finding your niche training, all of that in the VIP upgrade for seven

[1218:00] Speaker 1: bucks. Okay. So what you do is you create opportunities for people to tell you what they want to see this is

[1225:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: where a lot of people they haven't flipped, is they think that they're growing their email list to sell to people. They think that they're growing their email list,

[1227:42] Speaker 1: to get people to

[1228:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: become their customers, they think that they're growing their email list to teach people and to coach people. No, the only reason you're actually growing your email list is to create opportunities for

[1231:41] Speaker 1: other people to tell you what they want. So this is why

[1235:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: mapping out your course, mapping out your training initially, is actually the worst possible thing that you can do is actually counter intuitive to this process. Okay, what was the number one thing that that we did so with Rick Pino and I did a podcast episode on this, some of you are going to really love this podcast. One of my clients told me that this unlocked them to a point that nothing, no single training I've ever done is unlocked for them. So I have a podcast that I do every single week, and I record trainings, this one's all about the mindset for financial abundance. This one's all about a million dollar coaching funnel. And this is the one that I'm specifically talking about. The million dollar coaching funnel, it's over on my YouTube is 25 minutes long. And what I'm doing is I'm actually walking you through step by step start to finish the entire funnel that we built for Rick Pino that helped him go from zero to over a million dollars a month. Here's what changed everything with that. So he was making about 40k a month. But what actually took everything up to that million dollar a month level was we stopped making offers that taught people what we wanted to teach them. We stopped trying to give people what we wanted to teach them. And we just started creating offers for the sole purpose

[1257:25] Speaker 1: of listening to people to hear what

[1259:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: they want, and the marketplace told us to pivot in the direction of songwriters who want to get their music heard by more people, they want to become a they want to win a double award or a Grammy Award as a songwriter. And so when we pivoted by listening to that's what people wanted, they wanted

[1264:41] Speaker 1: a path. Because

[1265:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Rick had helped a number of Grammy and Dove Award winning artists do that. So they wanted

[1266:47] Speaker 1: to know. Now, how do we do this, and when we started selling people on that dream, the business scaled exponentially. So this

[1270:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: brings us back to the way that you actually grow your email list. The fun way is you grow your email list for the sole purpose of listening to people and and and and creating opportunities for them to tell you what they want. How do they tell you what they want, in the form of a survey, in the form of an email back to you they reply back in the form of live events like this, all of these comments that we have all these chat messages, I'm gonna go through them and I'm going to read them afterwards and we're actually going to run them through our Artificial Intelligence algorithm that we use, and we're gonna process through what are the biggest issues and problems that people are dealing with? By listening to people why? Why do I do $7 Q and A's for people? Honestly, it's an ulterior motive.

[1284:10] Speaker 1: I, okay, when I'm in a zoom q&a with people, and I'm able to listen to their questions,

[1287:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's an opportunity for people to tell me what they want.

[1288:33] Speaker 1: And then I create

[1288:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: more offers that just promise what people want back to them. So that's what I did with this one. I had a ton of people asking me

[1292:36] Speaker 1: how to grow their email list to 1000 people. So I created this offer. That promise is what people want.

[1295:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: But all this is is an opportunity for me entirely selfishly.

[1297:22] Speaker 1: If I mean, if I'm, if I'm being honest, like,

[1298:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Y'all are not spending two grand with me right now, you spent seven bucks, you got the bonus trainings, you get the live q&a, that's awesome. I appreciate that. That's not gonna help, that's not going to, like pay my bills at all. I only care about people that invest 10s of 1000s of dollars with me, as far as what their their goals are. And when I teach, I only deliver that to those people. Okay? Now I care, I care about you, I care about y'all being here. But like, at the end of the day, whether you log off or buy from me or not to do nothing doesn't bother me, it doesn't affect me, I'm still gonna go eat a nice steak dinner and and go eat some Texas barbecue and, and we're going to be fine. Whether you like me or not, whether you agree with me or not. See, part of my methodology is I'm either going to, you're either going to fall in love with me, or I'm going to piss you off. We call this repel marketing, and repel marketing is an important thing to do. Most people struggle to do it because they're like, Well, I don't want to, I don't want to lose people. I don't want to push people away. Most of y'all are actually pushing the right people away and attracting the wrong people by not doing repel marketing. And if you're not, you will in the beginning, if you don't start doing it from the beginning. The algorithms when it comes to running paid ads are strategically designed to show content to people that actually want it. And so what we do is we build all of our offers to repel and push away anybody who is not a perfect fit for our business for our coaching. And what does this do this brings the cost of our advertising down by over 90%. So why would I spend? Why would I spend $100 on something when I can get it for $10 simply by using repel

[1327:51] Speaker 1: marketing. You get it.

[1329:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: If I don't use repel marketing, it's gonna cost me $100 To get the same result that repelling the right people and attracting the repelling the wrong people and attracting the right people will pretend dollars.

[1332:46] Speaker 1: And so as a business

[1333:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: owner, whether I want to so this might be there might be 100

[1334:05] Speaker 1: people over here,

[1335:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: or 1000 people over here. But if I don't segment out, the people that I can't help, if I'm trying to convince all of these people out there to like me, if I'm trying to help this whole group of people, like my business is going to suffer. This is what took our business to seven figures. To well, not seven, like I said not seven figures yet, but over $100,000

[1341:40] Speaker 1: A month

[1342:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: is by no longer caring about worrying about or even honoring people that don't spend at least $3,000 with our company.

[1345:48] Speaker 1: So while y'all are here,

[1346:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: while y'all are on this call, I appreciate that you guys are here, but the entire purpose of me being here is it all just to be one big giant, massive experiment for me to hear what people want for me to hear what people's desires are.

[1349:49] Speaker 1: Okay. Tada. And so, that's what you need to do. That's exactly the process that you need to do.

[1352:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: You need to create offers on a web page kind of like this

[1354:29] Speaker 1: with a landing page that give people what they want. That tell people what they want that guide and direct and lead people to what they want.

[1358:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: But how do you know what they want? If you don't have any of them with you see, that's that's the kind of Everybody asks, so we use as you we use two tools, we use a tool called jasper.ai. It's an artificial intelligence tool that allows us to do market research and figure out what people actually

[1363:44] Speaker 1: want. Before they sign up with us,

[1365:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: the artificial intelligence is able to create a simulation, based off of the questions that people have asked about what they want. And so for instance, all of you, who came in here filled out, what are your what is your biggest struggle? And what do you want to learn from Jeremiah? Well, I have all those answers here in a Word document.

[1371:18] Speaker 1: This is what some of you told me,

[1372:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: cost effective ways to find targeted traffic, how to grow an email list,

[1373:08] Speaker 1: how to do it strategically,

[1373:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: how to find people to be part of my list, the tech stuff writing copy, putting all this together the best practices, okay. And so then, in the pre trainings in this because by the way, the free trainings and the bonuses are all part of what you're getting here. In the pre trainings we got for pre trainings in here.

[1379:54] Speaker 1: We got the number one thing that stops core screeners from succeeding training,

[1381:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: we got the best ways to get people to join your email list training, we got making the best content to know what to say to your email to get some open training, we got the best platforms to use for your email list training, then if you upgraded to the

[1385:32] Speaker 1: VIP,

[1386:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: you got the recordings of this session, you got the recording to the VIP session, you're gonna get live access to the VIP session after this one right here. We might go a little bit over the top of the hour before we go into the VIP, but we'll do that. Then you also got all these five bonus trainings, finding your niche. There's a two hour training that I did that helps you find how to start a coaching business on the right foot. This is a training six figure lead magnet, how do you actually put together that landing page? How do you actually actually build

[1395:40] Speaker 1: an offer page. So for instance,

[1396:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: this right here is what we call an offer page. This is over here on my website, we use Squarespace

[1398:17] Speaker 1: as the tool that builds this. Okay. If you upgrade to the VIP, you get

[1400:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: bonus training number five funnel building tech training, how to get your OPT in funnel set up and how to use Squarespace and put all that together, you get the creative, creating effective Facebook ads, bonus training, exclusive training, that's from our High Level Mastermind on how to write Facebook ads, as well as the lead script out our six figure video ads, script training, bonus PDFs, the top 100 niches for coaches, and my high level irresistible offers that sell target customer roadmap of whom are you selling to, so you get all that steal for seven bucks

[1409:13] Speaker 1: by upgrading the VIP, okay. What I've just

[1410:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: been talking about leading up to this point in time, is what you need as the foundations to start to implement that together. And this is what you need to do, you need to create

[1413:49] Speaker 1: an offer that promises the desires of who you're going to coach of who you're going to train of who you're going to mentor. And so you build this out as a page in Squarespace. And then you connect the software MailChimp to it.

[1423:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when you use MailChimp, here's what we get to do, we get to log in here. And so when people sign up on your email list, you're able to send them emails that engage with them and that connect with them. And that deliver value and you invite people to engage with

[1427:43] Speaker 1: you such as you might be delivering people. How do you deliver the promises to

[1429:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: people? That's the question, right? It might be in the form of an ebook.

[1431:30] Speaker 1: You could make that today in

[1431:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Google Docs and export it as a PDF. And then send people the link to the Google doc when they sign up on your on your email list.

[1434:21] Speaker 1: And ebook that delivers a promised result and then connects people to your next offer. So here's the thing. You have to stack your offers. You have to actually make offers to people

[1439:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: that promise of results. And that can be in the form of an ebook, it could be in the form of a live zoom call like this, right? This is a live zoom call. So I'm I made an offer to you of a promised result of getting 1000 people on your email list. And now you're on a live zoom call with that promise results.

[1445:39] Speaker 1: And I've made a series of other offers to use the $7. VIP, right.

[1447:51] Speaker 1: I've also mentioned getting on the waiting list for my coaching program. Some of you want to know what my one on one coaching costs.

[1451:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Currently, on my website, it's $30,000. If you want to coach with me one on one, the minimum investment is $30,000. And you get one

[1453:55] Speaker 1: day with me

[1454:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: where we get to spend a day together going over your business, building your offers together crafting those offers, you get a year in my client growth accelerator, and you get lifetime access to all of my courses that I've created in our members area. Okay, so all the courses that we've created, such as Facebook and Instagram ads for total beginners. This is one of our live intensive VIP packages. We got monthly training archives. We meet monthly on zoom with an amazing group of coaches and course graders. How many of y'all that are on here in the comments are from the client growth accelerator? Let everybody know who is in the client growth accelerator in the comments. Who is actually in the client growth accelerator in the comments?

[1467:27] Speaker 1: Let people know let people

[1467:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: know how great it is how awesome it is. This is awesome. See, we got a number a client growth accelerator people hear this is awesome. So they're in the group coaching program. How many of y'all say is it worth the investment that you're that you're paying $3,000 a year?

[1472:54] Speaker 1: Is it worth $3,000 a year to be in that program. more than worth it breaks down to $250 a month. Okay. So what you get is

[1476:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: you get all of my courses you get and these are topically broken out like what you're actually going to learn how to do how to write the copy, you get to hop on the live calls that we do at 11am. On Monday mornings. We also do a once a month copywriting rewrite day. This is from our live copywriting rewrite day where I actually work with you to write your copy for your ads for your landing pages for your offers for your emails.

[1483:29] Speaker 1: Okay. You get all of the courses Tiktok ads Made Easy copywriting mastery.

[1486:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You get email marketing, the fun way, what do you actually put in all of your emails? virtual event playbook? How do you run virtual live events like this and know what to say, to help you script out exactly what to say? Funnel building made easy? How do you actually build out the funnel? I walk you through step by step slow enough that you can pause the video and watch how I'm actually building the funnel right here. How do you link the domain name? How do you add images to the page? How do you set up the email list? How do you set up Zapier and set up all these different tools they'll do that. So you get all of those all of these courses that

[1495:56] Speaker 1: are in here. website building

[1497:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: on a launch Fast Track social media ads that work irresistible offers that sell social media content creation Made Easy.

[1499:44] Speaker 1: Easy course Creation Blueprint

[1500:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: how to make a course transformational coaching made simple the power of other people's stages. You get all of that in the client growth accelerator with me. But here's the cool part.

[1503:26] Speaker 1: For those of you who are saying, Listen, I'm

[1503:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: not I'm not ready yet for that, Jeremiah, I'm new. That's what I want to invite you to do is spend five days with me. For our event this next week, called Launch your six figure coaching offer. We're going to spend five days together like this, going over how to launch the perfect offer that will take your coaching business from zero to a realistic 20 to $30,000 per month even if you're just starting out. Even if you're not tech savvy and nobody's ever heard of you. Honestly, it's gonna take me more than the time that we have left to walk you through crafting an entire offer and how to do that. So we walk you through how we're using Jasper AI, how we're even using the brand new chat GPT which is a free artificial intelligence engine that anybody can use. For instance, watch this. Write a sales letter for post death planning to help families not deal with conflict after a loved one passes away.

[1521:08] Speaker 1: For people that need help, planning and fighting with family members who are trying to take advantage of them. I asked the artificial intelligence to write this out.

[1525:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: losing a loved one's never easy, it can be more difficult when conflicts arrive. That's why post death planning is so important. It can help you avoid unnecessary conflicts by taking the time to plan ahead and make sure your loved ones assets are distant distributed, according to their wishes,

[1529:13] Speaker 1: burial arrangements.

[1529:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: This helps you bring your family together in a difficult time and ensure that your loved ones memory is honored. Unfortunately, most family members try to take advantage to get their larger share. But with post death planning, you can protect yourself and your family from these kind of challenges. So the AI the artificial intelligence actually writes all this up. Okay. So that's where we put together a you know, and you could even do like a masterclass is what you offer. You can even do just some videos.

[1537:33] Speaker 1: You can even do audios. So I've seen people do this,

[1539:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: they make an offer her a promised result with an eBook, a live zoom call a masterclass a video training or an audio. And then they put that together on Squarespace. And they let people sign up with their name and email address for that offer. Then we run paid ads to go find people that actually want what that offer is, and we just make them more offers. This is the process of scaling and growing your coaching business to six figures. This is the process that I'm doing right now, if you're reverse engineering what I'm doing, I made a post this week, if you want to make money in your business, just do what I do, just copy what I'm doing, and apply it to your business. Okay, so what I'm doing is I make an offer for a promise result of a

[1551:20] Speaker 1: live zoom call.

[1552:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: People know how to grow their email list the fun way, and I'm just giving people what they want. I'm just giving people exactly they want and promising exactly what they want. And promising the exact process that I'm going to teach you how to

[1555:53] Speaker 1: do. And I even disqualify people

[1557:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: that are perfectionist that judge people's worth by how they look how professional they sound, because honestly, if that's you, you are not going to get value from me, you're going to be dissatisfied with what I'm saying, you're going to write me a nasty email, you're going to be pissed off and want and wish that I was off the internet. Now, here's the deal, all of our clients that we work with and the methodology that I teach, and this is what I'm going to go over this is the

[1563:19] Speaker 1: topic of

[1563:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: next week, launch your coaching offer. You have to build a coaching offer.

[1565:35] Speaker 1: You have to build a strategic coaching offer that connects with

[1568:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: the desires of those that you can coach. So the six steps that we teach people to do

[1570:01] Speaker 1: are as follows. Step number one. You find your niche. You find your niche, your niche and is who are you helping? Who are the people that you're helping with your coaching. If you don't have the answer to this, you have to start there. You literally can't do anything else until you figure that out. Right? Then you write your offer copy. And you use

[1580:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: artificial intelligence as the second step to do this. Okay, so Jasper is a paid engine that we use a call it does cost money, it is the best engine when it comes to artificial intelligence copywriting. Most of you can use the $50 a month version of boss mode, but I'm going to give you a free trial of it. Let me just go over here to my

[1586:39] Speaker 1: affiliate back end. Log in here as an affiliate. Here's my affiliate link. Okay,

[1588:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm going to copy this affiliate link right here. If you want the affiliate link, right me,

[1590:29] Speaker 1: tell me tell me that you want the link.

[1593:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so what we're doing is we're doing a combination of Jasper and we're doing a combination of of chat GPT let me go post this in the comments as well. If anybody wants the link, let me know. Let me know. I'm gonna post it here over in the chat right here for Jasper the Jasper trial. Okay, Jasper is the best engine when it comes to creating offer copy in your business. What we're doing right now is we're using a combination chat GPT and Jasper because I can do longer commands like this and chat GPT and it's free and it comes up with copy like this. Now here's what I would do

[1602:27] Speaker 1: reword the above, to sell a, a coaching program for a parent of three kids whose father died and is fighting with their brother to split assets, but the brother is already wealthy and has a ton of money and is trying to hurt the other family members. This is for people after that, who need help, and guidance of how to fight fair in this form of conflict. Okay, so we're using the AI right here to write this up. Okay, see, it's still talking about post death planning.

[1619:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you find yourself in a situation where you're fighting with your brother of your father's assets, it can be overwhelming and stressful. It's important to remember that you don't face this challenge alone, our coaching program can help you with a difficult guidance and support to navigate this difficult process. And maybe the brother has a coach too, that's helping him right.

[1624:13] Speaker 1: Maybe that's why they're fighting so hard. Okay, so rewrite this. But instead of stead of calling it post death, planning, call it general conflict solution. Okay. Funeral conflict coaching. Or post funeral, family conflict coaching.

[1635:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: losing loved ones never easy can be more difficult and complex, right. That's why post funeral family conflict coaching is so important. It can help you avoid unnecessary conflicts to ensure your loved ones wishes are carried out in a way that's fair. For everyone involved. This is great to see by asking those multiple questions, we're able to dial in some of those ideas, some of those some of what we're trying to sell to people, then we can actually use this to say, okay, what are some objections people would have to this type of coaching? Can you make a list of objections that people might have as to why they are skeptical about this, they will may not be aware that they need post conflict coaching or the value some people are hesitant to discuss family issues with a stranger, they may feel that they can handle the conflict on their own, and they're concerned about the cost and time they might be skeptical of the effectiveness. See, so this, what I'm saying is, you can actually discover what your target customer wants, before you actually have people in your ecosystem by using artificial intelligence. Now, this isn't perfect. This isn't going to be like, perfect. I saw somebody make a uh, honestly idiotic dumb comment about the fact that Jasper is subjectively the best. Listen, everything is subjective. Here's why that's dumb, because an AI is never going to be as good as a person. And there's always going to be different strengths and stuff that things have. But what it's going to do is it's going to get you to where you're actually doing something to where you're actually doing something and you're not sitting around waiting for the perfect solution. If you're waiting for perfect copy to launch your offer, you're going to be waiting forever. And so a you need to get over yourself and stop waiting for perfection to actually launch and start your business. You're not going to find anything that's perfect. You're not ever going to find anything that's perfect chat, GPT or Jasper or any AI tools that are out there. They all have different strengths and weaknesses. And listen, I'd love to see something pop up in the market. That's actually better than Jasper, I have not found anything. And here's what I'm going to say is that if you're a coach, and you're a course creator, and you try to build your coaching business without using artificial intelligence, good luck.

[1672:11] Speaker 1: Because my clients will eat you for breakfast.

[1673:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: My clients will literally destroy you and put you out of business not because they're gonna come after you or harm you. But because they are going to succeed so much better than you ever could without AI. Imagine I just want you to think back to there were people in the 1970s that were resistant to companies using computers and they went under. We are at an AI era Evolution right now when it comes to marketing that refusing to use AI because of your pride and ego that you think, well, no robot is going to replace me is idiotic. We are past the time for you to fight that battle, okay? You would have had to fight that battle back in the 80s. For to even have relevancy. And people did try to fight it. And people are still continuing to try to fight against artificial intelligence, and it taking jobs away from good people, here's the thing, it's just going to change jobs. We're now those people who had those jobs, they now have a job learning how to program AI. And that's what the next generation is doing. My son is going to be born here in three weeks, and we're going to be teaching him how to program AI, from the time that he's born. We're going to be teaching him how to program artificial intelligence from the, from the time that he can, that he can walk, and that he can learn and start to comprehend that stuff. Obviously, not like when he's born, right, but he's gonna be in an ecosystem around artificial intelligence and marketing. And if you understand AI and marketing, nothing is impossible for you when it comes to building your email list. And it's so much funner than trying to figure it all out in your brain and overthinking when you could just ask a robot what to do, because these robots are extremely accurate. Now, here's the cool part about this. Yes, it's not going to be perfect, okay. But it's good enough for you to launch. It's good enough for you to put it out there. And so this is where what you want to do is you want to take this offer copy when you're about 50 to 70%. Good

[1704:16] Speaker 1: enough.

[1705:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you want to you want to actually build a landing page,

[1706:00] Speaker 1: right? You actually want to build a funnel. You actually want to build this

[1708:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: in. We use Squarespace for ours. The only funnel building platforms I like are either Squarespace or Click Funnels Click Funnels is a lot more expensive. So you're looking at for the version that everybody needs, you're going to need to spend at least $300 a month on Click Funnels versus the version that everybody needs of Squarespace that does like 90% of the same stuff. Is is a lot cheaper than that. Okay. Squarespace is we're looking at where's the pricing

[1717:10] Speaker 1: here. Bracing, bracing, pricing. They have their pricing hidden, maybe, oh, here it is.

[1720:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Monthly $33 a month, you don't need the business version of Squarespace 33 bucks a month. And if you're doing more than $1,000 a month in sales through that, you'll want to upgrade to the $36 month commerce level. That's so this is the one that we're using right now. This is the one that we're using in my business right now. So we have actually been able to save our budget that we would normally spend on advertising, because we don't use Click Funnels because we use the most cost effective solutions. If you want to use the best solutions out there, you're going to do a combination of Clickfunnels and Kajabi. Okay, click funnels and Kajabi are like the the Ferrari, the Rolls Royce. And then you combine that with MailChimp, you're looking at at least 800 to $1,000 and software's right there. What I teach you how to do is how to do it on less than less than $300 a month on site and software. Okay, using some of these other platforms that are out there, honestly, they are better platforms. I think Clickfunnels and Kajabi are better than Squarespace and think if it but your startup costs is $1,000 month. So you can start at less than $300 a month by following my system that I'm doing, okay. And then we use thinkific.com to house and host all of our coaching content. So all of our trainings are right here. All of our upsells, all of our VIP upsell, it's all housed right here on a Thinkific site that we built, that's very easy to navigate, very easy to go through and find the lessons. By the way, if you're stuck on mobile, and you have these three lines right here, and you're like, how do I find the rest of the trainings, click on the three lines, you'll find them right here. Here's what's cool is we're starting to do this as well with our coaching is we're starting to put full lesson transcripts in here. So this is an entire transcript of what I taught unedited, from this content about effective email marketing, about what you actually say in your email. This one I actually walked you through the process of using AI to write an entire email. This is the process that we've used to write emails for my mom's business. I write all the emails for her business for her and it's generating $20 million in her business. And it's it's all done with artificial intelligence. We use all AI to do this for her stock investment Academy and it sells People on this by writing emails using AI. Using Jasper, we use Jasper to do this. And so Jasper is an invaluable tool to your business. But that's what's awesome is this new chat GPT app just popped up recently. And it's free. And it's almost good enough. It's almost to the point of what we want it to do, right? We can have it right video ad scripts, write a post,

[1766:51] Speaker 1: funeral, family conflict planning video ad that uses this four step framework. Okay, then we're gonna go over to our our video ads course. We make these just like tick tock ads to. Okay, so the four steps are.

[1775:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: By the way, you got all of this, if you upgrade to the VIP, what I'm just showing you right now, this training is actually part of our paid program. It's a 45 minute training on how we use Jasper to actually craft all our video ads. For seven bucks, you got it. Using this for this four step framework

[1782:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: attention grabbing question that frames the solution, who you are your qualifications sentence that tells them what you offer and a call to action. And now this is a script that you could use to run as a video ad. Are you struggling to keep peace among the family members at a loved one's funeral. We get it. It's difficult when grief and loss happen. We've helped 1000s of families solve conflicts and move forward after the funeral to become closer together and to create the family life that they want. I put together a comprehensive family conflict coaching program that will help you and your family effectively communicate through your differences. And with my guidance and support, you can expect to see huge improvement in your family's relationship and decrease conflict. It's designed to be accessible to families at any stage of the grieving process. So don't let grieving tear your family apart, click the link to this program and register for my family conflict solution. So some of you are like I don't know what to put on my social media, I don't know what to write for my offers. The AI actually helps you write it and you tweak it just a little bit to do that.

[1800:06] Speaker 1: Right a Facebook, Facebook ad, right Facebook ad copy for the above. So this is

[1803:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is actually where this struggles is it struggles to actually know these frameworks for Facebook ad copy. So what I would do is I would actually copy this

[1805:24] Speaker 1: into Jasper.

[1806:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we have a recipe that we actually created. It's one of the most downloaded Jasper recipes. called perfect offer copy for coaches, course graders, authors and trainers. It's been downloaded 859 times and it's designed to help you break open the psychological needs and the desires of people that go through your offers. It uses AI to get you to the point where it's extremely accurate and so that when you launch it, you can trust that it's going to get you to the place where you're not going to lose as much money now is it going to repel certain people? Absolutely. But it's gonna attract the right ones. So we could put this right here and we can have the AI run through it and come up with their biggest fears. When a loved one passes away. It's difficult and painful grieving and mourning, but the emotions manifest in

[1820:40] Speaker 1: different ways. What are they afraid of? They're afraid, well, that's different. That's not a good one.

[1822:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sometimes it gives you a really crappy results. Two people are afraid of death. That is the end of the series some feel grief also as those fears, top three frustrations is a lack of closure even when the the funeral has been held. There's an underlying feeling of incompleteness and emptiness and this can lead family members to be regretful to not having more time with their loved ones. See so this allows you it actually it actually is guiding you through the empathy that you need to actually create your offer. And so if I do this I'm gonna skip ahead and I'm gonna say create pass copy based on the above. P A S stands for problem agitate solution. It's hard to keep peace among family members. They struggle with conflict and emotional offer complement conflict. Right a Facebook ad, right.

[1835:24] Speaker 1: Facebook ad copy based on the above are you struggling to keep peace? I'm a certified Media. Okay, now, this is the problem. It's pulling from this right here and it thinks that's the Facebook ad. So we're going to put those three stars there and we're going to try to get

[1840:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is why Jasper is better than using chat GPT is because you can actually go through and really do this well

[1842:08] Speaker 1: convert, convert the above to a basement dad. grieving the loss of a loved one

[1844:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: can be incredibly difficult families often struggle with conflict and it's hard. If your family struggling I'm here to help with this program

[1846:05] Speaker 1: I'm gonna go back here to convert the above actually, let's

[1849:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: run it. Let's run it back down the Jasper recipe, write some headlines for the above how to keep peace in your home after a loved one's death. That didn't apply. If there's nothing that actually applies. It doesn't matter what you're doing. We delete it, we go back and we try it again.

[1855:34] Speaker 1: We go. Value Proposition. All right, right PHS for the above.

[1858:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Families are often fraught with disagreements that can lead to fights and disagreements and arguments. It's hard to keep the peace after a funeral has been held. There can be an underlying feeling of incompleteness and emptiness I specialize in helping Yep, perfect. So we're going to take this or and do convert the above to a Facebook ad. Are you struggling with conflict at your family's death, it can be difficult to keep the peace of the home at family conflict where I'm here to help through my concert friends and program. So you could edit this to be the copy for your Facebook ad. And for your offer that you actually put out there. Then you can take this back into here and you could do

[1868:46] Speaker 1: basically the same question, write a four step video ad using this framework base the video ad off of all of this content.

[1874:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you're able to talk to it like a person like a like a like a human, the AI and it'll actually give you this and that's writing the video out in a much better way. Are you struggling to keep the peace after your family members with your family members after a loved one's funeral? Hi, I'm a certified family mediator with 10 years of experience in helping families navigate the grief and loss and I've helped countless families find resolution and moving forward in their funeral. I offer a comprehensive family coaching conflict program. And you could do once this, rewrite the above add script to invite someone to download a free ebook to learn about this. Are you struggling to keep pace with your family? I'm a certified mediator. This is your video ad script difficult waters that helped them navigate. To help families deal with this I've created a free ebook that covers my comprehensive family conflict family planning program. This ebook guides you and your family through an effective conflict resolution techniques. With my guidance I can help. You can expect marked improvements in your family. It's designed to be accessible for families at any stage. Don't let this funeral conflict tear you apart, click the link and download my free ebook. So then that sends people to a page where you can say write a sales letter based on the above to sell this people to sign up for the ebook. And you put that copy on a page, you build out the landing page in the funnel. And then you promote it through your social media content through your advertising campaigns into your email list. And that is the cycle that you use to grow your email list. You create offers that people in your niche actually want. And you lead them to sign up for those offers to get on your email list and you come up with the words to use with those offers using artificial intelligence.

[1904:58] Speaker 1: So that's,

[1905:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's going to lead me to exactly what I'm gonna go over with you to do. That's the most important step is actually creating your offer. And we need more time than what we had today. And yes, we're going to be going into the VIP q&a. We're going to answer a lot of questions from you on this. We're going to help guide you through this process. But if you want to jump in with us this coming week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, from 7pm to 8pm. It's going to be one hour a day. It's totally free. It doesn't cost anything. Okay. See, I'm giving you our entire system for five days of how to launch a six figure coaching offer. Here's what we're gonna go over during those five days. We're going to develop your perfect offer. I'm going to walk you through the entire process of developing an offer that's not just good And failing, but it's actually going to attract the right people. We're going to help you work on your you're finding your niche writing your offer, copy and coming up with that language on day one, then we're going to talk about how do you actually position it for maximum profit and impact. So positioning is important, you have to position yourself as an authority in your market, as a leader in your market, as somebody can look to for professional guidance.

[1928:57] Speaker 1: And you don't need a

[1929:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: track record or a result to do so. You don't need to be an expert to do so. That's the part that a lot of people miss, oops, my cat is walking all over my computer.

[1932:39] Speaker 1: You don't have to be an expert, you don't need to have a big following.

[1933:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: To be able to position your offer in a way that produces the most amount of impact and profit. Okay? This is what separates those that flopped and those that are profitable. Now, day three, we're going to talk about what you actually say, verbally, in your ebook, in your masterclass in your offer, to actually get people to take it to actually get people to sign up for it. How do you actually write the words out? And what do you actually say, in your ads and in your copy? And what do you actually say that gets people to buy from you, we're gonna go over that on day three.

[1944:43] Speaker 1: Then day four, we're

[1944:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to talk about putting it on autopilot. You don't need to be a tech guru to do this. To put technology to work for you. You don't need to have a lot of money to do this. You don't need to hire people, their strategic ways to use technology for less than $300 a

[1949:06] Speaker 1: month. The combination of MailChimp, Squarespace Thinkific, Zapier and Google Drive, are what are

[1953:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: the tools that we have used to automate our business where we only need to work five to 10 hours a week, and how you only need to work five to 10 hours a week to be able to see those results as well. And then day five, are reaping massive financial rewards, how do we bring this all together to actually get people to buy from you so that you're not in feast and famine, you're not in struggle, but you actually have consistency, you're not going through a launch cycle, because that's the thing. There's a lot of great people out there that teach this, but they teach you how to like, hustle, hustle, hustle, launch and feast or famine, the way that we've developed is in a way where you are consistently bringing in revenue, month after month after month. And you don't have to show up. If you want to take three months off, you can. If my wife and I decided to take three months off for our baby coming in this month, we're still bringing in, I believe the lowest we'll make will be 35,000 a month. Okay, so $35,000 a month if I don't work a single hour for the next three months.

[1970:52] Speaker 1: How many you want that? How many you want to be able to do that.

[1972:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that you can design your life the way that you want. So that you can create the life that you want, so that you can bring in more sales and more paid clients. In the coaching business. Even if you're just starting out. You're like, well, Jeremiah, I just learned about this right here, how can I bring in sales, you don't need to wait a month or two months to do this. Most clients that we work with, usually have about a 90 day initial cycle before they start seeing money coming

[1979:04] Speaker 1: in. Okay.

[1979:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's usually about 90 days, from the time they they meet me until they start making this amount of money because it usually takes them that long to work on their mindset to learn the stuff that they don't know. And then to put it into action and apply it. And that's what we teach you and that's what we're going to mentor you on during these five days together. And so, while my coaching program is an open and my one on one coaching is over $30,000 This is the next best thing that I can offer you is these five days together is to spend these five days with me next week to go through this. Now will there be recordings for you to go over? No,

[1990:51] Speaker 1: there will not be but you can buy them

[1992:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: for 27 bucks. Okay. So if you register for this free event, no, there won't be recordings will the recordings will be taken down the next week. So they will there will be recordings for at least like a couple of days for you to watch. But not beyond that. Okay, so if you register for this event, you'll be taken to another page with my it's another VIP upsell and it's coming pletely different than the one for this one, and it expires, register in less than 48 hours. And it's like 38 hour, 34 hours you

[2002:23] Speaker 1: got now to save big on the

[2003:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: VIP, it's normally and it's going to be $197 When we launched the five day program, okay? It's $27, if you purchase before the end of Monday, so you get five days of coaching with me. You get all these bonus trainings getting unstuck. This is what I actually have to record this weekend for you. I haven't even recorded the bonus yet that I'm promising you. But it will be in their mindset coaching for quote coaches and course creators, seven figure uplevel coaching fun and freedom new stress free approach to business, offer Launchpad recordings, this alone is worth the $27. This is a live event that I did for my high level coaching group, eight hours to work on the nuances of launching your offer, you get lifetime access to all those bonuses, lifetime access to the five days of recordings, and lifetime access to the recordings of the VIP sessions afterwards. So you'll be able to ask me questions for an hour each day

[2019:14] Speaker 1: about your business. So we're not opening

[2020:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: up the doors to my coaching program until next year, my group coaching program and it is $3,000 those that actually want to jump into this. But if you want to get on the fast track, to be able to jump into our group coaching program, what you can do is the next best thing is these five days that we're going to spend together absolutely free. And if you want to take that to the next level, upgrading to the VIP for $27, to be able to get all of your questions answered, and to work with me through your business to be able to grow your email list and to get more clients because this is the number one thing that you need to do. Before you get more clients with paid ads and grow your email list. You have to actually

[2032:05] Speaker 1: create an offer, you actually have to create an offer. And so that's that's

[2033:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: a bigger conversation than what we're able to cover. Today on this, I've given you the foundations to see how to do that. We're going to now go through with you how to launch your six figure coaching offer. During these five days together, it's completely free. I would love to have you join me. If you're on here. Some of you are registered for this. There are some of you as well, that are in the in the comments. Who

[2040:49] Speaker 1: maybe you you have been in a five day training with me.

[2042:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: How have the power of the last five day trainings that I've done been? If you've been in one with me,

[2044:29] Speaker 1: how how were they for you?

[2045:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And is the VIP worth it on this five day? Let them know in the chat? Let them know in the comments. Here's the link to actually upgrade to the VIP is right here for this training. But how have those five days been in the past? For

[2049:05] Speaker 1: those that are that are on here? How did you enjoy the five

[2050:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: days? So I have any of my client growth accelerator people on here? Do I have any people that are still on here, they might have logged off? I didn't actually tell them I need to stay on which is fine. By the way, none of the people that are actually from our accelerator are paid to endorse us at all. So they're not told that they have to be on these calls. So yeah. How were the previous

[2057:07] Speaker 1: five day events that we did? Were they good? Did they

[2058:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: help you? Were they at least worth the time to go through the training? Or was it just a waste

[2059:36] Speaker 1: of time? People are saying they're always worth it. I love it. I appreciate that.

[2061:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I thought I was I thought I was paying for that when I registered for the q&a for $7. No, no the seven the $7. And you're not getting you're not getting the five day for $7. That's, that's for today's one day deal. Okay, it's an additional $27 to get that five days. So here's the thing. For 34 bucks, I think that's a pretty good deal. If you sign up for the $7. Today, you sign up for the $27. For this, you're gonna get the one session with me after this. We're about to go to our VIP, I would say for $34. If it was a waste of time, I wouldn't have joined the client growth accelerator. Well, well, yeah, right. Exactly. See, I have an ulterior motive for it not being a waste of your time. If I can help you during this time, and help you get some results beforehand, then when they opened the doors to my accelerator and you're still here and you're still on my email list, and then you're ready to actually jump into this. Maybe you've made some money to be able to jump into it from what you're going to learn on this five day training. Okay, maybe you paid off some debt to be able to put it on a credit card to pay for it to pay the money. We fee $250 A month when we open the doors to that next year. And so, jumping into one of these five day trainings is going to be so valuable. And so important for you. I think to get started, Kathryn says, Will it be possible to see them later? I'm going to tell us wait, well, yeah, you're gonna have to upgrade to the VIP to watch them later. So that's $27 to get those recordings to watch later. Okay, the sessions will be online later, for up to a week. Awesome.

[2089:34] Speaker 1: Um,

[2089:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, how do you get in, first off, you're gonna get an email sent to you. If you're part of the client growth accelerator, I just send the link in the client growth accelerator group. So I'll share that with you guys in there. But we just had one of our clients go through and reverse engineer our funnel and brought in over $5,000 in sales, which is a $500 ad spend. And g Roar is actually one of our clients that I've known for a long time. And she's been in this for a while 4500 and sales, she spent $550 on ads and got five sales at the 997 level using the techniques that we're teaching in these five days. My client Dawn $35,000 a month in her business. Now she's on pace to seven figures. Before working with me, she was spinning her wheels. After the first call, she was able to bring clarity and bring it all together. Joshua Giles helped him scale a seven figure coaching business. Jeremiah is the best marketing strategy and offers he'll draw things out of you from a different angle. I have a background in marketing and sales. And he's next level and it's rare. We just got a testimony from somebody that said, a new coaching client that we're working with his name is Nathaniel Iverson. And I actually don't I don't have a copy of his his testimony. But I'll tell you what he said. And this is 100%. Honest to God. What he said on this is that he's worked with Madison Avenue copywriters. And that working with me is at least at that level of a Madison Avenue marketer, I think he might have said that I was a little bit like beyond that. But I want to, like be humble in that way to say that I'm not going to over amplify what he said. He said that I'm at least at that level. And we're we're doing we're writing his copy for his offers right now. He started as a coaching client a year ago. And now we're actually working with him as a consulting client helping to build out and create these offers. He has, he specializes in taking companies from zero to 100 million. So he's kind of like a like a big deal, especially in the tech space, especially in the technology, Silicon Valley space. For the last 20 years, he has been helping Silicon Valley startups to scale to hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue. And so he's actually one of our clients that we're working with through his coaching program, which is awesome. And so our system isn't on trial our system works. But this is what helped Rick Pino generate multiple seven figures. This my mom right here, Jeremiah collaborated with me to develop nine figure profits. He's the best in the world at doing this. He's helped me grow my companies, the nine figures in his copywriting skill is second to none as the only person I would recommend for you to learn from about growing a coaching and online course business and 2023 and beyond. So thank you, mom for saying that. Which is awesome. I know that Jeremiah can help you reach your goals with online coaching, like he's helped 1000s of our clients for years. I've helped 1000s of her clients as well. So that's what you get with me for free. At this event, the launch your six figure coaching intensive event. We're going to work together to help you start to see those results to see those income outcomes that you're looking for. So I can't wait to work with you in that. I can't wait to see you guys in that. Listen, thank you so much for being here. Thank you for joining me today. We're gonna go over to the VIP. We're gonna go check that out. I'm gonna see the rest of y'all over there in the q&a. We'll talk soon

