Growing Your Email List VIP
Date: 2022-12-11T08:46:20.000Z
Duration: 67 min
Otter ID: ykoL3ybRpCM72JzDDyBzezzpx0I
---

[1:48] Speaker 0: All right, everybody Hello, hello, hello. We're gonna let people in here

[7:53] Speaker 1: Hello, hello. Hello.

[8:05] Speaker 0: How are you?

[9:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Well, thanks everybody for being here. Um, let me see. It says the World Cup has taken down your video for violating their copyright policy. I don't even know what I did with the World Cup in that video. That's interesting.

[15:47] Speaker 0: Oh, well that's my

[17:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: my live video that like my live broadcasts that I just did join us live stream listen to our client growth accelerator group. So this is listen, this is your time. This is your time to get your questions answered. As is the case you know people invest in the VIP but there's only 16 of you that are really here. Because even though as of right now,

[25:20] Speaker 0: we have we have over 60 Is that correct?

[28:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: 60 people by the VIP for this event. 5656 bought the VIP for this event, only 16 are actually on the live q&a. And that's okay. That's fine. Maybe there was content on one of those websites. You were demo? Yeah, maybe? Who knows? Happy to be here. Awesome. Yeah. Well, hey, I would invite I would invite more people to at least jump in here. You recently posted some of that violates Facebook's policies. So you're temporarily blocked from using this feature. Wow. All right. Well, I can't stream it into the client growth accelerator group, which is fine. All right. Well, hey, I'm gonna ask I'm just gonna take your questions right here. So let's let's go into it. Let's go dive into it. Who's got a question? Who wants to ask a question?

[47:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Raise your hand. It might be the scariest thing you've ever done, but it's going to be worth it.

[50:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Raise your hand on the on the Zoom. hand raising function. Okay, Angela, Rose. Angela rose. How are you? How are you? It's been a long time. I stayed at your house years ago.

[54:34] Speaker 3: Yeah, no, I know. It's been a very long time.

[55:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I drove I drove from kirbyville to Houston and stayed at her house on my way there to go get a passport back in 2010. When I worked for Danny Johnson, I won't congratulations on the new edition seem to arrive. Thanks. We're super excited. So awesome.

[59:45] Speaker 3: I'm so happy for you. You're gonna make the best dad.

[60:28] Speaker 4: Well, thank you. I

[60:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: appreciate that. You are.

[61:13] Speaker 3: Okay. So the content that you gave out earlier was just fire. Absolutely. So thank you for that. When it comes to the Jasper and creating copy and Facebook ads and all of that, does it allow for Facebook's policies because they can be so finicky especially on

[68:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah it can because you can direct Jasper to word it in a way that is saying like a different way with the policy. And so we've used that quite often to get around their policy as well we'll direct Jasper to reword it in a way that is not coming from a specific angle that might be might be violating what policy would you be violating weight loss. Okay, well we do a lot with weight loss and fitness people but they can't use before and afters. You have to get people in around the idea of having more energy. Yeah. And and feeling better about themselves. And and looking and losing those extra pounds you could put in there, but you got to be strategic and how we do that but we have a number of of clients we've worked with to be able to do that it's not impossible. The issue is you can't come at it from the angle of what you're trying to come at it with. Once they're on your email list, you can talk about anything you want, right? That's a big part of you get them on your list, and you let them know straight up what it's actually about. You put that on your thank you page. And once they opt in, they know what it's about. They don't move forward unless they're the right person, because then you're repelling anybody who's not looking for weight loss, which is great for them to be the right algorithm actually show the ad to those right people. Okay.

[88:20] Speaker 3: That's awesome. Thank you.

[88:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's how we do that. All right, Carolyn Johnson. Hi.

[90:27] Speaker 5: So thank you for awesome teaching. And one of the things that you said early on in the last teaching was to lower my standards of what I require of myself, but raise the self discipline and structure. So I already know that I struggle with the discipline and structure and all that. And I'm because I'm so creative, and everything. So what are your recommendations on how I can effectively get more self discipline?

[97:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, self discipline starts with keeping the promises you make to yourself, and actually doing what you say you're going to do, and actually having integrity. What most people think is integrity isn't really integrity, because integrity has a start and a finish. And most people promise to start something and never finish. And so if you claim to be a person of integrity, and you start things that you never finish, you're not in that way, in that area, you might be in certain areas of your life, right? I'm a person of integrity with my children, or with my work or with my spouse or things like that. But if you start things and don't complete them, whatever's in the middle, there needs to be resolved.

[110:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, my question to you is, what, what's in the middle of you doing what you say you're going to do? And why don't you?

[112:36] Speaker 5: If so many things going on? Do they conflict with one another?

[113:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Yeah, and that's a really convenient excuse, because it makes you sound like such a busy, important person. It feels like the reason but it's never the reason. It's not.

[119:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because I know people that have 510 kids and build a business like this, and they don't have a lack of time at all. And they can do it in five to 10 hours a week. So why can't you? This isn't to be critical of you as well, I'm not coming from a critical standpoint, I want it to look explore inside of you like, what do you believe is the reason why you can't? Is the reason why you can't say no to some of those things that are taking up some of your time, change your boundaries, change your priorities. reprioritize what you do to create an hour a day to be able to build your business. What do you what are your thoughts on that?

[132:48] Speaker 5: So I work full time. And I right now I'm searching for another job, which would mean starting over into a new industry, which a lot of times you work more hours when you start over and that and yeah, and then also Music is my passion. But I'm, I'm doing a lot with music that I'm not making money on. So I became a certified coach. Coaching is another thing that would probably bring in more money than just releasing a song on YouTube or something. So 100% Well, yeah, so you know, those are those are my three big, big areas of where I spend my time.

[142:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: In a nutshell. Yeah. Okay. So in corporate and in writing your music, that's where you spend most of your time. How many hours a week, are you working?

[145:54] Speaker 5: 40 Plus commute?

[146:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, and how much are you making?

[147:46] Speaker 1: I'm

[147:58] Speaker 5: making enough to pay for the courses that I need. But I need to take the action on the courses that I'm investing in.

[149:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So once you it's not about it's not about to be able to pay for the courses that you need. It's about you being able to equal that same income with coaching so that you can step away from the corporate job. Exactly. So for so for me, the last four years, I was earning 500 to $1,000 a month in my coaching business, but I was also working 40 to 60 hours a week for clients. So I had other clients that I was working for and that's where all my time wet so time was a big excuse that I had. It turns out I was just not doing the very simple steps because I believe that anybody has enough time in their day to work these three steps whether they're working your corporate job or not, we have clients that are client growth accelerators that are doing that. And so again, this isn't to be critical of you, I don't want to criticize you, I want to come and look from a place of compassion. Like, what? Cuz here's the thing, I see you and I see somebody that has, like, the potential inside of them that's ready to explode out of you. But you are afraid of exploding in a way that's going to hurt everything and tear everything down. So you don't want that to happen, right? You don't want to blow your life up to be able to do this, I wouldn't recommend you blow your life up to do any of this. And I need to make that very clear, I need to tell some people that I would recommend you blow up your whole life to do this. I have known some people that have done that it's not wise to do. But what you want to do is you want to start to do the actions and becoming consistent, and keeping the promises you make to yourself if I'm going to spend 30 minutes a day building this. Okay. Over the course of a week, I want you to document and log, did you spend 30 minutes every single day this week building your funnel and building your offer? If you're not, why is that and I take this back to myself. So I've been working really, really hard the past three months to read my Bible more. I want to read the Bible for at least 30 minutes a day. This past week, I read it twice. And I get on the phone. I actually told my pastor I said hey, I want you to hold me accountable to this. Not with judgment, not with criticism. But with hey, I want to help you. This is like you riding a bike. That's what it is you got to see yourself like like, more like a child that's riding a bike. And I want you to think about that is you're starting with training wheels right now. So you got to start with your training wheels. And then document your training wheels are okay 30 minutes a day of building my business of taking action and building my business. Going through the courses, by the way isn't building your business. Building your business is the actual time that you actually do the work. Spending that 30 minutes a day to do that. And then looking at okay, why didn't I this week? What got in the way of that? What excuses did I come up with? And then rewiring? Okay, those excuses? Are they really that important? Or can I do other things, it might be that you have to wake up an extra half hour earlier. It might be that you need to take a shorter lunch, it might be that you need to maybe see if you can work from home instead of commuting. I don't know what your job is. But you might be able to rearrange some stuff to create the time because here's the thing, we got to look at our life as we are creators of our life. We're creators of what we experience, and we're co creating with heaven all the time. So God has a plan for all of our lives. God has a plan for all of our lives, but he's waiting for us to move our feet. In our life personally, he'll go use somebody else to do His will or on the earth, right? If we don't do it, somebody else will end up doing it eventually. I've had dreams and ideas for businesses that I haven't done. And I've seen people make 10s of billions of dollars with the ideas that I thought I was the first one in the world to have. And when I found their journey, I actually discovered the person who got the idea that started it got it after me. Literally, I have evidence of multiple billion dollar ideas that somebody else got the idea and created a billion dollars, and they got the idea after I did. So that's cool. I think that's pretty cool. I think that's really awesome, that my ideas have that much value. And I can see that. But what I get in my life is 100% based off of what I take action on. And so for you and your life, whatever you get is based off of what you take action on to discipline yourself to do it. There's two really great books that helped me with this topic. One is called Extreme Ownership by Jacko willing Extreme Ownership by Jacko willing how the US Navy SEALs learn to lead and win. And it's about taking personal responsibility in your life and everything and not blaming things outside of you for why they aren't going the way you want. The number one reason why people don't reach their goals is they are blaming what is outside of them and outside of their, their control for what they want. Oh, and that brings us back to what we're talking about. Control is one of the biggest things that is going to hurt you and your business. So when we're blaming things outside of our control, but then we need to give up control, it becomes this toxic storm inside of us that we could never accomplish any of our goals because there's no possible way to actually do that. And so, Extreme Ownership is a great book about owning what you can control and not worrying about what's outside of your control. And then another one is discipline equals freedom by John Go willing, and he talks about how discipline actually gives you more freedom in your life. When we're chaotic. We're all over the place. We need a lot of structure that we can't go outside of it feels like a prison. It feels like we can't break out when you're disciplined. It actually gives you freedom to design your life how you want instead of being a prison, to what's been handed to you.

[245:49] Speaker 0: All right. Awesome. Thank you.

[246:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So hopefully, hopefully, that was that was helpful for everybody. Anybody else have any other other questions here today on the q&a about growing your email list? About creating your offer about the upcoming event about taking action about doing all this? Robin? DiMeo demo? How do I sit? There been

[252:00] Speaker 6: meal? Hi.

[252:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, how are you? Yeah, I'm

[252:46] Speaker 6: good. I'm so I'm just just kind of reinventing myself. And I'm, you know, in my 50s. And so, um, and I do love your mom, I follow her. But I'm like, where do I start? I'm not tech technology. I'm very technology challenged. I'm also challenged with managing my time. Yeah. So if I, I feel like maybe I'm a little ADHD because it's like, Oh, yeah. What do I do? What do I do first? I don't even know how to. I don't know where you are with.

[263:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me ask you this. Have you ever had things in your life that you made sure to not be late for and actually get done? Yeah. Yeah. When did you like, like, what's different between those things? And these things?

[267:47] Speaker 7: What's different

[268:00] Speaker 6: the priority? I just, you know, just making things a priority. Whether it's because people do what they want to do, period. Do you know that? Yeah, so I don't know where to start. Like, I don't I don't have a problem scheduling my day. Perfect.

[272:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: To have a blueprint plan. Yeah. Like,

[273:25] Speaker 8: what's your niche? Your Niche? Yeah, I

[274:16] Speaker 6: know my niche. Okay.

[274:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have your offer copy written? No.

[275:34] Speaker 6: Okay. That's how I even know what offer I'm making.

[276:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. That's, that's the process that we, that we went over today and that we'll be going over on the five days this next week. Okay. Okay, so you want to you want to figure out, okay, what offer you're gonna make, how to say it to people. And then write up the language, the words, and then we use those artificial intelligence tools to do that. Yep, I got that. You'll be able to actually do it live with me on the training and the five day too.

[285:06] Speaker 6: Okay, cool enough. Yeah, cuz I'm signed up for that. I already did the perfect VIP thingy, whatever. $27 thing. So that's all done. Okay, that's good. That's good to know. But it I mean, is that normal for people to be feel like you're screwy?

[289:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, definitely. Okay. I think I think if we like. That's a funny question. As good as I think that we all feel like we're in it alone, and that we're the only one that is going through this and like, nobody actually knows what they're doing. Okay. nobody actually knows what they're doing. I don't know what I'm doing. My mom doesn't know what she's doing. Rick Pitino doesn't know he's like, like, at the at the end of the day, if you got to know us, I'm I'm probably they might, they might get offended that I said that, like my mom does know what she's doing. But at the end of the day, like we're still all figuring it out with everybody else. And so you're also figuring out and you figure it out as you go, that's the myth is that you got to have it all figured out before you start. And that you need to reach a certain level before you can make it a priority. You don't need to make it. You can start now. But we got to look at that. What I just said Doesn't sound like reality to a lot of people. We got to look at why that is. Why it can't be a priority right now. To do this, and then what do we need to move around in our life to make it a priority? Okay, I talked with Carolyn Abell.

[310:57] Speaker 6: Yeah. All right. Okay, thank

[311:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Yeah. Hey, Beth, how are you?

[312:42] Speaker 3: I'm good. I'm so excited to be here. Thank you for this. Yeah. So I've been in business for 12 years. I actually followed your mom at the very beginning for years and she taught me pretty much everything I know about the website side and yeah, all this side of things. So it's kind of fun to be meeting you now. I don't know what took me so long. But anyways

[318:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: 12 I was kind of a punk kid back then too. Okay, a little bit but like

[320:00] Speaker 3: If you were living at home 12 years ago, weren't you? years ago?

[321:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, no, my brother, okay. I was No, I was living on my own. Okay, but I was struggling with with drinking and partying and girls all

[324:07] Speaker 3: that. Alright, so getting your sowing your wild oats. Oh, okay, so my Lord, praise God. I'm so that's the reason I'm happy to be here. I love that you speak boldly about it and that you even prayed. It was very refreshing. Yeah. So, okay. 12 years in business, my business has evolved. I started out as a health coach, I loved it, I did very well, I just never did six figures. Now I accidentally inherited a god idea and it's taking off. And it's where I'm mentoring and training and I have a certification program for other Christian health coaches. Because I'm very niched. It's Christian health coaches

[335:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: thinking brilliant, and I love it. So excited to hear that.

[336:23] Speaker 3: So doing super well with that, but we need to grow. And were you saying in your trade, because I've never hit six figures. And I cannot believe I'm admitting that to you. But it's time. I have hired help. And I feel like they get paid more than me right now. That's how tight things can get sometimes. And so I just feel like it's time to break out and 2023 and just hit that number. I know how I'm going to do it. I have. So I have my offer. My offer is tested. It's it was beta in 2020. It's a $2,000 certification course. Okay. We've had over now I was actually doing it for years and years. But just in the last two years, I remodeled it to a full like 20 week thing on Thinkific. It's got live support. It's amazing. I know what's under priced. So don't tell me that right now. Because I already know. But it took me a long time to get there with my audience with my faithful followers. Yeah, because I did the wrong thing in the beginning and attracted poor people.

[352:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, Melissa, do that, though. So that's the normal thing. Yeah,

[353:17] Speaker 3: I'm, I'm regretting it, of course, but it was where I was at. So my question is, are you saying on your training earlier? Because I had to step out for a minute. And I'm back and I missed it. Are we supposed to be running hundreds of dollars in ads to take our business to six figures? Are you saying there's no other way? Because I do have SEO working for me right now?

[358:44] Speaker 0: Yes. Okay.

[359:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so I need to go back three to three to 500 ads. Okay,

[360:56] Speaker 3: I can do that. I don't have a clue how I'm gonna do it. I've never run successful ads. But I have an amazing free offer. And so I think I just need to get busy with the pieces,

[363:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: the bonus trainings that you got in the members area on this VIP, over the Facebook ads side of things really well for you. Thank you. So, so that'll be helpful. Um, what I would do is, as the best offers that are working right now, are virtual events like this.

[368:29] Speaker 3: Okay. And those do well, for my community, they do the best.

[369:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: When it comes to the coaching community, I think, is you just run an offer with ads to your virtual event.

[370:57] Speaker 3: So not to a free course on Thinkific. No, I would run

[372:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: them to a virtual event that then you could send them to your free course.

[373:11] Speaker 3: Okay. Okay, I'm doing it differently than Okay, I like this.

[374:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can retarget your free course. So then all those people that follow you. Okay, so that alone will give you some good cash infusion. Do you mean by retarget through the funnel, Evers engage with you or visit your website? Or is on your email list? They will you can send them ads.

[379:13] Speaker 0: Ah,

[380:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, they can all see ads. So all of you like, if you visit my website, you're gonna see my ads for the next six months until you start ignoring me.

[381:51] Speaker 3: Okay. Yeah. So I should be

[382:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: seeing all my ads in my mom's ads. Yeah. Right. Yes. No,

[384:13] Speaker 3: I figured it was because you were a millionaire. You know, no, no,

[384:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're spending, we're spending maybe like 50 bucks a day for four days. That's like 200 bucks.

[387:27] Speaker 3: And then we run, run it a short term,

[388:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: four to seven days with like, a time deadline. Okay, okay, deadline where they can get some kind of a discount, and that'll, because a lot of people, you'll get 90% increase in conversions by having a deadline for people.

[391:36] Speaker 3: You're right. Yeah, I found that the hard way. Okay. Okay.

[392:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's a lot of arguments against having a deadline for people that people have, but I don't think that they're worth losing 90% of your revenue over? No. A lot of people are like, well, so you mean to tell me that you're closing the doors to manipulate people into moving fast? Yeah, yeah. Because I'm not going to lose 90% of my business's income. Right. So Well, over over closing the doors for a month or two. So, all right,

[402:11] Speaker 3: okay, you got me thinking now because now I'm thinking, are you saying to do that with my big offer too, which I kind of do, but I keep people coming in through the year.

[404:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. You do a value ladder through that. So you could do a value letter. Okay. Okay, well, what's your noticing that I'm doing? So I got a one day event here. I got my five day and then I opened the doors to my accelerator, and then I have a $14,000 upsell from there for one on one coaching as well. It's

[410:10] Speaker 3: a 3k offer, then you still upsell the private offer at 14k. It's actually

[411:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's actually a $2,500 offer, but I said 3k to anchor it or on a higher price.

[413:36] Speaker 3: Okay, okay. So,

[414:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: but then from there, a percentage of those people will be then offered a 14k one on one package within the next three to six months. Okay, so and then so that is what cash flow is everything and does that we will we are eliminating one on one coaching. Like very soon I was going to this last time, but I realized I need to at least give people one more chance to do it. Because a lot of people are writing me asking me to open up one on one coaching. Okay, instead of it being 30k 14. And so, that's my next level offer. But that's going to be to where I'm not doing it any less. And we're going to have a $10,000 group coaching program.

[427:14] Speaker 3: I was just gonna say do you have a mastermind because I was a master.

[428:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: My main mastermind is the 2500.

[429:08] Speaker 0: Oh, okay. Yeah. So

[429:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: we got 150 people in there. Okay,

[430:42] Speaker 3: I want to add, like, I want to add a mastermind would you say 369 months? What do you do?

[432:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: for that? I would say yeah, for you. I would do a try a three month mastermind. Okay, can be three months for like three grand.

[435:04] Speaker 3: Okay, I like that. Yeah,

[435:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: three months for three grand is a pretty good price point. Because you're looking at a 12k yearly offering you open the doors so that every quarter now you literally do have a 12 month offer.

[437:53] Speaker 3: Okay. See? Wow. Wow.

[438:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is this is some of the high level coaching that we do in our mastermind is what is what you're asking? I love that you're taking advantage of our time like this together, because you're I'm not going to hold back on my answers with anybody.

[441:36] Speaker 3: I love that your mom's the same way. And I always valued that your startup. Thank you.

[443:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: This will be this will be fun. All right. I'm Alicia. stingily. Stingley

[444:49] Speaker 8: Yes, it's Stingley Hi. Hi, how are you? Good. Um, yeah, I want to say I'm one of those people who it's taken like five years, and I still really does, okay. Because I am that protect perfectionist, you know, that I do a meal always running. And, you know, yeah, that's me. But I truly have tried all the things. And it's, you know, it just hasn't worked. A lot of it is I'm inconsistent, I get discouraged. Something doesn't work. I try the next thing, instead of really digging in and digging down, and then I'll try the next thing. And I try the next thing I'm seeing. Yeah, you know, I have spent probably 50 grand and different coaching and I gotcha programs. And I haven't made that back. You know, I've been told you don't start with ads, unless you have a proven program. You know, you start with a high ticket, and then you go down, you know, I've been just all over the place. And so, I guess my question is, I don't even know what my question is, is like, I just don't I guess it may be if I'll take your program or your next five week thing. And oh, and then, you know, I had a Facebook group where I've gotten, you know, some traction, I've sold some lower ticket, you know, items, but then I got really discouraged from that. And I just kind of stopped the group. So I don't know if I should try to reengage it. I was off Facebook so long, somebody hacked my account placed ads for weight loss. So now I'm completely blocked from being been a by the way,

[473:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you've gone through is normal for most people. Yeah. Okay. So I want you to realize that that what you're going through and now this might scare some of the people that are on here haven't started. They're like, You mean I'm gonna go through that to you, you will go through that if you don't follow what I tell you to do. Yeah. And that's one of the biggest that's one of the biggest factors is that you don't have somebody good It really mad at me when I told them that long time ago is that if they don't follow what I do, they will not have positive results. And I'm just like, Yeah, I have a track record that says that. So I'd love for you to join us for the five day event and start doing that. But here's what I would encourage you with is I think that you've been through a lot of the coaching. How's your how's your mental framework doing?

[488:20] Speaker 8: I'm discouraged right now. I tried to launch a group program. Like back in late September, early October. I didn't get any sales part of it is because I don't think I really had confidence in it. And I think that comes across the done and I didn't follow up with people. It was just a mess. And so I literally have been talking and doing nothing for two months. Just just to be honest, I'm living off other stuff. Yeah, I'm just being and so now I'm like, Okay, Lord, I know you want, I have a message that I know you've given me. And I'm at the point where I'm like, I'm either gonna get a job, or I'm gonna do this yet. Right. So who figured it out? 2023 I already got a job offer.

[501:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is like, I want to ask you a question. Who in your life and it could be yourself is telling you that you can't succeed?

[503:39] Speaker 8: Me? This only me?

[504:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why are you telling you that?

[505:12] Speaker 8: You know, heck, that's a good question. You know, even when I get engaged with people, you know, I'm told I'm, I'm such an inspiration. I have this, you know, approach that really resonates with people. So

[508:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: you got a message that's going to inspire people, why are you pretending like you don't? Have No,

[510:49] Speaker 8: I think it's um, I don't know if it's a mindset.

[511:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. It's okay. We all Yeah, I deal with people

[512:25] Speaker 8: in their money. You know, I'm a financial advisor and financial coach, and I think, oh, okay, do you struggle there too, like, I'm trying to help people with their money, but then I'm trying to charge you this much to help you with your money.

[516:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, like, you feel bad, because you've invested so much. And you ever Yeah, exactly. You get them results in that you're not them where they invest $50,000 with you, and now nothing happens and, and you're just like, sorry about that. So you don't you don't want to honestly attract people that aren't gonna get results, right. Okay, well, that's what's awesome. That's what we're gonna go over on the five day event launcher offers, we're going to talk about how to attract the right people to do so in the right way. And the best thing is, it's free, I'm going to ask you to pay $50,000 for the information. It's completely free. If you want the VIP, you get to ask me questions for those five days, because here's the thing, if you go through that with me, I'm gonna guide you for these five days, and I'm going to hold you accountable. We're gonna by the end of that week, next week, we're going to have a different Alicia standing in front of us. So you're gonna be there. I'll be there. All right. Awesome. All right. Love that. All right, and Carmen. Carmen is in our client growth accelerator. And she's taken advantage of this time right here since nobody else has their hand raised. So that is not an accelerator. Carmen, what's up?

[536:35] Speaker 7: So I have a question about ads paid ads. Can you send them somewhere specific? Like somebody specific or to a group, you know,

[540:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: to somebody specific, but that's where you could take your ad as a post and you can email it to somebody who's on your email list. Okay. Okay. So that's kind of part of what we do with email marketing is it's sort of an ad that you send to somebody specific.

[544:06] Speaker 7: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz once I launched my ads, but there's a few other specific people that I want to make sure that they get.

[546:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I gotcha. Yeah. Okay. Okay,

[547:32] Speaker 7: is there any other way to do it besides email?

[548:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, direct message on social, you can DM people? Yeah, you can comment to them, you can tag them in the comments. That's about it. Okay. But you can't run an ad just a one person. You can you can get that person. So this is actually this is a methodology that a lot of political organizations use is you can actually find that one person, put them in a pool of people by visiting a certain site and then you can retarget to that pool of people. And that person is inside of that pool. So that's one way that you could do that if you're targeting one specific person. Some people that that's that's a gray area So I'm going against some of the rules and regulations of the platform. But it's not illegal. So

[561:51] Speaker 7: well, how about how about another Facebook group? That I'm

[563:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: in another Facebook group? No, no, okay. No, you can't do that those are private. That's like you're trying to target somebody's church. Yeah. Like, you go in that church, and you're like, come over to my church.

[567:30] Speaker 2: To do that. I, however, however, do have an ethical way that you can sort of do that, that I did this week. I don't know if any of them are on the air in the group, or on this call. But I was in the Kajabi. Community. I'm in the Kajabi and Clickfunnels. Community, and I posted about the results that we are getting in our business here in the group.

[575:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so then, by posting about the results, we're getting and sharing value. I didn't DM anybody, and I didn't message anybody. But there was a small percentage of them that clicked over to my page, found my offer, and signed up. Because they saw me in a group bringing value that way. And they signed up. And that's not against policy. inside Facebook groups. I don't even mind if people do that in my group, either. Which is why I invite people to like share value, it's got to be value that contributes to the group, right. So the value,

[584:53] Speaker 7: this is a business group, that all everybody can put their ads or their classes they're doing or whatever,

[586:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: like that you might not get a whole lot of people out of so true. Yeah, you can join that and you can possibly join that group is your page. And, and by joining it as your page, you're able to retarget certain people. So yeah, so this was the post that that did that in the group was me saying my biggest tip for anyone, this is the whole post I did anyone starting out, make people register for your content, stop not making them register, you don't have to charge for everything. But at least get them on your email list. And so people are like, what's your website? I told this one lady, I'm like, I'm not giving you my website. I'm not gonna share my link in here, it's a quick way to get banned. And then you know, so like, some people are asking questions like, how do we sustain it? What kind of upsells do we do? And so people reading those comments, went on their own and looked me up and then joined my program. So that's one way inside of groups to do that. But you got to be really good at it to do that. I've been kicked out of quite a few groups as well for that. So I'm okay. You just don't want it to seem like you're doing it to do that. You want it to be that you're bringing value. And if completely unattached, they visit you and sign up. That's fine. That's ethical. All right. Proverbs eat.

[608:31] Speaker 4: Hey, how are you doing here? Let me hear my good.

[609:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: How are you? Oh, good. You can see me here.

[610:09] Speaker 4: I know. I'm glad you're doing this. I mean, I wish I would have known gone onto your own and doing all this. So I'm like, Oh, why did I not know about this earlier? Because the value you're giving is phenomenal. It's amazing. It really is. It's it's your mom. 2.0.

[614:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's really, that's that's been the

[615:28] Speaker 4: goal. So it's your mom's? You wouldn't, because all of this, though, I wouldn't have been come the person I am today. Marketing with

[617:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: neither me either.

[618:42] Speaker 4: And there's no way I could have done it. The email. I mean, the what she taught me oh my gosh, yeah. And then I Oh, yeah. And everybody's like, how do you come up with these ideas? And you come up with these titles? Yeah. Well, there's a woman named Sandy Hook kowski. Yeah, and I and I do this time and time again, again, like everything I do to here's a question for your mom, you just say this about social media, right? 70 80% should always be content that creates value based on what they need, right? And only you should only market yourself maybe 5% of the time, is it the same idea principle with email marketing, like majority of it should be value value,

[629:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do about 60 to 70%. Okay, it's all value until they get to the bottom, I'll put a call to action and about 60 to 80% of our emails. Got it, you craft the value until they get to the bottom so it's still giving value, but you tie a call to action to that value. And that call to action is going to be something that's free. That's like another sort of like, basically, like, Come join me for another adventure for five days. You know, like, you're having people like choose their own adventure through your email and it's more like a choose your own adventure video game than actually writing an email.

[639:13] Speaker 4: That makes complete sense and that's what I'm doing. hill that makes complete sense. And that's what I'm doing now on my Twitter is to do a call to action of something that's free on my website that gets more into detail into it.

[642:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. And then you have multiple things that you do that are free, that sound like they're different, but they all lead to the same place.

[644:20] Speaker 4: That your website because your mom used to say this all roads lead back to your website.

[645:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: In your email. It's all roads lead back to your offer.

[646:31] Speaker 4: Right? That's right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Offer

[647:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: is what it is. So you might have in this event today, it was an offer that then leads people to an offer.

[649:59] Speaker 4: I get it.

[650:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: See? Yeah, not just reading multiple little events that then lead people to a five day offer.

[652:05] Speaker 4: I got an lead to the offer, then rather than just my email list, I get it. Yeah.

[653:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Because on your email list automatically by leading them to an offer?

[654:33] Speaker 4: Absolutely. Absolutely. And especially if it's a free offer, then that's that. Yeah. Because you're giving them something of value, rather than just oh, here's this free ebook, which we bought it. And yeah, it's a free event that gets them onto your email list. And they're also getting a free I get mind blown. This is really good. No, it may love it. Yeah, this is real. Wow. That was worth the price of the admission. Well, more than the price of admission. That's, yeah, that's really an aha moment right there. Cool.

[663:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: moment and process it through AI and create my next offer out of just you and I as conversation.

[665:38] Speaker 4: I know it's true at this was really? No, because that's the that's the 2.0 of this, right? Yeah. It's not the ebook. It's not the whatever. It's the live event that I'm giving them a free live event is what people want to do.

[670:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, yep. And then you can create an ebook that you remarket to those people that then sends them to your next mini masterclass, free live event, things like that. So you create a stack of offers that all lead up to the main offer.

[674:04] Speaker 4: Yep. Yeah, no, but it's more powerful the live event is, is very powerful, because that people are so used to zoom now.

[676:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: But here's the part that makes me sad, as most people hear what we just talked about. And so then they think that to map out all seven layers, and each offer and do all that, and build that you just build one offer and put it out there and put it out there, and then you build the next offer. While you're waiting for this offer.

[681:14] Speaker 4: Exact, you just do one thing, it's just like, one thing at a

[682:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: time, one step ever you're at, you're never doing more than one thing at a time. That's why it's so sustainable.

[684:07] Speaker 4: Exactly. And it's like eating. Some people want to map out everything they're gonna eat for the next like month, it's just not gonna happen. You do like, you know, a few days at a time, you

[687:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, there are people that are really skilled at that, but they take action right away. And that's, that's more, that's more of the that's more of a unique exception, not the rule. So most people have a range in between that, that they operate in, you want to find what range you operate in, to where you're not stuck for more than a week or two. Absolutely.

[693:07] Speaker 4: I have one friend who would take a course with me, and he would get the course act like he would do everything of the course and start making money before the course was finished. Yes. That was his rule. He would not by

[697:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: the only way that I tell people to do it now. And and he

[697:59] Speaker 4: is very wealthy now. Like very, very wealthy. And he has to, he has every kind of a car he has, I know your mom and her library of books of Dan Kennedy books. Yeah, she's she had every course Dan Kennedy ever put out ever. Yeah, and this book is the best. I know the Ultimate Sales Letter. I'm gonna put that

[704:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: letter by Dan Kennedy. And that's what we based all of our landing page building off of, and then the straight line get one right here.

[706:35] Speaker 4: We were way of the world, right? You told me this. I'm gonna order that. And those two books, the extreme freedom.

[708:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like if I had two books that can help you basically, like rule the world. It'd be these two books. It's amazing. Okay, and the Bible. I'll throw my Bible in there.

[711:23] Speaker 4: Of course. And that was the one thing about your mom, she was so unequivocal and she still is about your faith. She she used to say this all the time. She say, oh, people are going to tell me that I'm crazy. People did tell her that she was crazy that she shouldn't be talking about faith when she's talking about business, that people are going to just shut her off. Yeah, well, I think she told those people that that was untrue, like all those years, and look how successful she is totally,

[718:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally. And that's what I think. I think we should all be unashamed of our beliefs and faith and where we are Are and, and speak out in the ways that we feel called to and we're boring.

[721:53] Speaker 4: That's why I love that

[722:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: attracts people, I want to find people that like we can like operate without like making what we believe to be true or to be not to be a hinderance or a stumbling block from not allowing us to connect, because connection is so important and human connection is the deepest, most important part of this process. How can you connect with somebody, if you're saying, Well, I can't, like connect with that person, because they believe this way. That's why I even intending to like, okay, I can work with some perfectionist, but I'm starting to.

[731:36] Speaker 4: I understand that,

[731:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, because it's even that same thing. And I'm challenging myself, as I'm saying this to you. Like, maybe there's even more in my business that I can help people with.

[735:00] Speaker 4: I agree. I mean, I could talk a lot about that. But yeah, it's about appreciating each other's experience. I'll give you this 32nd. But you have an experience, I have an experience, right? We both need to be able to appreciate each other's experiences in their own lives without us needing to have be right or wrong. And I need to be able to just appreciate your experience. And neither of us need to be right or wrong. Nor do I need to change you in any way. Right? Totally. Right. It Right. I need to be able to affirm that X, you know, that validate, I need to validate your experience as I would validate my own, but I don't need it. Right. And it just that's a huge thing. But anyways, I'll let you go. This was mind blown right now. Because at Oh, and I started using the AI yesterday. And I was up all night, having fun with it. And I was just a mind blown as to how many things he was coming up.

[750:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: It does a lot. It does way more than you can imagine. And

[751:19] Speaker 4: I wish there was a manual, but there couldn't be a man because the manual will be like a million pages because there's so many things. Anything I would throw out there, it was like right, right to sales video. VSL. Right. Yes. Do this, do this. And it would just seconds. Amazing, right?

[755:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is awesome. Thanks for Oh, gee. Thank you. Alright, so we got we got a couple more people, they got their hand raised, I want to take these questions that are here. I'm going to give you 10 seconds to raise your hand if you still want to. And then that's the last people 87654321 And that's it. Okay, so these are the last questions that we're gonna take. We're take four questions, and I want to go through them quickly. Just to get everybody on their way. Is there anybody of these four that have their hand raise that you need to get going sooner or later than the other person? That you have to like, get going right away? I can take yours first. Okay, so I'm going to take a Judy Okay, Judy, what's up? We'll take Judy first. Thank

[769:47] Speaker 9: you very much for everything. This has been really, really good today. I really appreciate you and and all that you give two quick questions. I hope I use zuku and not Thinkific? Because that platforms choice matter in in your scheme? No. Okay. And my second question, could you give me suggestions on where you can ask your clients what they want in terms of like you did it today in a webinar, but can you give me other ways to do a

[778:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: webinar, a Facebook group on your social media, in your email, you send them an email list, if it's to your clients, you can also ask people that might not be your clients, but you can ask people that are outside of your clients inside of Facebook groups. There's a website called answer the public.com. Also, look at Amazon and look at what books are written on those specific topics. But then I would go into asking the AI, the artificial intelligence, some of the questions that maybe you're stuck on or don't have the answers to, you take what you know, and then you combine it with the AI and it'll help fill in the gaps for you. And it's really accurate when it comes to coaching and courses.

[789:06] Speaker 9: Okay, there's a recording of this. And I, I'm being led to work with other people who live with physical disabilities.

[791:31] Speaker 2: Okay. And

[792:20] Speaker 9: I'm curious about do you have any thoughts about how to ask people to identify that they are disabled in a way that that like if you were going to mark it, identifying yourself as that because a lot of people won't

[796:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: understand that necessarily, but you can show it in the visual of your advertising. You can show some pictures or photos you can show in some of the language of your ad. The algorithm will show it People that are actually engaging with your advertisement, so and your content. Okay,

[800:51] Speaker 9: well, good. I'm very happy to say I have a graphic that is very clear. Okay. Awesome. Thank you so much.

[802:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, definitely. All right, Wanda?

[804:49] Speaker 0: Can you hear me? Yes, I

[805:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: can hear you. How are you?

[805:51] Speaker 0: This was my first time being on Zoom. Yeah. Thank you, Jeremiah. Seven years ago by faith, I started watching your mom. Yeah. And so that's how I'm gonna get really emotional here. It's taken me seven years to get my mind. Right. Yeah. So as you talk about mindset, in the beginning, that's huge. That's huge. Because I now coach women who have been church hurt. And I don't know if that's too too narrow on the niche, but kind of similar to your to your mom, in that, you know, cultish journey. And so I just want to thank you for standing firmly on what you stand on. Okay. And so I really want to affirm, because you've had to face a lot of things. And I appreciate that. So as I'm getting ready to launch my own app with my courses, I was actually, it's finally clicked in my brain, create the offer, and do the thing, and then repeat it all again. So I was actually affirming with you today, because this week that finally clicked for me. Everything. And I found it interesting, because it kind of got a little twisted, but that's okay. So my question to you today is, I'm actually launching an app, and I have Kajabi. So everything basically in the app is going to be everything that's going to be on the copy. So my question is my offer first offer is the app or No,

[836:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, no, your first offer some kind of an event that people join you for that you're talking about the app to them. Do you want to gather? Yep. And then you tell them?

[840:09] Speaker 0: Yep. Okay. Okay, awesome.

[841:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Definitely. Awesome. All right. Um, so I Yeah, well, I didn't see Marcella Cruz's comments on here, and now she's left. So she's watching this recording. I do apologize. I wasn't ignoring you at all. I wasn't trying to skip past you. i I'm sorry. I didn't see your chat comment until just now that you had to go. Yeah, I might get a nasty email for that, but we'll see. Okay. LaTonya

[853:15] Speaker 1: Yeah, yes. Hi. Thank you, Jeremiah. Just really quick, my question is a little different than what everyone shared here today. So I got really excited when you shared that you are once on the side of creating and implementing these strategies for your clients. That's where I am now in my business not necessarily like the Facebook ads because I know I need to learn that like with you know, setting up simple funnels, using Jasper my problem is doing this for myself and going from the doer in my business to the coach and coaching other people. So my question is, how did you go from that person? You know, doing everything for your clients to you know, the amazing coach that you are today? And was it an easy transition from the doer from the person implementing to now teaching and coaching?

[868:16] Speaker 0: Um

[869:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you looking for an easy transition?

[870:07] Speaker 1: I'm Yeah, I want to be able to teach and coach but I but I know that I need to set up these systems for myself, which I do not

[872:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't I don't see it being an easy transition going from that to that at all. It's not easy. It is intense. You will have I had a lot of people threatening me during that time. Clients threatened me because I was no longer available to serve them in the same way. Okay, so you will really piss A lot of people off, you'll have a lot of people questioning your ability

[881:36] Speaker 0: to even coach.

[882:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: That won't be me. I won't question your ability, but it's not easy. If you're looking for easy, it's not gonna be easy, but it's possible because I've done it. Right. So but there's not there's no easy approach, what makes it faster, faster is actually really what you're looking for. Not easy is boundaries, setting boundaries of how you're willing to show up. And not shaking from those boundaries, those boundaries of who you're willing to talk to, when you're willing to talk to them when you're willing to give your availability to people. The second is valuing your time at at least over $650 an hour.

[893:05] Speaker 0: Oh, okay.

[893:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so $650 An hour what comes in mind, if you met a coach that told you, Hey, I've been running an agency, and now I charge 650? an hour to work with you? What would you say to that person?

[898:24] Speaker 1: Well, I first I would believe them? Because they've done it. Um, you would believe them? Yeah, I would believe them. Because they've done it before.

[900:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: They are. But But what if, what if you've not been a coach? How do you know you can even coach? I mean, what makes you think you're qualified to help anybody?

[904:00] Speaker 1: My guess

[904:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's the questions that people are going to ask you. Gotcha. Okay, giving you more of an example of what they're going to ask you. I'm not the one asking it. Right. But you got to be able to give an answer to that with total confidence. Got it, without pausing, without having to think about it. Otherwise, you'll get eaten alive by people that are way meaner than I was just now. Okay. Because I got asked that by a lot of people. And I just got told some really nasty stuff. And so you got to realize that when you go out there to build a coaching business, you're putting yourself out into the public eye? And people can they have expectations of you, and they have expectations of what you're not allowed to do. And they're gonna feel threatened by that. And a lot of the people that might feel threatened by it are going to be very similar people to the industry that you're already working in right now. Okay. Do you have what are your boundaries with your current clients? Can they call you at nine o'clock at night? And you pick up the phone?

[921:46] Speaker 1: Text me? Yes. Yep, that's a problem. That's it? Yeah.

[923:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don't let they can't text you after 5pm. They can't text you before 10am. Now, what would what would your clients say? If you suddenly told them that today?

[927:11] Speaker 1: I believe they will honor that.

[927:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Okay. Perfect. So then that's great. Yeah, cuz if they don't, then you don't need them as a client. So learning to really shorten and string shrink down that client time is very important boundaries, because then that allows you to create the time management that you need, you can get paid the same amount while shrinking your client time down, right. Okay, so now that's important. That's the first step is really creating the time for you to step into this coach role, and actually have availability, then you got to get some people to coach, you got to actually get some people to work with. And Coach, have you been coaching your clients already?

[938:06] Speaker 1: Yeah, coach them while I'm doing the service. Okay.

[939:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So I want you to think about what did you coach them on while you do the service? And that's what you need to make an offer around? Got it? Okay. Okay. And then you want your best clients to give you a testimony of you helping them get that result with your coaching. Will your current clients give you a testimony saying that you coached them to do that

[946:24] Speaker 1: result? I think they would.

[947:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, okay. Perfect. So that's a great place to start. So you're in a better position than most people who asked me that question. Okay. And so because I was in a position where none of the clients that I had done services for would give me a testimony, because they said, I'll give you a testimony for running Facebook ads, but not for coaching me you're you're not very good at that, Jeremiah. That's honestly I wasn't very good at it. And I was charging people money, making it an experiment. And I had a lot of people get mad at me. Some people get very angry at me for not coaching them the way that they needed. I had to give them their money back. So I'm just saying I've been through it in that way to where I just kind of did it like, very haphazardly very recklessly and which is actually the way that I would recommend people do it. That's actually the way that I would recommend you do it is recklessly and haphazardly. And that is usually the place where, especially if you're coming from the agency world, the idea of reckless and haphazard, how would your clients treat you today if you were reckless and haphazard with their accounts?

[965:47] Speaker 1: Yeah, I don't know if that would fly. Well, no, it wouldn't fly.

[966:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, it would never fly well in agency business. But in the coaching business, you got to flip your mindset and realize that it's actually the number one thing that's going to make you successful to transition a lot faster.

[970:36] Speaker 0: Okay, okay.

[971:24] Speaker 1: Thank you for that. Appreciate it.

[971:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Awesome. Um, okay. LaTanya. No, I don't have a refund policy on my one on one coaching. Even if you don't use the time you're agreeing to that's what the investment was. And so there is no refund policy. And that's written in a contract.

[977:15] Speaker 0: Um,

[978:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: but I didn't have a contract before. Yeah, I didn't have a contract before. Now. I do. Um, let's LaTanya. You had your hand raised. Did you not have a question now?

[981:15] Speaker 1: No, I already spoke. I already asked the question.

[982:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, perfect. Awesome. Awesome. All right. That was LaTonya. Sorry, I didn't see your face. So I was, that's okay. Hey, Was this helpful for you guys? This is this is just like, this is like 10% of the intensity that I bring to the client growth accelerator. By the way. How many of y'all that are in the accelerator? Know, Like, it's like next level when we do our live calls, right? But like, I, I'm not mean to you guys, I'm not mean to anybody. I'm probably meaner out here, than I am in the client growth accelerator. Because I just I don't know where everybody's coming from. I want to know like, what your stories are, I want to know, like what you guys are dealing with, when I know all people are dealing with like, I can understand that more. If somebody's just telling me. Yeah, I've tried everything. Nothing's worked. I'm like, well, then you haven't tried everything. Because if you did, something would have worked, right? But then I'm like, okay, I get to know what the person saying like Alicia, Alicia Stingley. And I can see the heart and the spirit behind her, the more I can talk with her. And so I love that. And I love to connect with that. But yeah, if she like wrote me a DM like, I've tried everything, nothing's work, which I do, I'd be like, well, you clearly haven't tried everything to try this. Because I don't know the story. I don't know the history. But I'm excited to be here with everybody. I'm also excited for who's on the five day event with me. Because that group has been through at least this one day event with me, or purchase something before from me. And so this is like we're going to have a class reunion of all the people Ave says I'm meaner here for sure. For the right people to say yes. And I've been I've been pretty I called you out on some things before Ave, but you were, you're good to hear it. One of the biggest things that's going to stop you from succeeding and I'm going to leave you with this is just a little bit of a teachable moment for everybody. Self like self punishment is a behavior of like getting mad at ourselves, and we don't reach a result. We gotta learn to just love ourselves more, we got to learn to give ourselves a high five more often, we got to learn to to even when we mess up, even when we make mistakes, give ourselves a high five and congratulate ourselves for doing our best. Now, you might say and this was my argument against this Well, I wouldn't want the my abusers to high five themselves for the abuse they did to me. That's one of the biggest reasons why people have a hard time congratulating themselves when they make a mistake, as they are saying, Well, I wouldn't want the people that treated me that way to congratulate themselves or how they treated me. So I'm not gonna do that to myself. That's why our judgment that we have towards other people ends up coming back at us tenfold and stopping us. Here's the thing, you know yourself, you know your heart and you know that you are a person who walks in integrity, or you wouldn't be here. And so it's time to give yourself a high five for knowing that you're giving it your best. You might be saying Jeremiah, I know that I'm not giving it my best. Well, listen, don't we all we know that we could be doing more, we know that we could be doing more. But right now in this moment in time you are giving your best. Otherwise you would have been doing something different by now. I know you and I know that you wouldn't sit around only doing what you've been doing. So realize the truth that you are actually giving it your best and you are the most qualified that you've ever been to coach people. This moment in time right now. I'm talking to a group of leaders here and I'm talking to a group that I know can shake the world and change the world and create real results with their clients and bring transformation. But you got to create an offer and you got to learn launch that offer. And you gotta go find the people that you can help with your offer. So register for this five day event, please jump in with us. I can't wait to see you starting on Monday, that's going to be absolutely incredible. I know budget is a big thing for some of y'all. So it is free. For those that just you just want a little taste, you just want a little bit of this, I'm not going to hold anything back.

[1047:50] Speaker 0: I'm not gonna hold anything back.

[1048:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I do think that there are some of you, you're going to really benefit by upgrading to the VIP. And getting in here and spending that time in the q&a with me, like you've spent right now like this time, what if you had five more days of this together? Where you could ask questions as we go through building stuff like this. That's what you're going to get by upgrading to the VIP to get that for just $27. And so you have until Monday, December 12, to grab that for $27, you got about 2033 hours to do so. Okay. And upgrade right here, and then you'll get all those bonus trainings right there in your members area. This one I'm still needing to record I need to do that this weekend. I will do that this weekend. That's my promise to you. Okay, I can't wait to see you. I can't wait to work with you in that for the rest of y'all. Maybe you're just hey, I'm just watching. I'm just observing. I'll see you on one of our future live events. I'll see you on one of our future. Five day events. I know there's a number of people, like I said, I'm over 60 people sign up for this VIP, only 24 of you are here. That means that there's at least another 25 to 30 that are gonna watch the recording of this. So whether you decide to do that or not, at least jump into the VIP and grab those recordings for those five days. Don't let what we talked about here, stop here. Let's take this to the next level for you. And let's start to get you those results to create a six and eventually seven figure coaching business. I believe that making seven figures is not out of reach for all of you at all. I want to help create 1000 millionaire coaches starts with me helping create 1006 figure coaches. So thanks for being here. Thanks for spending time with me. And I'll see everybody next week. Have a good one.

