July 1: Monetize Your Email List Into 6 Figure Success
Date: 2023-07-01T17:40:59.000Z
Duration: 99 min
Otter ID: JdTjY_QZLsi_5EOcLDMbMl1yyuc
---

[50:02] Speaker 0: Hi

[99:07] Speaker 0: Hi?

[155:51] Speaker 0: everybody welcome, welcome welcome to this live training here on Saturday, July 1. Listen,

[158:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited that you're here with me

[159:48] Speaker 0: expanding this out Do we bring the music down just a little bit, here

[162:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: we go, we'll bring the music down. We use a platform called Epidemic Sound that gives us some cool royalty free songs that don't get flagged by by the platforms, which is cool. So listen, I'm excited that you're here. I'm thankful that you're here. I'm thankful that you decided to take the time out of your busy schedule to be here. I know a lot of you have a lot going on. And I want to honor your time and I don't want to waste any of your time as well. Just a little bit of background, because I know not everybody knows who I am. I'm not going to touch on this a whole lot. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. And I've spent the last two decades in the coaching, mentoring training, speaking personal development industry. And I got my start as a video editor, who edited videos and DVDs and CDs for a company called Danny johnson.com. This is how I got my like my first job was working for them to help them put together CD and DVD products that they sold for coaching and training and mentoring. And so my entire background of my entire career has been in that sort of teaching coaching mentoring industry, if you have information that you can use to help other people with, from your knowledge and your experience, I can show you how to make millions of dollars doing so using the strategies as well as what to avoid doing from the experience that I've spent over the last two decades. And then after that, I went on and worked with my mom, many of you know who my mom is Sandy Krakowski over at a real change.com. And we built this company to multiple eight figures together. And that made year after year after year, multiple eight figures, coaching business owners on how to get clients how to get customers. And I'll tell you this, the number one strategy that we have been teaching for that whole length of time is you got to grow your email list, you got to grow your email list, there's this, there's this lie. And I'm going to call it a lie because it is that your social media is how you grow a business. Social media is no more of a business than putting on a suit and tie makes you a business person. Okay, your social media is a traffic source. But the goal is you want to take people off of social media and onto your email list into your community onto your website to become a member with you have something so that you have their information. And now you have more control over if the social media platform shut down overnight, or they get purchased by somebody else. Or they they the algorithm stops showing your content guess what having your email list makes you pretty much completely inoculated from that. It allows you to not have to worry about you know, is the algorithm going to show my content is it going to show my content now here's what we do. And what we teach in our methodology is, is that we tell you how to pull people from social media onto your email list, and then you monetize that email list into a paid client. If we were to break down simply today, just like if I was to just kind of everything that I do, that I help people with. And why people come to me is I walk them through the process of going from social media. Because 100% Of all the clients we get come from social media, how to get them onto your email list. And then how to get them from your email list to becoming a paid customer of yours and then how to not just have them pay one time. But repeated transactions recurring revenue. So it's not just a wham bam, Thank you, ma'am. type of sales pitch where we're just, we're just pitching you to get your credit card and then we don't care about you know, we're talking about actually cultivating a relationship with people. And that's an important part of what I teach. And so I just want to address that in the room here. I know a lot of you you're apprehensive about pushy sales tactics. You don't want to be rude or disrespectful to people, you don't want to, to bother them too much with emails, you don't want to just send emails to people because they signed up on your list. And they didn't sign up to get sold to the methodology that I'm going to be sharing with you today allows you to make the best connection with people. So that people are actually thanking you for being on your email list. And they're thanking you for providing them with the opportunity to spend money with you. And that's what we experience. Now. Now, I'm going to come out the gate with something that not everybody likes to hear. But But I would be doing you a disservice if I didn't say this. It's impossible to please everybody on your email list. It's impossible to make everybody happy. And then there's percentages to this. And these percentages have been like this since the beginning of of time in business, as you get better, they'll shrink, but they always exist just a little bit, okay? Is one out of every 200 300 people that you get on your email list is going to be a very negative person. And I'm talking like, they think of just a really rude nasty person who has to constantly criticize, put people down, and they find validation by hurting people verbally, like, like, like, that's, that's not a very healthy human being. And I would, I would hope that there's not people here today on this call that are like that. But just in a room like this, sometimes we've had it happen, we mark it to the public, we run Facebook ads, we put stuff out there, people that I don't know, come on these calls, I have had maybe about one in every 100 to 200 to 300 will send me super nasty messages about how just terrible I am as a human being for what I say and what I teach and all of that and blah, blah, blah. However, the other 199 And now it's really the percentage is shifted. It's it's close to one in every 300, which I'm super thankful for that. Like it's not even enough for me to pay attention to what the negativity what they say, I love feedback when somebody's negative when they come to me with feedback, and they say, Hey, this isn't working. I don't like this. I take personal responsibility as to Okay, what did I do to contribute to this situation? Right? How can I take ownership over what's going on here. And as a coach, as a mentor, we need to start by taking personal responsibility. Okay, when you come from a foundation of personal responsibility, and you're not blaming other people, and allows us to operate more courageously and boldly with our email list, and I'll tell you that that's one of the number one reasons why most people don't make enough money with their email list is they're very timid. They're very cautious. They're very much like, afraid of pissing people off, for lack of a better term. They're very focused on pleasing everybody on their list so that people don't unsubscribe. Here's a statistic that I'm going to tell you in the most successful businesses that I've consulted and worked with, including my own business, which has made over $750,000 in the last 10 months. 50% of every single person who signs up on my email list unsubscribes. And so what I do is I bake that cost into my advertising, if it cost me $5, a lead to get somebody's name and email through Facebook ads, it's really $10. Because it's ultimately I know that for every two people, one of them is going to unsubscribe within like a week of joining my email list. So that's normal, okay. Where I see that a lot of people make a mistake is they're afraid of emailing their list too much. Too often. They're afraid of wasting people's time with emails, and they're worried about what people think about them in their email. Now, let me address this real quick. I do not recommend that you just blast sales messages at your email list. But if you're providing value to your list, content that they actually care about, and I'm going to tell you what type of content is the best to send to your list really can be any form of content. If I do a quick little video on my social media, I'm going to send it to my email list. If I know that it's going To help the people that are on there, how do I know? How can I possibly know that it's going to actually help the people on my list? Well,

[322:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's data that we can tell. And when you actually build your email list, the way that we teach, you can be very clear as to how your content is going to be helping people. So our philosophy is this is that when we can identify a niche of people that have a specific problem that we solve in our coaching business. And what we do is we put offers out there to solve problems for them. Okay. How do you know what their problems are? Well, you actually can ask them. And so what I do is I actually create mechanisms on my social media, in our campaigns, on my email list of asking people, What are your biggest problems, and providing opportunities for me people to tell me this. And so as a thought leader, as a mentor, as a coach, as a trainer, one of your number one things that you want to make sure of is that you have a mechanism to capture feedback about what problems people have, that are connecting with you. And this is where and you can't be judgmental of what these problems are. You know, one of the one of the big problems that I get that a lot of people tell me is that they they don't want to lose money running, running Facebook ads, they don't want to upset people when they email them on their email list. And so with that, I need to address that from a perspective of okay, empathy. And how can I help this person get the result that they're coming to me for? The reason why you're listening to me today is because you want to make six figures in a coaching business. And you want to know how to do this, every single coaching business that we have successfully built, was done. So by growing our email list, with offers that solve problems for people, so like, what does an offer look like? For those of you that are wondering, how do I actually grow my email list, you have to have something that people actually put their name and email address into. Okay, and so we'll use a software like MailChimp, which is one of the easiest to use email software's out there, and it integrates with every single marketing platform on the planet. That's why I like it. Are there other email software's that might be better, superior, cheaper? Sure. MailChimp though, in my experience, gives me the best balance of all the features that I need to segment out to be able to automate emails, I can schedule emails to go out to people after they join my list, and I can send 1234 emails to people, okay. And so what you have to do is you have to have to get people to give you their name and email address. Gone are the days that people just subscribe to a newsletter simply because they want a newsletter. Now, there are a few models for this where you can have that newsletter type approach, and I have seen it work, but it's always based off of some kind of outcome for why they join your newsletter. Okay, so again, the only reason that people join your newsletter is there's an expected result that they're going to get by being a subscriber. Okay, as I mentioned, 50% of our email subscribers unsubscribe. The other 50% We have people that have been on my email list for years, and they open and read every single email that I sent. And they engaged daily on my social media. And they're there, they're also they became quite a lot of them became clients in my coaching program. Okay. And so what I focus on is not the, oh no, how can I make more of these people happy with me? These 50% That unsubscribe, I'm gonna be super brash about this, I don't, I don't concern myself with what these people think about me. What they, what their, what their desires are. Because I want to focus in on the ones who love to listen to me who love receiving my emails. And so that's one of the first perspective to shift your mindset into is when you build an email list is to expect people to love to hear from you. You might be saying, uh, yeah, but like, that's not reality. 50% of them don't want to hear from me. It's a mind that shift is imagining that they're not in the room, that they're not reading your email. And and listen, I understand there's some social constructs out there that that say, well, if I'm ignoring that 50% of people now that's a rude and, and that it's disrespectful to them and all of that. I disagree with that, because I'm building a business here, I'm not building a nonprofit, social support group, community of people to where I'm trying to make everybody happy, and please everybody, my goal is to have a profit in my business, okay. And so if you come to me, if you listen to me, I'm going to share strategies with you, that directly relate to the profitability of your business. And they may challenge How you been raised, what you've been trained, what other coaches have told you, what you have even been certified in as the best practices of working with people. One of the number one is this is why most people aren't making enough money with their email lists, again, go back to, we're not sending sales pitches to people on our list. At 20 80% of the time, it's value 20% of the time, I will make a sales message. And really, it's closer to 10% of the time on our list. And if you're a part of my email list, you can see directly how I implement what I teach how I practice what I teach. And one of the number one things and I was just talking with my mom about this, the other day that you must do is you must email your list. One of the worst thing that you can do is not send emails to your list, because you're trying to not bombard them. Your goal is to get people to unsubscribe. And to build a deeper connection with those that are on your list, I recommend that you email your list at least once per day, sometimes, and I do it twice per day, one to two times per day. If it's not a sales pitch, if you're providing value, if you're inviting people to join you for valuable content. And you're not asking for money. I'm telling you, we have the numbers on this, we have the data from working with 1000s of coaches, and trainers and mentors. And I know that this is challenging some of you, I know it, the people who stay on our list, love receiving those emails. They love to be connected with us. And eventually it helps remind them that we're still there, that we still exist, that we're still on the internet. And so one of the number one things that you have to address and you have to deal with is you're thinking about your list, your email list is an asset that is intended to have as much cash squeezed out of it as possible. And if you're treating it as anything but a cash flowing asset in your business, when we talk about a cash flowing asset, real estate if I have a rental property and it just sits there and I have no tenants and I don't have tenants because well, you know, not everybody likes to pay rent. And, you know, I don't want people to feel like they owe me something for living here. That's the same mindset of, well, you know, I don't want to bombard them. I don't want to bother people. I don't want to be rude. I don't want to be disrespectful of their time by sending them too many emails. It's the same thing as having an apartment complex and refusing to get tenants because people don't like landlords. Now unfortunately, there's some weird people in our world that actually think that that way, but I'm not going to go in that direction.

[482:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you are running a business and you want to make six figures, you have to be emailing your list consistently. And so now that brings up the topic of well, what do I actually send my list? Okay, so just to cover, how do we actually get people on our list, we have to provide value to people in the form of offers. So for me, I do live zoom trainings, you're here on Zoom, and I put them out there on social media, to provide value to people that are coaches and mentors. And I believe that we provide the very best value of anybody who does trainings like this on the planet right now. There's a lot of people who are doing free trainings like this. And as I mentioned, this is a no sales pitch training. This is me providing value to you, when I when I sent emails, and some of you saw my emails inviting you to this event, that is me providing value to you, because I know how much it is going to positively affect you. What's what's interesting is not a lot of people like to talk about this topic, because it challenges many of the beliefs that they have about themselves, about sales, about marketing. And so we have to flip our perspective about sales, and realize that sales is actually a good thing. Sales is service sales, if you do it right is providing value to people. When I tell people about my coaching program, the client growth accelerator, and I invite you to join the waiting list for it. I know how valuable this program is with all of the classes, and the trainings that we have, where we walk you through every aspect of your business, how to be successful, and provide support and accountability to do so. And so listen, there are people who are pissed off, who get pissed off at me, for even mentioning that I have a coaching program on a free training like this. Well, he said it was no pitch. And now he's mentioning a coaching program. I have zero concern. If that's you, I'm sorry, if that's you, please leave this zoom call right now. Please leave 100% If you're somebody who is critical and negative, and all you're trying to do is pick apart, all of the things that I'm talking about that are wrong in this training, and you haven't made six figures in your coaching business. You haven't made seven figures, maybe you've made seven figures in another industry. Okay, but you haven't in a coaching business, I would invite you to be teachable, or to leave. Okay. And that's something that I tell people all the time, I'm not afraid of telling people to get out of my space to stop listening to me, if you're not resonating with me if all you want to do is debate and argue and tell me how wrong I am about what I'm sharing. And why am I saying this? Some of you might be like Jeremy, your energy is a little weird. Here's why I'm saying this because you need to have the same exact perspective with your clients. To where if people are angry with you disappointed, pissed off, don't like you. Get the pitchforks out and come after you. You're okay with it. And you won't even feel the need to defend yourself. You won't change how often you send them emails. Even if they write you back and say, Wow, bless God, you're sending too many emails, he just that I get those ever so often. Has it changed how I build my business? No. It doesn't. Did it in the past? Yes, in the past. If we go back a couple of years, I used to be very afraid of what everybody thought about me and I was constantly living for other people's approval. The number one thing that you need to do if you want to be successful as a coach, as a mentor, as a trainer is to stop living for your clients approval and focus on how can I get them a result. Now of course, we need to be mindful of where people are coming from. being trauma informed is very important as well. Understanding all of the different experiences that people have is important. But at the end of the day, you're not going to be for everybody. and you're not trying to be what you want to be is irresistible to a small group of people. And that group of people, they're going to join your email list with offers that you put out there. And some of you might be saying, Jeremiah, I don't know how to create an offer, or I'm gonna be talking about this at the end of the training here. If you don't know how to create an offer that actually grows your email list, we are hosting a live event, it's five days long, because there's a lot of training I need to share five days, five hours, and there's five Q and A's after it, that you can upgrade to the VIP and ask me questions afterwards, on July 10, through the 14th. It's a free event, it's completely free, we're going to be spending five days on how to actually build and launch your six figure group coaching offer. And this is an offer that gets people to sign up for your email list. Okay. And so if you're like, I don't know how to build an offer, can you show me how to build a landing page, how to point and click and do all that we're going to be covering that during this five day event right here, specifically, today. And the reason why I'm not covering that today is because the promise of today's training is all about monetizing your email list. So it's specifically about once you get people on your list, how do you make sure to squeeze as much cash out of that list as possible. If you don't know how to get people onto your list, that event is going to be the number one thing that's going to help you with that. But I'll just give you a bird's eye view of it right now. Because I know some of you want that is when I do events like this. I have a forum where people put their name and email address, and then they register and they get a link to join me on Zoom. And so by doing trainings like this, that's the number one way for coaches, mentors and trainers to grow their lists. You might be saying, well, what do I talk about? If you upgraded to the VIP for this event, you got the finding your niche training bundle, you also got bonus trainings on how to put together your lead magnet, growing your email list the fun way. So for $7 as part of today's event, the upgrade is also going to provide you have tools to answer that plus, after this session today, we're going to be going into a VIP q&a. And I I hope that the pitchforks don't come out too much during that q&a. But I'm prepared I got thick skin. Throw your hardest questions at me, I can't wait to help answer those questions with you in the VIP after this session. And so if you have questions about what we're talking about, make sure to join me in the VIP after today's session, you can you can upgrade to the VIP by either going to this page and putting in your info again. Or it'll be in your email as well. We'll put the link in the chat here. Okay. So we grow our email list by putting offers out there. And what we do is we do market research to figure out what are people wanting to learn a ton of people were telling me they want to know how to monetize their email list. Everybody tells me they want to know how to create an offer that actually attracts the right clients using paid advertising that doesn't break the bank. And that is profitable for them. And so that's why we we put together this five day intensive, okay. And so during these five days, we're going to be going over that together. So what you want to do is you want to have some kind of an offer, where people sign up to actually join your email list. So that's how you get people on your list. Okay. Now, there's two stages of this, once they're on your list, stage number one, let's say that you have this this offer right here. It's a landing page, and they sign up with their name and email address. And they found it off of social media whether it be organic or a paid ad. And so now you're gonna deliver them some kind of content, whether it be an eBook, a PDF, a, a class, a live zoom call, a five day event, like we're doing, those are all different offers, and in these, you're promising to solve some kind of problem for people. Okay. So your, your offer has to solve a problem. Whatever this is, is a as a problem that you're solving. Okay, so The reason people give you their name and email address is because you're solving a problem for free for them. Okay.

[642:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then, in exchange for solving that problem, you get to tell those people about what you have for sale, about your coaching program. Okay? And so then this is where you can tell them and we generally don't tell people this in our emails necessarily see, this is why you're not using the email to actually sell the people, you're inviting them to other offers where you make the sales pitch, at the end of your ebook, you might mention a coaching program, or another offer that you have, at the end of your PDF, you might mention it at the end of your pre recorded class, you might mention what you have for sale. At the end of it, at the end of your live zoom call, you might mention another offer for something you have for sale, for instance, you know, I'm not selling you something here today. But I am I do want to encourage you to join us for this five day intensive on building your six figure group coaching offer. Why is that because this is the number one thing that's gonna make you money in your coaching business is being able to create this offer right here, this offer structure, okay. And so that's how you actually get people on your list. Now, here's the truth, though. Most people who sign up on your email list for whatever this offer is, they don't actually buy from you right away. We use another colored marker here. They don't actually buy from you right away. And you might be an expert at how to close sales, how to get people to buy from you. The red shows up better on camera, by the way, I should keep using that one. And so realize that that's actually normal. And this is where a lot of people give up in their marketing is they're like, Well, I ran an offer. Nobody signed up, nobody became a client. And then they give up on coaching. No. So what you need to do is these people who signed up, they go on your email list and number we need to expect 50% of them to unsubscribe, okay. So what you do is you email those people with value, and offers. And you can even send them the same offer. This is one that a lot of people get really stuck on. They're like, well, if they signed up for, you know, this topic on how to start a dog grooming business, I'm not going to send them another email about how to start a dog grooming business. Like that's just disrespectful and wasting their time, because they already signed up for this and they didn't want it. That's that that is projecting what you think, onto your market. And it's not based on any data whatsoever. And in our data that we've found is that actually, by sending even the same similar offers to your list, at least once a month or once every other month, in a rotation. People will actually like it because Oh, I didn't. I didn't hear that the first time. I didn't engage with it the first time. I ignored it the first time. And we actually get thanked by people that we provided another chance for them to learn the very same topic that we taught six months ago. I don't get complaints from people about that. I find this than a lot of the fears just from my experience of I email my list once every day, and sometimes twice a day. And the fears that people tell me that they're afraid of I don't don't get any of those reactions from people myself. And none of the businesses that I've consulted have. But these fears are very real because we are imagining and projecting in our mind. We're assuming why people unsubscribed we're assuming why they didn't buy from us when in fact, the ones that are really wanting to connect with you. They will be thankful when maybe they signed up on on on June 17. And then on July 1, you send them another offer or a video that you Then on social media that provided value, and then they'll sign up for that offer. And it allows you to build more trust with people by having more conversation more interaction. By having another connection with them. The goal of emailing your list is to continuously be emailing people with stuff that's going to help them, I want you to think about this. Have you ever had a friend who's struggling with something. And you really take a lot of time to figure out their problem for them. And you really take a lot of time to find out why they're stuck. When you treat your email list, like a friend that has a consistent problem. And when you niche down to a very specific type of client, that is most likely to get a result with you and to buy from you, which we go over during the build and launch your six figure group coaching offer event, and you send offers to that email list. Even though 50% of the people unsubscribe the other 50% they will join your next offer, and the next offer that you put out there. Now this isn't a live launch model, I think this like people are just crazy when they talk about this is you're consistently giving people an opportunity to sign up for the value that you're offering people. And it might be the same piece of value that you offered six months ago, we have to break up with trying to manage, maintain and control other people's emotions, and feelings. And so in my business, I have one coaching program that I refer people to oftentimes I recommend people have just one paid offer that they send people to. But then they utilize their email list to invite people to maybe another training that they did, maybe a pre recorded class, or a piece of video content that provides value, or a five day challenge that will help guide people to a transformation during that time together. Whatever that offer is that you put together by sending your offers to the people who are already on your list, you're able to give people another opportunity to engage with you, and to hear what you have for sale. And so they might have rejected it the first time, they might even reject it the second time or the third time. But if they stay on your list, and you stay persistent, and you stay consistent, and this is something that I want to say some of you have experienced abuse by people who were persistent, and people who persisted and and wore you down. And and would they would they they were they wouldn't give up with you. And they abused you constantly. By being persistent, I want you to realize that emailing your email list persistently is not the same as what your abuser did to you. That might sound crazy to some of you. But there are some people out there. I know this because they're in my coaching group. They don't want to email their email list because they don't want to be like the persistent abuser that constantly would ask them, Hey, do you want to do this? How do you want to do this and even when they rejected it, they kept asking them that it's not the same thing, you're conflating business with personal interaction. And this is why when it comes to your email list, you have to have a level of boundaries with people. If you are giving people so much access to you. Personally, I can understand why you would be afraid of pissing people off and wasting their time and sending too many emails. And so part of the reason why you may struggle to monetize your list is because you don't have proper boundaries. And you're not making your email list to be a business asset that you are on emotionally attached to, that you do not connect your self worth to and that you utilize as a tool to get as much cash flow as possible in your business. And if you have that perspective,

[797:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll send offers that you have anytime you have an offer, you'll send it to your list. If you got a video that you put out there on your social media, you'll send it to your list Here's where and I think this might actually be the root issue is, a lot of people don't want to be consistent with their email list. They don't want to be consistent with connecting with people. And they're too focused on how can I make money? And how can I make people are happy and not enough on? How can I provide as much value to these people who are on my list until they unsubscribe or buy from me. And then you continue to provide value after they buy from you, of course. But if they unsubscribe, you can't do anything about it at that point, but how can I consistently at least once a week minimum, listen, you don't have to email people every single day to start to monetize your list, okay. But I would make that be a goal at least once a day with some kind of piece of content. And here's kind of a cheat code for that for you, that will help you know what to send to people, I'm going to give you a couple of cheat codes that we use, that will help you know what to send to people. Okay. One of the first ones is this is that you can actually send the same email two days in a row. Let me open this up in a new paper here. You can send the same email to people, let's say that this is Sunday, Monday, send the same email content and just tweak it a little bit. And one of the best ways to do this is you can open up chat GPT. And in chat GPT, you can have it rewrite the email just a little bit so that it says the exact same thing. And so then you can send the same email out with two different subject lines on these two days. So really, all you got to do is write three emails a week, take Saturday off, you do Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. But aren't they gonna be mad if I send the same information? Again, concerning yourself about the emotional response of people, opening your email list is not a behavior of a healthy business owner? It's not. It's not at all. And I know that that's controversial. Its controversial. If you're not making money, it's controversial. If you're so used to managing other people's feelings, it's controversial if you've built your whole business on codependency, it's controversial. If you have no boundaries, it's not controversial. If you want to be profitable as a business owner, in fact, it's required. Okay. See a lot of the stuff that we think, Oh, I shouldn't do that. Every successful business is doing it. And yet, we go out there starting out as coaches and mentors and say, Well, I don't want to be like that. I don't want to send that many emails, I don't want to do that. And then we wonder why we struggle to make the kind of money that we want to make. Because we're refusing to do the behaviors that actually pay us in our business. And so I want to challenge you on those beliefs. I want to challenge you in any area where you believe that it's your job to please anybody, that it's your job to make people happy that it's your job to not disappoint people and I want you to start disappointing more people this year. I want you to start being okay with people rejecting you. And if that's impossible for you that I want you to challenge, where did that come in? Where was I taught? Don't disappoint people don't upset people. Always make people happy. Where was that lie beaten into your head. And oftentimes it comes from could come up from a family of origin could come from parents, could come from teachers could come from an employer could come from a relationship. Your email list is no place to be projecting your insecurities about people liking you or disliking you or rejecting you or not into the interaction. It's a tool to be used to make more offers to people. It's a tool to be used to provide value to people. And if you refuse to use it for its purpose. You have no also ability to complain about not getting the results for work that you didn't do. I see a lot of people say I'm doing all the right things in my business, and I'm getting no sales, or are you emailing your list every single day? Well, no, I don't want to bother them well, okay, great, you're actually not doing all the right things. You're doing all the things that you feel comfortable with, based off of some version of what you think all the right things are. I don't mean to sound harsh here. But I have to level with you and I have to shoot straight with this. You have to be consistently giving value to your email list, you have to be consistently sending people. Stuff that will help them reach their goals. And that's what you got to focus on, is how can I help somebody else reach their goal today? Okay, now, what we utilize now to write a lot of our emails, and we've been doing this consistently for the last year, as I utilize chat GPT to do so. So what I will do is, I might take something right here, I'll say, Can you write me an email to send to my list about how people are afraid of bombarding their email list. And, or are afraid of pissing people off by emailing too often, and then connect it to a call to action at the end? To join my my free zoom training on monetizing their email list on Saturday, July 1. So chat, GPT goes ahead and starts to write me an email that then I can edit. Now I don't usually like the first outputs that it gives me. But I can start this way. I'll usually remove whatever this is, I hope this finds you well. And I'll say this is a silent question that hovers in the mind of business owners, how often should I email my list, it's a valid concern. After all, none of us wants to bombard our valued customers and followers with too much information in offers. The fear of being that annoying sender can be quite paralyzing. Let's pause for a moment when used traditionally, our email lists are a powerful tool to build a bridge that connects us with our clients. A silent underutilized email list serves no purpose, it's like owning a Ferrari and being afraid to drive it. That's that's a great example right there. By the way, if you're worried about emailing your list, too often, it's essential to understand this quality and relevance Trump frequency every time. This is amazing chat GPT. With such little information right here that I gave it is actually writing an incredible, valuable email with valuable content that I can share with my audience. And then at the very end, it invites people to join me for a training just like this. And that's how I write all the emails that we send to people, as I'm just thinking about throughout the day, okay. What are people struggling with? What are they going through, and I and in my offers, I create a mechanism for people to actually tell me what they're dealing with. You might have noticed that there was a Facebook group when you sign up for this offer here today. The reason for that is because there are questions that people get asked, What's your biggest struggle in monetizing your email list? What would you like to learn? So I'm serving every single person who at least joins this Facebook group here. And by the way, only about 30% of those who actually sign up for a training, actually join the Facebook group 30 to 50%. But those are the most engaged people that I'm connecting with. And so I'm able to capture their responses, and I just copy and paste them to a Google doc right here. Okay, so this is these are the responses from today's content. These are the responses from last week about running Facebook ads, where people are struggling with with Facebook ads, these are the responses for my five day event on creating your perfect offer. And so what I do is I'm able to see okay, because I pull my audience, and because we host VIP Q and A's after trainings like this, I utilize the questions that people asked me in the VIP, because I'm gonna be real honest, I only care about the questions that VIP people asked me. Because if you're not willing to spend $7 to actually take an active role in this training together.

[958:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're not really my major focus today on my Training. Okay, so let's understand that and understand that the people that are a VIP, those are the ones that I really like to hear, what are they going through? What are they struggling with? And I gear, my talk and my strategy around, okay? We're actually doing an event as well, this next Saturday, next week. Maybe you're wondering, you know, how do you utilize zoom events? What do you say on a zoom event? Well, I got you covered. Next Saturday, July 8, I'm hosting a free training on growing your six figure business with live zoom events. So we're going to talk about how do you come up with what you actually say, during a live zoom event like this, you got to admit we provide a ton of value to you in these trainings. And then on July 10, through the 14th, we're going over, we're bringing it all together and a five day intensive on on every step that you need nothing held back. And that price tag on there. $2,000 value, that's not overinflated. In fact, I've had people tell me that they've invested 10 grand in coaching programs. And what we gave them on this five day event was more valuable than what they had invested into in a massive coaching program. Okay. And so realize, just like what this email that Chad GBT wrote out, not emailing your list is like owning a Ferrari and being too scared to drive it. When you provide quality content and quality offers, how do you know your offer is quality, by listening to your audience, by by creating mechanisms for them to tell you what they want to learn what they're struggling with, what they're going through, what they're dealing with, when you create real value that actually delivers results to people, and you send that to your list. It builds rapport with your best subscribers, the 50% of people who stay on your list, love it, and they're excited by it, and they can't wait to see your next email, and they can't wait to see what your next offer is. And so by doing this, the name of the game is consistency, consistently showing up with content that can serve people. Now here's another thing that you can send to your list. Maybe you don't want to send zoom event offers like we're doing. You could send a blog post, you know, something you might not realize actually have a blog with like, really valuable content that you can read through, and I'll send these to my list to provide like this is essentially this blog post is a whole training by itself. each blog post that I have is like its own training. all by itself, attracting your ideal client niching down. You know, I'll send my, my podcast episode to people, we have a podcast that has incredible content that solves problems for coaches and mentors. I'll send a recording of my podcast and maybe you're saying well, Jeremiah, you know, I just I don't have enough time to make all that content, that's fine. Do what you can, I want to encourage you in that, do what you can start small. Give yourself the grace to start small, start with one piece of content that you could send people once a week. And over time, here's the goal is that you don't want to get to where it's actually time consuming for you to create a lot of that content. We teach you in our coaching program, how to utilize chat GPT to actually figure out what content people actually want to learn from you, and how to put that together and how to brainstorm the content. And as you do this, as you get really good at it, you know, I used to really, really stink at content creation. I said be just terrible at coming up with ideas of content. And when I committed to, you know, I'm gonna do one video a day on my Facebook page. And now, you know, I've continued sometimes I've stopped it a little bit. I've picked it back up one video a day that I put out there on my social media, it's on my YouTube channel, it's on my Facebook, you can find one brand new piece of content that I put out there. And the reason why I do that is it sparks my mind. It sparks me to have ideas for what to say in my emails. You understand what I'm saying here. And so what you could do is you could actually have a video that's on YouTube and you could take this video on YouTube. Let's just take this right Here, this was a video that I did right here. All about why watching film and TV is valuable in your business. Oops, let me share the screen with you. So this is a video on my YouTube. And YouTube, if you click these three dots lets you grab the transcript right here show transcript. And if I take the transcript of this short video that I did, and we go over to chat GPT I can actually have chat GPT, take my video content and turn it into an email to send to people with value. Okay. So if I take this Korean email based on the following, we're gonna paste that in there. And that's going to create an email to send to my list. Harness the power of storytelling in your coaching journey plus special event. Something I've been advertising lately, especially to my group is the importance of consuming cinematic storytelling. The most successful coaches and mentors I've worked with use fictional narrative as a creative stimulant, while an over consumption can hinder time management actually utilizing it to stimulate creativity has massive benefits. Okay, so what I can do is I can actually transition this, then into telling it to invite people to my live event. I'll just copy my whole sales page here from my live event, the main the main sales copy from it, the event that we're doing right now, and I'll say, okay, edit the email above, and at the very end, invite people to this event. So if you start talking to chat, GPT, like it's a junior editor, you're able to be able to guide and direct it and steer it in what direction you want it to actually create your emails around. Okay, stop, combine the two emails above. Oops, there we go. unleash your potential. I want to share something, no. Okay. Let me try the so let me say, edit the email above and keep the same content about cinematic storytelling. And then at the very end, invite people to this event. Sometimes you gotta correct it, and edit it. There we go harness the power of cinematic storytelling your business. Imagine telling your business story, vividly. cinematic storytelling is an art form. They can immensely elevate your brand. By harnessing its power, you can create immersive narratives that not only showcase your product and services, but your mission and your values. What if you could take that a step further and use it to effectively monetize your email list. And so what we're able to do is we were able to connect the two ideas from the video that I did with the offer that we have right here, and I'm not totally sold on this email that it's creating. So then what I might do is, I might take this right here, I'll take this email. And this is how I write a lot of the emails that we do, I'll usually take these, I'll copy them to a text document. And I'll tell it to combine multiple emails together. So I'll take the first one that he gave me and the second one. And I'll tell it to combine these together. Okay. Email one. And then we have, I'm going to paste email to at the very bottom here of this text document. Email to please combine these two

[1107:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: because this finds you well, and conversations with There we go. So it brought together both of the type of emails to create ultimately, the best narrative way of actually writing an email to my list. And so then what I might do is I might say, Okay, this is really long. Let's say, This is great content, but it's really long. Can you simplify it? My readers have a short attention span, but keep the same context. Okay. So what it'll do is it'll actually rewrite the email. More simply. I hope this finds you well. Consider how captivating narratives and storytelling and TV shows draw you in that's the power of storytelling. power that you can harness in your own coaching journey to connect with clients. Now imagine pairing the storytelling with an effective strategy to monetize your email list. I'm thrilled to invite you to this event, by the end of it, you're gonna have a clear plan on how to attract clients. Okay? So that's how you can utilize content that maybe you're already creating or sending the people, maybe day one, you could send that video to people, we can take this transcript and say, Okay, write an email inviting people to watch a YouTube video, a YouTube video, here is the YouTube video. transcript, and I know I misspelled that. And actually, there is a plugin that you can use. If you have chat, GBT plus, which I recommend you all get GPT plus, and GPT. For, you can go to your options and your settings, and go to beta features and add plugins. One of the plugins that we like to use it's called Vox script. And Vox script allows you to actually put a YouTube link in and it will pull the transcript for you so you didn't have to pull it. Here's the YouTube video transcript, it's going to actually pull it with Vox script. It's going to pull it in and then it's going to write the email for me. I hope this finds you well, I want to share an exciting video that I've shared as a fresh perspective on how we approach business. It's titled, Why film and TV shows. Contrary to common advice of productivity gurus who often suggest canceling Netflix, I argue that cinematic storytelling actually will help increase your profit margins, I explained that understanding the storytelling framework, such as the hero's journey can enhance your ability to coach. So what I'm what I'm showing you here is that this can help you create emails, that how people consume your content, have them consume your blog posts, have them actually click and watch a piece of content that you have. And then the next day, or later in the day, you can tie it to an offer, this could be the first email just inviting them to watch the video. And then the second email that you send out, connects them with the idea of storytelling, and why that ties into their email marketing. Okay. So that's that this is the method that I use to write all of our emails to come up with all of our content, is I'm constantly thinking about what are the what are the problems that I can solve that I that I'm discovering, and I'm making it my mission as a coach, to really learn to discover how can I help my clients better, I make it my mission to really learn more of what I don't know, and unpack more and more about what's going to help them. And so then I provide that value to my email list and invite people to different offers that I have to get them to an even if they're already on your email list. You want them to sign up for your for your next offer. Even if they're already on your list, you want them to put their name and email address into another offer. Why is that because it's going to trigger the algorithm correctly with your Facebook pixel so that it tracks those people as more likely to be your target customer so that when you're running ads, the people who are on your, your email list that you're sending the offer to actually help the ads show up to the right people better. Okay. And so if I have somebody who's already on my email list, I already got your email. But I'm telling you go to this page, sign up. Oh, and by the way, you're going to have to give me your name and email address again, while Boohoo. I've never had anybody actually complain about this, but it's a fear that people have. Nobody's ever complained about it. Okay. What that does is it fires the pixel on Facebook, when I'm also simultaneously running Facebook ads. And it tracks that person who's already on my list as somebody who is interested in this offer on this page. And so then by tracking them to that the algorithm is going to show my ads to people better. And that's going to also bring my ads cost down, we've found that one of the first things that we want to do is actually email our list with our offers. At the same time that we launch our ads, and our ads will actually start performing better. By doing that. We found that if you don't email your list with your offers, your ads will start to perform a little bit worse over time. Okay. And so just keep that in mind that even though they're already on your list by sending people additional offers, and the purpose is the purpose is to solve problems for them. The purpose of What you send people is to solve problems. It's not to sell them. It's never to sell them. Now, ultimately, yes, if you have a business, your goal is to get sales, to sell to people, to get them to become clients. When you follow the system that we teach you, and what we're going to be going over during these five days together in the build and launch your six figure group coaching offer, you won't have to wonder, okay, how do I transition this from them joining me for my email list, and now they're on a training or they got an ebook or a PDF? And now how do I transition this over into a paid offer, I'm going to walk you through all of that, during these five days together, we're going to be going over everything that you need, and how to create a highly valuable group coaching offer that that people love. And here's the thing, I want you to realize this, getting clients to pay you what you're worth. And also delivering world class results to those clients. Those are the two most important things in your coaching business. Your sales and marketing, your ability to attract clients, and lead them to buy from you is a skill set that you can grow in over time, and get better at and improve on and optimize. And so during this event, we're going to be going through, okay, how do we create that offer that gets people to sign up on my list that are the right most qualified people for what I actually sell. Now, of course, some people come in on your list, who are not qualified, that's why 40% unsubscribe, 50% unsubscribe. You don't have total ultimate control and power over who is actually going to sign up on your list with the algorithm. But we can get as close as possible to the line of making sure that only the right people that our dream clients that we're meant to work with actually sign up on our list. Okay. And so I'm going to show you how to do that how to launch your offer, with ease with minimal text stress, I promise you that. And proven results that are going to get mind blowing results for your clients, without you having to be on call all the time. Having boundaries, having the right boundaries to where you show up powerfully as a business owner in your business. Not as somebody who's trying to get validation and have their self worth, be validated by people using them. I want to challenge that some of you find yourself worth in people using you. And I was one of those people for years. We have to shift our mindset to that of a professional business owner and make profit be important in our business. Yes. Are we serving people? Absolutely. I've been serving people for the last 20 years. Helping 1000s of people why do I do this because I have seen I've seen 1000s of lives transformed as a direct result of my own of my work. I have seen families restored I have seen people go from struggling to pay their bills to be multimillionaires. And it makes me so happy when people start to get this stuff when they start to understand how the coaching industry and the coaching business is a vehicle to wealth creation for you. You know the last year my mom, she told me that she's grown her net worth

[1266:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: and and her assets more in the last year than she has in the last 30 years. My mom was a single mom living on $5,000 A year raising me that was me as a kid right here. Kind of looks like reflects like my son he's He looks just like me. This was me as a kid. And my mom was a single mom

[1276:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: who started in business while she was raising me and she was more afraid than all of you. She was more timid she had more codependency more toxic but A beer that was preventing her from making the kind of money. And she was doing her best as a mom. But I'll tell you these were hard. I have a lot of, I've had to work with a therapist. I've had a lot of trauma, we were not perfect. But over the years, we've learned, what does it take to create wealth, and cashflow. And I know that I know that I know the coaching business, particularly group coaching more than anything else, because one on one coaching does not provide you the ability to make 20 to $40,000 a month. If you want to make 20 to $40,000 monthly income, even if you're a beginner, even if you're not tech savvy, even if nobody has ever heard of you before, there was a day when nobody had ever heard of my mom had no clue who she was, there was a day when nobody had heard of Danny Johnson. There was a day when nobody had heard of my client, Rick Pino or Joshua Giles or Georgia and banned off. And so if they can do it, so can you and these are people that I've worked with, from zero, to hero, and they all utilize their email list and creating offers and attracting the right people that were meant to work with them. And they've got courageous with their offers. I remember having meetings with Georgiana with Rick, and with my mom, saying we need to get more courageous with this offer. And that's where the cash flow started coming in. And so when you allow yourself to be bold, in making promises to your target customer, when you boldly put an offer out there that promises a bold outcome, you might be saying, but there's no way I could deliver on that outcome. in just an hour and a half, there's no way that I could deliver on that and just a three day or a five day intensive. That's what we're going to help you with. During this event. I'm going to walk you through the proven process that we've developed, that we've put together that pays massive dividends to coaches and mentors, who put together an offer day one, we're gonna be going over how to build your perfect coaching offer. And what's the difference between a failing offer and a successful one, you know, I have had a lot of people they create offers, they go through a training like this with me, they create offers, and it makes no sales. And I have people who are in our coaching program, within 30 days they made $25,000 in sales $100,000 in sales $250,000 in sales within 30 days of applying our system that's possible for you. That's possible when you actually know how to put an offer together the right way that actually connects with people. Most people struggle with that most people struggle to actually create an offer that actually makes a connection with people, and then they lose money on their Facebook ads. And so that's what we're going to be going over together during this five day event is how to actually create that offer. What do you say? How do you say it? How do you position it for maximum profit and impact? What are the words that you say in the offer itself, so that it makes sure that you get the most amount of profit out of who actually shows up? Now I'm gonna give you just I'm just gonna level with you here and we're gonna be leveling. As you can tell I I refuse to lie to you. I refuse to not tell you the truth. Some of you, your your first offers are not going to produce six figures right away. And that's okay. Because it's part of your market research process. Part of our process is we have to test our positioning, we have to test how the Marketplace response, they respond better to one offer versus another. What I'm going to do on day two and Day Three is I'm going to give you the exact words to get people to say yes to your offer. Now, is that a guarantee that it's automatically going to turn into six figures for you? No, it's not. But it is the process that I teach my high level coaching clients of how to test things out how we iterate and how we dial in and optimize our offers. And generally when we have an optimized offer, we can generate anywhere from 25 to 80 times our ad spent. We had that happened with my client Rick Pino. of worship coach.com He was making 80 times his ad spend are working with us on this teaching people how to write Christian worship songs. He is making a million dollars a month off of this by following this exact same process that I'm going to be giving you during the event on July 10, through the 14th. And so the question you got to ask yourself is this if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, and you're struggling to grow your email list, and you don't know what to say, and how to get people to buy from you, and how to get people to, to convert to a client. Why, why aren't you registered for this right now? Join us for five days, and let's go over what it's going to take. How do you automate your launch the easy way? And then how do you turn that into six figures? With a coaching offer for you? Okay, I can't wait for you to join me on this. And listen, there's an early bird pricing. On the VIP upgrade, it keeps going up every single week. What do you get with the VIP on this? Let's just opt in right here. And let me show you. And then I'm going to show you at the end, just one final, crazy email marketing strategy that I can't hold back, I got to share with you. So stay tuned with me till the very end of this. And then we'll go into our VIP for this event. So not only do you get the five days with me on this event, on July 10, to the 14th. You get all the recordings to the main sessions, and you get a backstage pass to ask me questions, anything that you need. And you get the recordings to the backstage pass, plus four bonus trainings. You get the chat GBT prompts for sales letters bundle, what do you actually put in your sales letter? I'm going to walk you through using chat CBT for this? How do you get unstuck if you're stuck taking action. This is how this has helped so many people get unstuck, to reach their goals in their business. And then how do you do so working only five to 10 hours a week, the fun and freedom new stress free approach to business training, and my high level VIP mindset training, all of this the bundle, it's $23, the early bird price on this VIP upgrade that gives you five days of coaching with me. Plus the bonus trainings, plus the five days and listen, you don't have to upgrade to the VIP. But I would encourage you to do so if you want to get the most out of this event, you're gonna have the five days of training with me. But then after each session, we're going to be able to hop into a q&a kind of like what we're about to go into, for those at this event right here. And no, the VIP for this event does not give you access to that event over here and vice versa. There are two separate VIP tickets. If that's confusing write to my support team, they'll explain it to you, they'll help you understand what you signed up for what you have access to okay. But when you register for this, and you upgrade to the VIP, you're gonna get access to me, to help you to give you hands on coaching, and help and support and accountability on what you need to do personally in your business, to be able to build and craft and put together your irresistible six figure offer. And I can't wait to help you do that. And I can't wait to help help spend that time with you to be able to do that. So make sure if you're still here, if you're still watching this, if you're watching the recording of this go get registered for the five day intensive, go get registered for this training. Again, it's completely free. There's nothing for you to pay. But if you want to get the most out of it, the VIP upgrade is there for those of you Okay, now the last thing that I want to just show you is this when it comes to monetizing your email list. And this is a high level strategy. I feel bad for those that logged off early, unfortunately. Because this is probably going to be one of the most valuable parts of this whole whole session here is the next five minutes. I tend to do that. As at the end, I leave like the most valuable part. Okay. Sign up on other people's email lists. Join other people's email lists. Scroll on Facebook and find who has offers that they're advertising. Here's one from Joe what's his name? I can I can put right here. Sign up on other people's offers that they have

[1438:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: and have an email account that those emails Let's go into. And also part of what helps you create a good offer is by signing up for other people's offers, but specifically, you want to have an email list, swipe file. And so what is an email a swipe file by me signing up on this right here? Or maybe by me, you know, I could click on any offer right here. Here's another one. Oops.

[1447:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, she charging for this one? Yeah, it's charged. So it's a it's not a free event. And I go find another offer right here, okay, it's a free offer, I'm gonna sign up with my with my name and email address, register for a free offer right here.

[1453:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, and build a swipe file of emails from other people that are in your industry? Here's two reasons why one, you're gonna be able to see the offers that they send to people. And two, you're going to be able to see the emails that they send to people. And why would you want to see the emails that they send to people? Because the best way for you to know how to email your list the right way is to see how other people are doing it. And here's what's really cool now that we have chat, GBT, it's a cheat code. It's a massive, massive level cheat code for you that you can use. Let me pull up here why this is a cheat code. So if I am on a number of different email lists with different marketers, and different people that are sending emails out, I can go through and I can take a look at what emails those marketers are sending to people. Okay. So for instance, here's some emails that are being sent to me right now. On one of my catch all email accounts, I have over 40,000 emails that people have sent me related to different offers that they have. So here's one right here, this new funnel strategy will blow your pipeline away. Okay. Let's go back. Here's one right here. Bad news. We're almost sold out. Get your ticket right here. Here's one right here, comedian Steve Martin's number one lesson. And then at the end of it again, he's going to be talking about some kind of strategy that you can use. He I think he's recommending people check out Steve Harvey's book. So his call to action is actually go by Steve, or Steve Martin's book. Let's let's click on another offer right here. Ryan Odom watch Billy's journey. So his call to action is to go to watch this, this video right here. Let's, let's do this. I'm going to take this Steve Larson email. And I'm going to copy the whole email. Oh, look, he has a call to action to go watch a video that he has. And I promise you this video has a call to action in it. Every single person that is making money in their marketing is doing what I have just shown you with their lists. They're either sending video content that has a call to action, they're either sending event invites or offers to people. So let's go back to chat GPT. And let's take this email right here. And let's say okay, take the email context above, but rewrite it in the style, tone and structure of the following template. But keep the content the same as what is up above. It's very important to keep the content the same as what is above, not what is below. Right. So this is an email that he sent out. I'm going to paste his email and tell it to rewrite my email following the structure of how he wrote his a new spin on the coaching journey storytelling. Ever had those light bulb moments while you're sipping a cup of Joe and nodding along some killer beats? That's me right now and I'm telling you about this incredible power of storytelling. So I'm headed off to an event and the thoughts strikes me What if coaches approached crafting their approach their craft like a riveting Hollywood movie? What if they saw themselves as Obi Wan Kenobi and their clients as Luke Skywalker? Now infuse that with a robust email marketing strategy sounds like a blockbuster, right? Well, here's the deal. I'm hosting a free event where I'm gonna walk you through that process. For coaches and mentors after this, you're gonna have a clear plan on how to boost your profits. So notice his original email was this great ideas often come with a dose of caffeine. I was on a flight to Miami and that the thought came to me I was thinking, what if people could add continuity and at least trials to their offers? Instead of just asking them for their email and confirming events? I could also throw in options like VIP tickets or monthly subscriptions. Let me tell you How I'd like to design my future events using this model, click the link below. And so what it did was it took his email that Steve Larson sent, and by the way, he's a great marketer. And so if you find an email that's on your swipe file that you connect with, that you love, go through the process of having chat GPT, like, create a rough email for you. And then take that, take that email that you actually liked in your inbox. And tell chat GPT to take your email and the content and context above. That's why you're gonna want to grab the recording of this. Take the email context above of what it created what it wrote. But then rewrite it in the style tone and structure of the following to what's below when we say following it's below template, but keep the content the same as what's above. And so then I can paste his email as a template. And it will essentially rewrite my email the way that an expert marketer would write theirs. And I barely had to do any work, which at GPT. And then I can edit this to tweak what maybe feels a little bit off. Like this section right here, it feels just a little bit off. So I might, I might even say this, this section here feels a little off. Can you simplify, simplify it be less wordy. So I copied the section that felt off and I told it to fix it. Okay, here's a simplified section. Here's what's up, I'm throwing together a free zoom call, you'll learn to spice up your business narrative and turn your email list into a goldmine post event, you'll be all set with a game plan on how to pull in clients amp up your profits and supercharge your business. Okay. And so that's how we write killer emails, our main focus, but maybe you've been watching this, you're like, Yeah, but Jeremiah, I still don't know anything of what to what do I send people? What do I talk about? I've said it five times, but I'll say it again. Pay attention. You might miss it again. Your emails talk about solutions to problems your target customer has? Well, I don't know what their problems are, then that is your number one mission is to explore and discover what problems your target customer has, well, how can I do that? You reach you, you create offers and opportunities for people to join you and tell you what they're struggling with. And then you're able to craft additional offers and trainings and courses around what people actually want. You let your audience guide and direct your narrative. You get it. Maybe you don't, that's okay. I'm gonna help you understand it a lot better. During the event during the five day event, you don't have to understand all of this. Now that we have chat GPT at our disposal, we don't have to work as hard to do a lot of this. We used to have to do all of this manually, just by coming up with stuff in our head. Now chat GPT helps us come up with 98% of it for us and we just edit it on the fly. And so we're gonna go over during the five day intensive how to build and launch your six figure group coaching offer. Don't sleep on this event. I can't wait to see you there. I can't wait to work with you and see the results that come out of it. Alright, now we're gonna head on over to our VIP for this event. Again, if you're not part of it, you can upgrade and join us over there. It's going to be in another Zoom Room. I'll see you over there in a few minutes. We'll talk soon. Have a good one.

