How To Create SMS-Email Automations
Date: 2023-04-28T04:10:23.000Z
Duration: 7 min
Otter ID: -0J0HpWTizNy2zDgFjuDo2RKxgY
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right, let's dive in and talk about automations. One of my favorite aspects and one of the most powerful features of go high level, okay, you can do some AI appointment booking, which is pretty cool, which will help nurture your leads and turn those leads into appointments without you having to do anything. And automations are really what's streamline your business, at least your marketing systems, and it makes your life a lot easier if you set it up, right? Okay, if you miss something, you can really screw up the whole process. But if you're not afraid, you should be just getting. It's not it's really not too complicated. Okay, we're gonna dive in to automations and give you an example of one of my webinar automations that I set up, webinar form submitted. Okay, let's talk about an automation, what starts in automation, okay, that is a trigger, you need a workflow trigger to initiate any type of automation, whether that's sending an email notification to you, whether that's sending an email to your prospect, a text to your prospect, whatever it is, a trigger needs to happen, something needs to initiate the process. So this one here is if someone signed up on my webinar, okay, so if someone registered for my webinar, which this is my webinar webinar, by the way, has pretty decent stats. Let's see what we did this. On this last webinar, we had 40%, opt in and register. So not too shabby. Let's show you what it would look like what I'm talking about when someone registers for a webinar. And this is one of the most basic pages ever, and it converted at 40%. I think we had about 30% show up as well. So we don't need a ton of information, I'd probably add a little bit more than this, but you want to keep it simple. Anyway I'm talking about I just can't help myself mass start going into marketing. But stay on track here. automations. This is the webinar form. So whenever someone fills this out, it will trigger the event here, okay, the series, the string of events, that all happen in synchrony with beauty, it's an amazing thing to see if you set it up, in a good way. All right, so this one is the form submitted. If you want to set this up from scratch, just to show you how you're gonna go there to add a new trigger. And then form submitted is right here. And what you're gonna want to do is add a filter, make sure it says the form is and then you're going to choose the proper form. And then hit save. Anytime that form is submitted, it will now do these following sequences. So this, I haven't removed from the workflow. And this was like my initial marketing emails to get people to register. So once someone's registered, I don't want them getting those emails, right. So it removes them from the workflow. web hooks are you can send things out to Zapier and that's complicated. We won't talk about that you won't need it for now. Set event start time. Okay, so this is the time of your webinar, select the start date. Email, this is a confirmation email.

[61:03] Speaker 0: And we're just going to send them Hey, contacts, first name, got you registered for the webinar on Friday, March 10. And give the time on a reminder, Boom. Done. Now it sends a client an email, okay, then now we have via text because maybe they don't see their email, you want to hit them by text message as well. Got you registered, shoot me back your favorite emoji to confirm that you'll be there. I like emojis. It's worked for me. Anytime you can do something a little different. Don't be boring, the more engagement you'll get right. So I get a lot of people shooting back in emoji to confirm therapy showing up to the webinar. This is an internal notification. You can set this up to send whoever you want an email notifying that there's been a new webinar webinar registration. And then you can put the contact first name. It'll show you who it is that registered and their email. This is a tag or adding a tag here. We want to label them webinar registered, what webinar it is. That way that will keep your or prospects organized. And we put in a wait function here, right? And it says wait one day before the event. And then this is going to send a text message one day before the event and another confirmation, another wait one hour before we're going to send this message. We are live in one hour. Just double check if you got the Zoom link, okay. All right. So that's how you set up workflows. Pretty simple. As I always say. But these are fun. You can change the settings here. I usually don't ever go in here. So I don't even know what's in here. Time Window, okay. You can make sure that it doesn't get sent at like midnight. All right, so if someone opts in at four or two in the morning, you can give them a window, right? You can give it a window. And it will only send outbound text messages between eight and five. Pretty cool. Right? So that is a little bit about automations. You can set up automations for basically anything you can think of. Just the best way to learn though, is to honestly just get in here and start messing with it start building stuff. And here's just an example like based on appointments so if someone scheduled an appointment to do birthday reminders. If a customer replied a certain word, you can trigger a whole event. You can have fun with it. Let your imagination go wild but that is all I got for you when it comes to automations

