email scheduled?
Date: 2023-03-18T02:00:01.000Z
Duration: 11 min
Otter ID: E6nVfrkxfPy5Ct6TQrnoTc1e7EQ
---

[1:45] Speaker 0: So let's talk about this banking situation and what has happened since Friday. All over the internet I'm seeing this panic and this mayhem and oh my god, the banks are gonna go down and we're all gonna be without money and we're gonna need gold and silver and canned food. Well, if all the banks go down, honey, it's gonna be a worse situation than you even thought. And there's no way the government's gonna let the pain spit out why? Because they would lose the most money. The other thing is, is this bank in Silicon Valley was predominantly venture capitalists 95% and unless you understand the structure of venture capitalists and how they take their money, and there's payouts to the business that they invest in, and then some of the extra money gets invested in other things, you wouldn't understand what happened, but you don't need to. But what you do need to do is be wise. I have a podcast that I did last year and it talks about my seven income streams, I now have an income stream, you want to have more than one income stream. You also want to have some long term holds to be making money without a whole lot of effort on your part and I teach you how to do that in my stocks and investment. You also want to take 10% of everything that comes in. I don't care if it's $10 a week or $10 million a week. The amount doesn't matter the principle of multiplication does. We have people in our group who came in who didn't know anything that they were doing and now they're making on average 300 to 1000 hours 20 days a month, with very little risk. Not listening to a bunch of dumb Yeah, who's chasing after prom stocks, but making wise investments. I think another thing you have to do is you have to make sure you always have some stockpiled food I've been doing that since I homeschooled my kids years and years and years ago. It's wise to have some cash on hand at home. I am pro Second Amendment and and the right to carry and I also think you need to take care of paying attention to a few things that people are talking about social media. Did you notice that this bank went down right when a lot of the tech world is in another state for South by Southwest? Did you notice that there was a predominant small business venture capitalists and crypto involved?

[44:30] Speaker 0: Did you notice that Joe wanted to rush in and be the hero Why does he want to be the hero? That's a really stay wise stay vigilant. Get in my group. We have a big discount right now. The links are in my bio Alright, so let's talk

