email Writing - Lesson 4
Date: 2024-11-25T05:00:44.000Z
Duration: 14 min
Otter ID: EnIGlKcL4hXBX8zsDODa6_oFBdc
---

[0:08] Speaker 0: All right, so now that we've written our email, and we've gone over the different ways to write emails, but I want to go over is, how do you know that your emails are actually working? And I think that this is an important thing. Just to talk about a little bit, I've talked about this somewhat, looking at analytics for your emails and what you're actually looking for. And so inside of any email marketing software that you have, they actually give you the ability to look at analytics as far as how good your emails are actually doing. And this is one of those areas that I think you absolutely need to do. You need to be writing your list multiple times. You need to not be afraid to write your list multiple times a week to get your information in the hands of as many people as possible. And so what I do is I look at in all of our campaigns that I do, I'll look at all the different groups that we're running our ads towards and things like that. And I'll look at, okay, what is the percentages of people that are opening and they're clicking on different emails, and that tells me how qualified a lot of those people are for what we are promoting, for what we're actually putting out there. And so anything over a 35% is really, really good. That's why I can look at these completed campaigns, the open rate of over 45% 46% right here. This one's a little bit better is means that those people that that were actually a part of those campaigns were far more qualified overall, like Facebook ads campaign, the create your course campaign, were far more qualified overall than usual. Now, if I go down and I scroll down to like our client growth accelerator list, it's 55% of people overall. Okay, 55% of people is an even better open rate. And so you can look at that. You can look at how good those emails did. You can also go into your automation settings, and you can look at inside of autoresponders that you set up on a per email basis of your autoresponder. If I pull up this one right here create your online course, I can actually look at how the individual campaign did, what each email that was sent out in the campaign day. How many people clicked on it? How many people clicked a link in these emails? And like, we have a much higher even clicked rate on this last email that went out than any of the others. There's another one right here. Okay, this one did not have the most amount of clicks, but it had a lot more opens, so that, again, don't read too much into those numbers, but you'll notice, and you're looking for anomalies, and you're going to look for things that stand out specifically. Now the other thing is, is that if you're actually launching a campaign, and you have and you can look at, okay, what are campaigns that I've actually sent out to people. These are broadcast to my list. I can see which ones did really, really good. I can see how many people we sent the campaign to and which ones had a better open rate. Okay, so this one right here, 32% open rate versus this one was 23% 24% watch AI, build the business. This one has a lot more people open it. Stop launching into this hybrid evergreen method. So that tells me that evergreen is something that people really are interested in. New podcast, picking the best niche versus grow your business, more people on my list care about finding their niche overall. Okay? And so I can go through here, and I can look at, you know, what are the subject lines? What are the topics that people are really, really wanting more of from me by looking at, what is the open rate, what is the click through rate, how many are actually clicking on the emails? Which ones have a lot of people that are clicking on them? Follow this for the most profit, to pick the most profitable course topic. Again, anytime I do anything about picking a course topic, I have a lot of opens for those emails and a lot of clicks overall. So click through to open rate is another number that we're looking for right here. What is the percentage of click through to open rate of the people who opened how many more clicked through? And I'm looking for a higher number, percentage of click through to open rate overall. Okay, this one had a really good click through open rate. Evergreen strategy to sell out your coaching programs. Another great click through open right? So when you're writing your emails that will give you, it tells you not the whole story, but tells you part of the story. As far as which emails are doing really good, which ones people are responding to, which subject lines they did really well with, as well. And. So that's something that I look at. And I'll go into, you know, I can go into a couple other email softwares, and I'll show you kind of how to find this in these different email softwares. Inside of AWeber, if you're somebody who uses a Weber, it's a different email marketing software. You can see of your email broadcast that are sent out.

[86:50] Speaker 0: You can see which percentage of them did well. So if I go under messages and then broadcasts, I can see which ones did really good. I can see the open rate, I can see the click number, and I can see the number of people who clicked, the number of people who opened

[92:49] Speaker 0: and I can pay attention. I can say, Okay, wow, this had a lot more people who clicked on this one. Now, if you set it to less people, of course it's going to have a different number of an open rate. But that's okay, so keep that in mind. Is like this one, we only sent it to 4000 people. That's when we sent to 49,000 people. So you're so if you're sending it to a smaller size list, yeah, you're going to have different percentages that are opening based on those different things like that. But this will give you a great glimpse into which emails are doing really good, which ones people want to click through on, and this will tell you a big part of the story. So really start to know your numbers. Really start to know what are those open rates? What are the click through rates of your emails? MailChimp has the same kind of information. There's a reason why these email softwares have this, because it'll help you determine which emails are working, which ones to continue to send to people, which ones you can keep sending, which ones maybe You could like repeat the same email over again. You could resend something that you've sent out six months prior. You could send it now. Okay, so keep all of this in mind. Is that you're able to really get a good picture. As far as like, how good are these emails doing? How are they performing? And those are performance indicators that you can go based off of to start to make decisions in your business. Okay, now, beyond that, what I look for is, I'll look for individual campaigns. I'll look for how did this campaign do? I'll look at what kind of conversion rate did a campaign have. So the other number that I'll look for is like, if I'm running an evergreen marketing campaign, how many of those leads who signed up for that campaign ended up becoming sales, ended up becoming clients. And when you can start to understand what those numbers are, it can really help you get a good picture as far as what the best emails are to send out to people. Okay, and so I just wanted to talk just a little bit about that before we wrapped up. Here is, is understanding what those numbers are as well if you want to mitigate your emails getting blocked for spam or things like that. Spam words checker, there's, there's a tool that you can use to actually go find, yeah, this is that mail Meteor spam checker. So it can be a little bit extreme right here, but you can go right here under mail Meteor. They might be still available while you're doing this, but it's absolutely free, and you can actually type your email into here. And you can see what are certain words that we would be considered spam words, what would words that are triggering spam filters? And you can see the type of words that maybe might trigger your email being ignored by certain people or them not going through. Overall, there's a lot of different words. There's like 1000 different words. And again, not all of these are important, not all of them. I still will use words that this will say get triggered, and that's okay, and they'll get open just fine. But a good rule of thumb is to at least know what those are, and to limit how many of those words you use. You don't need to go extreme and never use some of the words. But this is a great tool that can help you mail meteor.com spam checker to know what some of those words are for your emails. So as we wrap up here, as you're creating email marketing campaigns, as you're growing your email list, a you want to be writing your list consistently, you. You want to be sending emails to them. You want people opening your emails. If you're not sending emails, you're not using the asset that you have. You're wasting time and wasting money, even growing your list. If you're not going to email your list, you're just going to kind of hold it and hold on to it, like this thing, like, I don't want to my precious as you will see so many coaches and mentors do that they're so precious with their email list, and that's not the best thing to do. You want to write your list consistently, a number of times, and you want to learn to follow up with your list more and more and more. There is a course that I put together in the in this members area here that I would would encourage you to go check out called friendly follow up, where I actually break down the science of following up with your list. And what it is is that people who are on your email list, they want to be nurtured. They want to grow in a deeper relationship with you. They want to get to know you more. They want additional stuff sent to them now, yes, are there going to be both on unsubscribe? Of course, but let them, let them go and ignore who those people are. There's a whole segment of people who sign up on your email list, who sign up for your offers. They will open everything that you send them, and they're just waiting for the next email that you can send them. And so you need to send them something, and you need to send them consistently. You want to send them content. You want to send them videos. You want to send them written emails with content. You want to send all the above that link to lead magnets and offers and sales and different things. You don't want to be salesy all the time, but you want you want to send things to people that you have to offer and take advantage of the fact that these people have joined your list for a reason. They're there for a purpose, and now it's your job to connect with them, to continue writing with them, and to continue to nurture that relationship. Your sales will come in by you nurturing that relationship with people through email, by writing to them. And now that you know what to write and how to use AI to write the best emails, how to brainstorm ideas for your emails you don't need to ever say, Well, I don't know what to send. I don't know what the right thing to send is. I don't know what to say. Because you can come up with any idea any day of the week by following what we've shown you in this course to send you your list, you can come up with any idea any day of the week. And I want you to have that perspective. I want you to have that mindset. I want you to have that where we're not afraid of writing our list. We're not so cautious of well, you know, what if they they do or don't respond, or what if, what if they unsubscribe? Or what if they don't want to be written so many times? No, like that is not the right perspective, in direct response marketing, and it's going to keep you from making the kind of money that you want to make. Figure out, what do people want, deliver it as often as possible to people, and if they want to unsubscribe, let them and the rest of them are going to love how many emails you're sending. And that's my nurture philosophy. Just continuously show up top of mind to people as often as possible, and the right ones, they will stick and they will become clients. Alright? We'll talk soon. I hope this course has helped you. You might need to watch through it again. Go watch through especially the last lesson about writing the emails. We'll talk soon. Everyone.

