Webinar_Preview
Date: 2021-06-29T23:00:54.000Z
Duration: 37 min
Otter ID: bOfxUjXxoY8rMeVfFdNardH-gN4
---

[0:13] Speaker 0: All right, everybody, what's up? What's up? Come on in. Come on in. We are just about to get started. I'm so excited to be here with you. We're gonna have an incredible few moments together. I'm excited to come and bring this webinar to you how to become a prophetic worshiper. We're going to jump in here in just a minute. As you're jumping in, I want to know where you are watching from where are you watching from? Let me know in the chats. Here we go. 123. Where are you watching from? Let me see it in the chat. Come on. Come on, come on. Well, I'm so excited. My daughter was just in here a little bit earlier today. So my heart is very, very warm. And I'm very warm to be here with you today as well. Listen, today we are going to talk about what it means to become and how to become a prophetic worshiper. Right? And listen, by the end of today's webinar, I am going to show you how each and every person can become a prophetic worshiper. Even if you've never flown in prophetic worship before. Or if you've maybe you've thought like man, it's not possible for me to form prophetic worship. That's just simply not true. By the end of today's webinar, you are going to learn that each and every person can flow in prophetic worship. Alright. We're going to get started with that in just a few minutes. But first, I want to tell you a story. Okay. We're going to tell you a story A few years ago, and it's a really cool story about the power of prophetic worship. A few years ago, my team and I we were ministering in the state of Pennsylvania. And the Lord's been putting this this whole idea on our hearts about prophetic worship and prophetic singers, prophetic musicians. And so in the middle of our worship set, I begin to share some of these different scriptures that talk about what it means to be a prophetic singer, a prophetic musician, scriptures how that reminded us that King David would play his harp and demons would flee right? Or first Chronicles 25 says that the sons of asef would prophesied on their instruments, and it gives no, no context for words. I mean, this is powerful man that there are literally worshippers who can play a single note or sing a single lyric, and demons flee and a spirit of prophecies release. And that's exactly what we're going to learn about by the end of the webinar. So this story is incredible. Check this out. We're leading worship in Philadelphia, sorry, in Pennsylvania, a few years ago, and I'm sharing my heart on the scriptures. Listen, God wants to release prophetic worship. And when prophetic worship is released, there's power, His power, His presence is released. And then we begin to prophesied on our instruments. Okay, we begin to play prophetically, we begin to sing prophetically as we did, the power of God came into that place. It was absolutely wonderful. After the meeting, the pastor's wife comes up to us. And she says, Rick shut her eyes are about this big. And she goes, Rick, you are never going to believe this testimony. She said, I just met a young woman who had came in here. And and she she proceeded to tell us a story. This young woman, she she is a witch. Okay, so she's a practicing witch. She's never been to a Christian event ever in her life, and never been to a Christian anything in her life. She's driving down the road and a voice tells her to go up there to that church. She hears the voice. She said, it's it's a voice like she's never heard before. She listens to the voice. She comes up the hill. To her surprise, there are cars in the parking lot. she wanders in. And she sits down. She's telling all of this to the pastor's wife. She said, when I came in here, I sat down and as soon as I sat down, that guy began to talk about singing and musicianship and the presence of God. And as soon as they begin to play their instruments and sing, she said, I felt real love in real power. For the very first time in my life. She said, I've been searching after love. I've been searching after power. And that's why I became a witch. But she said tonight, when they begin to play their instruments, I felt real love and real power for the first time. She said, it was so wonderful. I want to give my life to Jesus, this Jesus that you've been singing about all night long. Come

[77:27] Speaker 0: on, guys. I'm telling you if God can transform a witch into a believer under the sound of prophetic worship, What about the story in the book of Samuel when Saul was just anointed king, he goes down the hill and he meets what the Bible calls a band of prophets who are prophesying on their instruments. The Bible says that when he came into the midst of the prophetic worship, he was transformed into a new man. Come on, if God can transform people into new creations, if witches can be transformed into believers and get instantly saved, instantly healed, instantly delivered, then why not you? Why not? Now? What about you stepping forward into becoming this powerful, confident, prophetic worshiper that God is calling you to be? I want you to see yourself in that place. Imagine what that that that looks like. Imagine what that feels like, see yourself in that place as that powerful confident worshiper that God has called you to be flowing in prophetic worship, okay. And I'm excited. I want to tell you guys just real quick before we jump into the actual training, as you go through this training, I'm telling you, you're going to get activated, you're going to get equipped, your hearts gonna get ignited on fire, and you're going to begin to step into what it means to be a prophetic worshiper. A lot like Kimberly, one of our students, Kimberly, she said her after she's gone through this training, her worship had grown deeper, or Justin after Justin went through the training, he said, Man, the teaching was so deep. He loved how it was practical and spiritual, both practical and spiritual in the application. And then, of course, our one of our students, Rachel, she said she loved the training, and that there were so much revelation. Listen, God wants to equip you. He wants to grip your heart. He wants to encourage you, and he wants to launch you forward into your destiny as that powerful confident prophetic worshiper. Okay, so listen, let's dive in. Okay, now that a much more people have jumped in to the webinar, we're going to dive in, and we're going to talk about three false beliefs when it comes to prophetic worship. Okay. Now, listen, I know a lot of people, especially in the worship movement, the whole idea of prophetic worship has become like this buzzword all across the worship movement. But the problem is this. There's a lot of chatter about prophetic worship. But hardly anybody knows exactly how to really move in prophetic worship, okay. And what I want to do is, I want to begin to teach you and train you on how you can move in prophetic worship. But the problem is, like, a lot of times, we are being limited by our three false beliefs. When it comes to prophetic worship. There's probably more but these are the three main ones that I've seen after leading worship over 25 years, I've had the privilege of leading worship, in almost 80 nations, I've been to 79 nations leading worship, led worship all over the place. These are three primary beliefs that I have false beliefs that I've seen people struggle with, and I want to just address these break these beliefs. And then I want to give you the truth on how you can become that prophetic worship. Okay, is that all right with you guys? If it's all right, let me know in the chat. If you're ready to go for it. Let me know in the chat, say, I'm ready. I'm ready. in the chat. Let's go. I'm ready. Okay, so let's talk about false belief. Number one, when it comes to prophetic worship. The first false belief that I see a lot of people have is only the elite, or the super spiritual can flow in prophetic worship. Have you ever wondered that before? Maybe you you've seen from a distance like man,

[142:55] Speaker 0: how does that guy or that gal or this group, or this church or this worship movement, how do they flow and prophetic worship? Probably because they're elite or they're super spiritual, or they're special? And friends, that's just simply a false belief. You don't have to be this elite, super spiritual, super special person to flow in prophetic worship, okay. I want to break that false belief off of you. And I want to encourage you about the truth and the truth is this. Anyone can flow in prophetic worship. anyone say it in the chat? Anyone? Anyone, anyone. Anyone can flow in prophetic worship. And we see the scriptural basis for this in First Corinthians chapter 14, verse 31. Let's go there together or you can just see it on the screen right here. First Corinthians chapter 14, verse 31. It doesn't get more plain than this guys. This is the Apostle Paul

[158:45] Speaker 0: encouraging us and he says it like this for you. Can all prophesied. He doesn't say only the elite can prophesied or only the super spiritual mentor know, Paul said, you can all

[163:06] Speaker 0: prophecy and here's why. He said that all may be encouraged. Listen, I want to break off this false idea of of you that man, I have to be super spiritual. I have to be connected to this huge worship movement. I have to be the super elite, you know, extremely chosen by God, like only for the select few. No, no, God is calling the worship movement higher and he's saying I want you all to be able to flow in prophetic worship. This is not just for the Super lead. Guys. Listen, here's the thing when it comes to prophetic worship. prophetic worship is not just something that we do. prophetic worship is is who we are. I don't know about you, but I don't just want to have prophetic worship. I want to live a prophetic culture. And then the byproduct is is when I go to worship. My worship is also prophetic, right? I want to have prophetic marriage, prophetic kids, prophetic friendships, prophetic finances, prophetic business relationship. I want every part of my life to point to the Lordship of Jesus. And this scripture reference is found in Revelation 1910 be the Bible says the testimony of Jesus is the Spirit of Prophecy. Okay. So let me break this down for you guys. It's not just some super elite out there mystical thing. Being prophetic is not just about being whimsical, a lot of the body of Christ especially us charismatics, we can we can attach the idea of like, oh, the more whimsical it is, the more prophetic it is. No, it's literally this simple. Whatever points to the Lordship of Jesus, or revelation 1910 pieces, whatever testifies to the Lordship of Jesus is the Spirit of Prophecy. So when we are living lives that are given to the to the glory of Christ, when our marriages are pointing to the Lordship of Jesus, when our children are pointing to the Lordship of Jesus, our families, at our work, whatever you're doing, when we are living for the glory of Jesus, the Bible says that is prophetic. And I know this might seem like man, I thought the prophetic was just some some out there mystical, complicated. Listen, sometimes it can be very, you know, complicated or multi layered, but for the most part, it's as simple as testifying to the Lordship of Jesus. Okay. So again, like most people are believing falsely, man, this is just for Super spiritual people are super chosen special people. Now, this is for anyone, Paul said, you can all prophesy and it's as simple as this. prophetic worship is not just what we do. It's not like you flip on and flip off the light switch. prophetic worship is a byproduct of a prophetic culture, a prophetic lifestyle that we live. Okay. So limiting belief, number one, only the elite or super spiritual confirm prophetic worship. No, anyone can flow in prophetic worship. Okay. Let's talk about limiting belief number two, and this is a big one too. Okay. So I need you guys to pay attention to this. If you're paying attention, shout, I'm listening in the comments. Say, I'm listening. I'm listening. In the comments. This is a big one. This is a humongous hindrance for a lot of people who have a desire to flow in prophetic worship, but they don't ever step in two flowing into prophetic worship. And so this is limiting belief number two, okay. A lot of people in the worship movement think like this. If I mess up, or if I miss it, when I'm stepping out into trying to flow and prophetic worship, I will disqualify myself from being able to flowing in prophetic worship. Have you ever had that thought before? Like, man, I'm scared to step out because what if I make a mistake? Like what if I What if I completely fall on my face? What if I sing something wrong? What if I, what if I do it wrong? And you know, it's and this is the main limiting belief that so many people struggle with like, man, I don't want to try to flow in prophetic worship because I'm just too scared. And that's the false belief guys. The false belief is this that if you do it wrong, you disqualify yourself, but that's not how it works. In fact, here's the truth, okay. The only way that you can learn is to not give up when you make a mistake. Now a lot of people I know a lot of people are like you can't teach the prophetic like it has to be divinely inspired by God. Well, let me submit this to you then. If you're in that camp who thinks you can't teach how people how to prophesy, then why in the world in the did the prophet Samuel, have schools have profits? Why wasn't everybody just profit saying all the time? No, no, no. In fact, the Bible says, before Samuel was born, the Bible

[247:33] Speaker 0: literally says, The word of the Lord was rare in those days, why was the word of the Lord rare? Because nobody was training and equipping people in the place of prophecy, and in the place of prophetic worship. So God raised up Samuel, and even Samuel had a teacher Samuel learned about the ministry, Samuel learned about the presence of God, from the priests, Eli, who he was taught by another priests, listen, you can absolutely learn and teach people how to move in a prophetic spirit. And while you are learning and while you are growing, sometimes you are going to maybe sing something a little bit wrong. Are you going to, you know, maybe step out and oops, you know, we hit a bum note whenever we are trying to prophesy. That's part of learning. In fact, let's go together to First Corinthians chapter 13. First Corinthians chapter 13, and I'm going to quote it out of the NLT out of the New Living. First Corinthians 13, nine, it says this. Now our knowledge is partial and incomplete. And even the gift of prophecy reveals only a part of the whole picture. Now, here's the beauty of God. Okay, so another version says it like this, we know in part and we prophesy in part, here's the punchline, here's the context of what the Apostle Paul is trying to teach us, okay?

[272:48] Speaker 0: It's not like you're born and all of a sudden, the second you come out of the womb, your this mighty profit or profit is sent from heaven, and you would know all the pieces and you know, all the angles and all of the different parts about God, no, no. In fact, each and every one of us has a different piece. And we have a different puzzle piece to play together. When we prophesy when we work together, when we learn,

[280:07] Speaker 0: when we don't give up whenever we are making mistakes. Listen, like I said at the beginning of the training, Revelation 1910 be whatever testifies to the Lordship of Jesus is prophetic. Now where people miss it, okay. And this is I think this is where a lot of the fear comes from. People think that if they play it wrong, or sing it wrong, or you know, accidentally misquote the Scripture, you know, instead of saying, you know, Bethlehem, you said, Egypt or something, you know, if, if you're, if you're making mistakes like that, as you're trying to step in and learn, people think like, Oh, my gosh, well, man, because I accidentally saying it wrong, or played it wrong, or quoted it wrong. Does that make me a false prophet, know what makes a false prophet, a false prophet, is the spirit that they're testifying to,

[295:02] Speaker 0: you can have men and women who are incredibly talented, and incredibly powerful, quote, unquote, in the wrong power, who can prophesy up a storm, but the problem is, is that they're not trying to bring glory to Jesus. They're trying to bring attention to themselves. They're trying to get people to see Wow, she's really powerful, or Wow, he's really anointed. But when we are testifying with sincerity in our hearts, when we're prophesying with sincerity in our hearts, the father who is a father, he understands and he sees any parents on the training today, all you parents know what I'm talking about when your kids are learning how to walk. You know, especially my youngest son, Leo, okay. He's three years old. He's been walking for like a year and a half, maybe close to two years. And it's it's actually laughable to think when your kid gets up and tries to walk and they're, they're unstable, and they're a little wobbly, and they're trying, when they fall down. We don't go Hey, don't you dare fall down on you're on your rear end. You better not fall down again. That's, that's silly. it's laughable to think, you know, their hearts are sincere, their hearts are pure. They're not trying to do something bad or wrong. They're just learning and that's part of learning is your little wobbly at the beginning and you're like falling down a little bit. So I'm not saying you know, quote, unquote, falling down in sin or falling down quote unquote, in your motive. I'm just saying in the actual stepping out and saying, Man, I want to encourage people in the place of prophetic worship, I want to be able to release these prophetic songs that shake whole cities and shake whole nations. When you look at your favorite guy or gal who's actually doing that, I promise you, and I've talked to many, many of them before, each and every one of us we have, you know, funny stories from whenever we were just starting out when we we sang it wrong, or we played it wrong, or we quoted, you know, you know, just like Moses in the lion's den, you know, like, we didn't mean to say, Moses, it just, it was just, you know, when we were learning the actual steps of how to do this, you just make mistakes sometimes. And that's just part of learning, my friends. So listen, don't listen to the false belief that if I mess up, I'm disqualifying myself from flowing in prophetic worship. If you're under that false belief, let me just break that off of you right now. Because the truth is this. The only way that you can learn is to not give up when you make mistakes. And this is why this is a big reason, I believe, why Samuel had schools of profits, what do you do in a school, you learn, you practice, you train, and you go for it, because you are learning and that's exactly what the Lord wants for us as we are learning and as we are growing, okay, so limiting belief, number one, only the super spiritual or the elite can profit side. And that's wrong. Anyone can flow in the prophetic worship. First Corinthians 1431. Paul tells us that limiting belief number two, if I mess up, I'm gonna disqualify myself. And that's false. what the truth is, is that anyone can go I'm sorry, the truth is that old, the only way you can learn is if you don't give up when you're making mistakes, right? First Corinthians 13 nine tells us about that. Okay, let's talk about limiting belief. Number three, and this is a big one here, guys, limiting belief. Number three is this. I can do this all on my own, I can learn how to do this on my own, I'll be just fine. And like we were talking about earlier, a lot of people like, you know, you don't need anybody, you don't need anything, you know, no one needs to teach, you just just sit with the Holy Spirit. And even though that is true, in part, one way that God has built us is to be in community with one another. In fact, Jesus himself had disciples Why? Because when you are discipled, when you are coached, when you are mentored, it releases an acceleration in the spirit, right? So don't be prideful enough to think like, Oh, I don't need anyone to help me. I don't need anyone to teach me how to do this. Listen, we do we do? Can you learn it on your own? You can, it's going to take you much, much longer, it's going to be much more embarrassing. You're not going to have anybody there. If you try to do it on your own, you're not going to have anybody there to say, hey, you actually miss it here. You should correct this and keep going. Right? But he said that the limiting belief is that you can do it on your own. But the truth is this. discipleship or mentorship is the only short cut in the kingdom.

[373:50] Speaker 0: Let me say it to you like this. Okay. Jesus prepared for 30 years, so that his disciples only had to prepare for three. Do you see this acceleration here? When there is mentorship when there is discipleship, when there's coaching, it literally accelerates your journey in a 10x kind of way. You go from what took Jesus 30 years, you can go to three years when you're discipled, right? How many of you guys and gals have experienced that firsthand, either being discipled or discipling. Others? Were you seeing acceleration happen? Friends, Listen, I've been leading worship, like I said at the beginning of today's training over 20 years, but it doesn't have to take you 20 years to learn how to flow and prophetic worship but just simply doesn't. Because you're going through trainings like this, you're going, you're hungry, you want to get trained and equipped. You don't have to do it on your own. Okay. God wants to bring different people different resources into your life so that he can accelerate your journey as a powerful, confident, prophetic worshiper. Come on, how many of you want to release prophetic worship? That shakes whole cities under the power of God? How many of you come on if you want to see it? Drop some fire emojis in the chat. Let's go Let me see. Fire emojis, fire emojis. Let's go. How many of you believe that God's going to release prophetic worship out of you? We're blind eyes are open and deaf ears are open. I believe it I've seen it with my own eyes. Come on. How Have you want to see whole nations shaken under the power of prophetic worship? Guys, I'm telling you, God is calling many, many, many of you to step into that. It's not just for the elite, even your favorites, they had to practice, right? They had to go for it too. And so well, you but you don't have it doesn't have to take you decades and decades, you can get help, you can get training, you can get discipled. And you can step into this much, much quicker than you could have ever imagined. Okay, now, listen, I told you at the beginning of today's training, I wouldn't keep you long. And we're seeing in the chats there. People are writing in and they're saying, Listen, a bunch of people are asking here, is there any way that we can learn more Ken? Is there a way that we you can teach us more or do more of these webinars are people are asking if they can connect with me after the webinar, etc, etc, etc. Well, listen, I have incredible news for you. Okay, we do have an outstanding prophetic worship training bundle. And I'd like to talk to you guys about it if that's okay, you guys, are you guys cool with that? Let me know in the chats if you're cool with that. All right. All right. Listen, this incredible prophetic worship training bundle, it's actually called the Complete Guide to prophetic worship. It's the complete guide. In fact, the only way that you're going to be able to be trained even more than what we've put together. In this training bundle is if you were to actually like travel with me for three, four or five years or travel with all of the different people who are included in this bundle. Okay, so this bundle, it's the it's the cream of the crop. We're calling it the Complete Guide to prophetic worship for a reason. Okay, check this out. So when you when you sign up, and when you register for this complete guide to prophetic worship bundle. We've put together incredible, incredible resources for you. The first thing is that you will get access to the prophetic worship intensive with myself and Todd white. This was a five day training where myself and Todd Ye, we talked about prophetic worship. We talked about prophetic evangelism. We talked about prophetic worship evangelism. Come on. Some of you guys and gals are going to go out seeing on the streets, prophesy on the streets, and you're going to see people get saved, delivered. Just like at the beginning of the training, I talked about the witch getting delivered and encountered because of prophetic worship, the same thing is going to happen with many of you guys. So you'll get access to the prophetic worship intensive with Todd white. Not only that we've thrown in I did a six week prophetic School of sorry, six weeks School of prophetic worship with misty Edwards and Jason Upton How many of you have ever been impacted by Jason Upton's ministry or misty Edwards worship right? It powerful, Misty and Jason are some of the the mothers and fathers of current day prophetic worship. And we for six weeks we went on this incredible journey with Jason and with misty and we broke down all of the different nuances we got in the in the dirt, so to say, you know, with with their process and with their their approach and their their thought process and their spiritual process, how they prepared to write these prophetic songs and sing out in these prophetic moments. Incredible that's in there as well. And then on top of that, this is incredible. On top of that, we are throwing in a we did a an amazing training last year called the prophetic worship accelerator. This is a three month program. Okay. In Depth program where we go we do a deep dive with people like Sean Bowles. How many of you guys love Shawn bulls? I mean, incredible. He's calling out powerful words of knowledge, signs, wonders and miracles, mysteries in that as well. Emma start Corey Russell,

[466:07] Speaker 0: will Ford a ton of others and for three months, you go into this deep dive of what it means to be a prophetic worshiper. Okay? So those three things are in the bundle. prophetic worship intensive with myself and Todd white. That's worth about 200 bucks. prophetic worship school with Missy Edwards and Jason Upton. That's also 127 the prophetic worship accelerator that's 997 now here's the thing. We're going to throw in some bonuses for you guys. When you register for the prophetic worship bundle. You will also get a one year membership to Worship Coach. If you don't know what Worship Coach is Worship Coach is my online mentorship program for worshipers where 1000s of people from around the world are receiving daily training There are over 600 lessons on all things worship with incredible people Maverick city music artists, Bethel music artists Kari Jobe, Cody, Karn, Stephanie grotzinger, and many, many, many more. They're all in their, in their and what the one year membership to Worship Coach is going to do for you, it's going to offer you a whole entire year of continued support. So after you go through the prophetic worship accelerator, after you go through the school with misty and Jason, after you get trained and equipped by Todd white, and myself, we're going to offer you a whole entire year of support as you continue to stay connected with us through Worship Coach. And then also on top of that, we're going to throw in a free ticket if you haven't heard yet. In just a few days, we have the upcoming six weeks School of prophetic singers and prophetic musicians, we're going to throw in a free ticket to that as well, guys. So listen, here's what you get, you get the prophetic worship intensive with Todd white, it's worth 197 bucks, you get the prophetic worship School of misty and Jason 127 bucks, you get the prophetic worship accelerator, that's $997 worth of value, you get a free ticket to the upcoming school that starts in just a few days. That's another six weeks of training right there. Kim Walker Smith, myself, elevation worship artists, I mean, incredible. And then on top of all of that, that's worth 127. On top of all that, we're going to throw in one year of Worship Coach, which is worth $247. All of this bundle together is worth $1,695 worth of training, equipping and value, like I said to you, the only way that you can get more completed training is to actually travel with myself, or Sean Bowles or Todd white, or Jason Upton or misty, or Kim Walker, any of these other people in here. I mean, literally, this is the complete guide to prophetic worship, and we put this bundle together for you guys, we're not going to charge you 1695 bucks, we are going to charge you only 297 bucks, guys, we are literally slashing the price down only to 97. But you have to hurry. Because the offer expires midnight July 19. That's literally just a few days away. midnight on July 19, the prices going up. So listen, you got to jump in for all this value. All this training from all these incredible prophets, prophetic musicians, prophetic singers from around the world. And then also continue on with that one year of support there Worship Coach, only 297. Guys, so listen, I want to encourage you jump in, click that link, take that offer. Because if you signed up for this webinar, you are serious about becoming that prophetic worshiper that God has called you to be. I believe that many, many of you watching, you are going to just strike a chord and demons are going to flee off of people's lives. I believe many of you are just going to sing a lyric and literally nations will be shaken who knows. We live in a viral generation man, anything is possible right? Many of you guys and gals are going to begin to sing and declare and prophesied and your your church is going to be turned upside down and your family is going to be turned upside down. The blind are going to see the deaf are going to hear Come on the lame are going to walk you're going to see nations overseas shaken come on over zoom over over the internet over social media. You guys are going to start prophesying on your instrument, start prophesying and declaring as you sing, and God is going to grip people's hearts. Friends, this is not just for the Super elite. This is not just for those, you know the special few. This is for every single one of us. God wants to see prophetic worship explode in the earth, not just to where it's a cool buzzword, but to where people are literally seeing deliverance, salvation signs, wonders and miracles. Guys, I'm telling you, I believe wholeheartedly that each and every one of you have a part to play in this end times prophetic worship movement. Okay, I want to pray for you guys real quick. Let's go over this one more time. stop believing these three limiting beliefs. Okay, this is not just for the elite. If you mess up while you're learning, it doesn't disqualify you. And listen, if you have this limiting belief that you can do it all on your own.

[556:49] Speaker 0: It's going to take you way longer, so don't try to do it on your own. Okay. Anyone can flow and prophetic worship. The only way you can learn is to not give up when you make mistakes. discipleship and mentorship is the only shortcut in the kingdom. I don't want the staff to take you 20 plus years like it took me. This can literally take you a fraction of the time. If you're hungry if you're thirsty. If you're ready for more, click that link, man, check out the Complete Guide to prophetic worship. Check out that training bundle. Okay, you got to hurry because the doors are closing soon the prices going up.

[566:55] Speaker 0: Listen, thank you so much for joining me for today's webinar. I hope you've had as much fun as I have. Let me pray for you guys.

[569:00] Speaker 0: Holy Spirit. I think you right now that you are raising up a new preed of prophetic worshipers, prophetic singers, prophetic musicians, Lord men and women who are filled with the power of the Holy Spirit. Men and women who are bold and confident. They're not afraid, Lord, they're there they have their voice. Lord, I think you that you are opening up to sound you're opening up the hearts of all these amazing men and women from around the world. Now we're saying fill the earth with the worship of Jesus fill the earth or with this prophetic spirit, the testimony of Jesus, Revelation 1910 B, where we want to see people get delivered, saved, healed set free. We want to see prophetic worship not just in our churches, but in our streets. Holy Spirit. We thank you for it. In the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Guys, listen, hurry and jump in there. I can't wait to see you in the worship bundle The Complete Guide to prophetic worship. Remember, you only have until midnight, July 19 to take advantage of that lower price and then the price is going up. Okay. Don't miss it. Guys. We'll see you next time. And I hope to see you in the upcoming school as well. Okay. Bless you guys. Thanks for joining me. We'll see you next time blush

[590:15] Speaker 0: boom Oh,

