HowToWrite_Webinar_Preview
Date: 2021-07-07T21:30:30.000Z
Duration: 58 min
Otter ID: QCaidjKZSDtVJrtgJ-WNdZOEpvU
---

[0:08] Speaker 0: What's up everybody? Welcome, welcome. Come on in. We're getting started. It's going to be an incredible time together. Today, we're going to be talking about the best way to start writing your own worship songs. How many of you guys and gals are ready for that? We're going to have a good time here guys. It's Rick Pino. Here. I'm here in our studios in Austin, Texas. I'm excited to be spending some time with you guys. I am originally from Las Vegas, Nevada. Did you guys know that I'm from Las Vegas, Nevada. I grew up there till I was about 18 years old, and then moved to the great state of Texas. When I was 18 years old to go to Bible School. I'm saying all that because I would love to know where you are watching from what city? Or what nation? Are you watching? From? How about on the count of three? Why don't you let me know? And then we're gonna get started here in just a moment on the count of three, what city or nation? Are you watching from? 123? Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Look at all these incredible cities and regions all across the US. Of course, we got nations on here. Welcome, everybody. Welcome, welcome. Well, listen, I'm excited to jump into today's webinar. By the end of this webinar, I will show you how anyone can write their own worship songs, even if you have never written a worship song before. Okay, now listen, I've got a story to tell everybody. I want to I want to encourage everybody on here, because if you're on this webinar, it's because you are interested in writing worship songs, right. And there's an incredible story in the Bible. And it's a two part story. That is, I want to just base everything that we talked about today off of this story, because it is so powerful to when you begin to understand the potential of a worship song. It can go far, far, far beyond your own life, your own church, your own generation. And worship songs can actually impact many, many, many people, many, many, many generations. And so how many of you guys are ready for a storytime? storytime with Uncle Rick? If you're ready? Shall I'm ready in the chat? Say, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. You guys ready to jump in? Let's do this. Okay, let me tell you the story. So in the book of Exodus, you guys all know this story in the book of Exodus, Moses, and the Israelites are coming out of Egypt. And they've just been through hundreds of years of persecution, and the Lord delivers them out of Egypt. And the Bible says that as the Lord delivered them, they begin to explode into this worship moment. And it was called the song of Moses, right? You guys know what I'm talking about. It's called the song of Moses. Now, here's the incredible part about this song. Not only did that worship song, serve them in their generation, or their moment, or their season of victory and break through. But if you flip all the way to the end of the book, the book of Revelation, chapter 15, verse three, says that heaven was also singing the song of Moses, guys, this is incredible to think about, you know, so many of you guys and gals who are watching here, you're going to be writing songs, that don't just touch your family or your situation or your church. But literally, your songs are going to shake nations, your songs are going to shake whole regions. How many of you believe that? Let me know in the chats, if you believe that say, I believe I believe Come on, I believe that many of you watching here are literally going to write songs, who knows, we might get to heaven. And they might be saying, and they sing the song of of Shelley, they sing the song of Brian, they sing the song of Rick, I mean, who knows, guys, that potential that your song can carry. And this is why it's so important to write songs wrapped within counter. And we're going to be talking about that a little bit today. The power of writing songs of encounter, and not just cool ideas, and not just writing songs, so they can be hit songs. But when you write songs from the place of encounter, the revelation, the victory, the freedom that is in that encounter, that God is releasing over you, when somebody else sings that song, they can access the same kind of breakthrough, the same kind of victory, the same kind of encounter. And we see this again from the book of Exodus, all the way the book to the book of Revelation, and they sing the song of Moses. So friends, get ready because today, we're gonna dive into the beginnings of how you can begin to step in to writing these powerful worship songs. It's much easier than you could ask ever imagine, I want you to see yourself in that place? How incredible would it be? I mean, I don't know about you, but have you ever dreamt about being able to write these songs, these worship songs to Jesus or these, these songs that give language to the church and putting them out there, and then all of a sudden, hundreds and 1000s and potentially millions from around the world are singing the songs that God gave you? How many of you want to tap into some of that? I believe that many of you guys and gals watching today are going to tap into some of that. Okay, so, before we jump into today's webinar, I'm excited to let everybody know that I just right off the bat, I just want to encourage you that you can do this, okay. We've had literally 1000s of students come through our different trainings come through our different schools, who have who are starting in the same place just like you, but after they received some training, and after they went through some education, they were turned their whole lives were turned upside down in a good way. And they were activated in launch. I'm reminded of diamond one of our students diamond. They said that they learned and they grew so much, just by going through some of our trainings or Remy Remy was incredible. Remy said that they became a better songwriter and watch us they she became a more powerful, sorry, more passionate worshiper. How many of you guys want to become better songwriters, and more passionate worshipers? Well, some of our past students, that's exactly what's happened to them. Now watch this. Andrea said it like this. Not only did she write a song, but now she's getting ready to record it. In a lot of our trainings and teachings. We have also helped people not just go from songwriting, but go to the whole nother step of Okay, how do I record? What about publishing? What about copyright all of that stuff? So listen, stay tuned today, because as we go deeper into today's training, you're going to be able to tap into some of this as well. Alright, guys. So with no further ado, how many of you guys and gals are ready for the meat and potatoes of today's webinar? Today, we're going to be talking about the best way to start writing your own worship songs. If you're ready, I want you in big bold cap socks to say ready, ready, ready, ready, ready in the chats? Let's go. Let's go who's ready? dropped some fire emojis? Well, while you're at it, why not? All right, guys, let's jump in. So listen, today in this webinar, I want to talk to you about three false beliefs. For those who don't know, I've been leading worship for over 25 years, I've had the incredible honor of leading worship in almost 80 nations. I've written Well, 10 albums now all independent, my own worship songs, I've successfully released them and publishing publish them on my own. And I'm saying all that not to boast, but to say that you guys can do this too. You absolutely can do this too. And throughout my travels throughout my experience of leading worship, writing songs, being in in these trenches, you know it so to say, I learned that there's there's three primary false beliefs that a lot of upcoming worship songwriters are all dealing with. And I want to hit those right dead on today, I want to just come against these false beliefs and hopefully speak some truth into your life today, and release some freedom into your life because I believe, after today's webinar, you're going to be so empowered, so encouraged, so activated, that you're not going to have to struggle with these false beliefs anymore. Okay, how many of you guys are ready? Let's jump right on. And let's look at false belief. Number one, this one is so important that we deal with this, because there is a freedom waiting on the other side of this false belief that I want to hopefully impart to you and encourage you with false belief number one, and this one, this one holds so many people back false belief number one is this. I don't when it comes to songwriting, I don't have anything important to say, Have you ever felt like that before? Have you ever felt like man, what what am I going to talk about? Like, I don't I don't really have anything important to say, guys, this is a lie. This is a lie from the enemy trying to hold you back from stepping into your full potential as a powerful confident worship songwriter. Okay, so the lie is, I don't have very much important I don't have anything important to say but here's the truth. Are you ready for the truth? The truth is this. Writing from your own experience is powerful. Writing from your own experience is powerful. You might be thinking like well, man, I've I've not really been through much I haven't really experienced much. I don't know how to say it. Guys, don't let the lies from the enemy hold you back. The beautiful thing about King David, is that the whole entire book of Psalms was King David writing from his own experience. I'm reminded of Psalm chapter three. In Psalm chapter three, David is so frustrated with his enemies. He's literally asking God, Lord, would you punch my enemies in their mouth like that's, that was like pretty politically incorrect in the day and age that we live in today. Right. And then other times, David, just being a super emo worshiper songwriter guy is like, as the deer pants for the water, like he's having those really intimate, emotional, tapped into nature moments, experiencing the goodness of God. So at one moment, in his walk, he wants God to punch his enemies in their face in their mouth. Other moments in his walk, he's like, wow, look how beautiful the deer are, man. I'm thirsty for God, just like these deer pant for the water. And thank God, David actually wrote the songs and gave us language from his own experience. Because now you and I get to connect to these different things, whether he was scared or whether he was running for his life, or whether he was excited or whether he was thankful, or whether he had just sinned. And now he's asking God to forgive him of his sins, thank God. David wrote from his own experiences, because what that did is it unlocked a connection inside of you and I, so to where David didn't just disciple his generation in worship through his songwriting, but he's discipling, our generation now, 3000 years later, he's discipling us through his songwriting, friends. And that's exactly what I want to encourage you with today, the same exact thing can and will happen for you don't think that you don't have anything powerful to say, What's powerful is your experience, your perspective, the way that it happened to you and the way that God uniquely delivered you set you free spoke to you showed you encourage you, when you take that unique perspective, and you wrap worship songs around it, and then you put it out there. Friends, I'm telling you, there is nothing more powerful when it comes to songwriting, there's nothing more powerful that you can say, it's not that you want to say it in a new cool, crazy, clever way. It's that you want to say it in an authentic way. You want to see it in a way that is truthful to you that was uniquely authentic to how you and God walk through that situation together. And when you put that that situation that experience in song, it will set people free guys, so stop being under the lie, stop living under the lie of that, like, man, I don't have anything important to say you do have something important to say whether you just had a nice life, your whole your whole life. And you said man, I've never gone through anything write about it. Tell us about it. encouraged people, man, though, I have never had a day where I've had to, I've had to, you know, cry, you know, tears of pain, because the Lord has been so good to me. Like, tell us your perspective, man. When you speak from your own perspective, it's powerful. All right. So false belief number one, I don't have anything to say. But the truth is this writing from your own experience is powerful. Okay, who's ready for number two? If you're ready for number two, say I'm ready. I'm ready. Let me know in the comments. If you're ready for false belief number two, let's keep going. Shall we keep going CJ. Let's keep going. false belief number two. And this kind of piggybacks off of false belief number one, false belief number two that I've seen in my 25 years of experience writing worship, songs, leading worship, all that stuff is this when the songwriters, they're too in their head because this is the false belief that a lot of them have. Well, people probably won't really like my song, so maybe I shouldn't write the songs. Guys gals. This is another lie that the enemy is trying to keep you under that, man. Don't Don't put a song out there because not only are people not gonna like it, God's probably not gonna like it. You're not gonna like it but here's the punchline guys, that's the lie that no one's gonna like your songs. But I want to give some truth to you today. I want to help get you delivered from this lie and here's the truth okay. When you are when you know who you're writing the song for, that will help get you out of your head and into To your heart. So the lie is this nobody's going to like my songs but when you understand who the song was written for, that's going to get you out of your head and into your heart now what do I mean by this? I'm glad you asked. When it comes to writing worship songs there are three kinds of songs when it comes to writing worship songs. Okay? How many people are taking notes right now? Come on, if you're taking notes, let me know in the comments. I'm taking notes I'm taking notes. This is some incredible insight that's going to help a lot of you guys and gals in your songwriting Okay, when it comes to writing worship songs, there are three kinds of songs follow me here. There are man to God songs okay. There are God to man songs. I'm going to talk about this in a moment. And then there are man to man songs okay. There are man to God songs God to man songs and then man to man or woman to woman songs, okay. Now listen, what I am not saying is I am not saying that God worships man in song. Of course he doesn't. God does not worship man. But Zephaniah chapter three says he sings over me, it would see because worship and especially when it comes to our worship, songs, worship songwriting, in the place of worship, it's more of a dialogue than it is a monologue. We're not just writing songs that are just like, you've just put them out there and you never hear back. No, no, God is a lover. And God delights to talk back to us sing back to us, again, not in worship, but in conversation, in relationship. So there are man to God songs, there's the vertical songs, there are God to man songs, maybe it's a promise from the Bible. For I know the plans I have for you. What if you were singing this over the people of God, I know the plans I have for you, their plans to prosper you. There are plans to give you a hope and a future that is God speaking or in our case singing over us. Again, not in worship, right? And then the last one is man to man songs. I remember years ago, the wonderful song How great is our God came out. And you know, in the worship community, there were some people who are giving that song flack because they're like, you know, that lyric in there, you know, sing with me, how great is our God seeing with me? How great and people were literally saying like, why would you talk to each other and worship that's, that's, that's kind of weird. But friends, it's biblical. There are whole Psalms, where men and women encourage each other. In the Bible, they encourage each other in the promises, literally the you know, the Some say, Give thanks to the Lord for He is good. And then the other side of the room says His love endures forever. And we encourage one another. Again, we're not worshiping one another. But we are conversating with one another. We're saying Yeah, did you see what God just did? Or hey, cheer up gal Cheer up, guy don't remember. Don't you remember how God delivered us? Like it is completely appropriate when it comes to our worship, songwriting, to have man to God songs, God to man songs, and then man to man songs. So stop believing the lie like man, people won't like my songs. If you have a face for the song that you're wanting to get your wanting to write before you even write the song, then nobody else has the right to judge that song. Except for that face. For instance, if you are starting to write a song, and you're like, man, I want this to be just a pure set apart, vertical worship song to God, then why would you care if people like it or not, it's not written for them. It's written for God, right? Or if I were to write let's let's come out of the worship space for a moment, what if I were to write a song for my wife or for my kids, just to express my love for them? You know, I'm not going to care if like, you know, the random guy walking down the street likes the song I wrote for my wife. It wasn't written for him. It was written for her so the only person that has a right to let you know if they liked the song or not, is the person that you write the song for. So stop getting in your head, about like, man, nobody's gonna like my songs and nobody's going to accept them. know who you're writing for. And knowing who you're writing for is going to get you out of your head and it's going to get you more into your heart so that you can begin to more accurately and freely flow in the place of your worship, songwriting. Guys, if you're getting this say I'm getting it Come on, let me know in the chats right now, let me know in the comments, if you're getting this. Say I'm getting it on Getting it. I'm getting it. All right. So false belief number one is I don't have anything important to say. But the truth is this writing from your own experience is powerful. Okay, false belief number two is that people probably won't like my songs. That's a lie. The truth is that knowing who you're writing for will get you out of your head and into your heart. Who's ready for false belief number three, let's tear this false belief down. And let's build you back up with some truth. Who's ready? Let me know in the chats, drop the fire emoji if you're ready, come on fire, fire, fire, fire. false belief. Number three. Is this thinking that there is a best way to write a worship song? Now listen, I know this whole webinar is the best way to start writing your own worship songs. But friends, here's the punchline, that's actually a wrong way to think that, hey, what's the best way it's your thinking wrong when you think there's a special secret or a special way? In fact, the truth is this. There is no best way to write a worship song except for the way that is authentic to you. Friends, the key here is authenticity. In fact, I need about 15 people to drop the word authenticity in the comments right now, if you understand what I'm talking about, drop the word authenticity in the comments. Because friends, here's the punchline, what works for this guy or what works for that gal, when it comes to their worship songwriting may or may not work for you, you've got to tap into what is authentic for you. For instance, there are a lot of people who like to sit down and they start with a verse and then they start with they go to the chorus next, then they go to the bridge. Other people start with a melody. Others start with lyrics and friends. Here's the punchline, there is no right way to do this. It's whatever feels natural and authentic and right for you, in your approach to writing worship songs. Okay. Now, here's my biggest thing when it comes to approaching worship songwriting from an authentic heart and an authentic place. I sincerely try to encourage people to do what feels right for you when it comes to writing your worship songs. Because when you do this, again, it's kind of like false belief. Number one, false belief number two, you get out of your head, you stop overthinking it that overthinking is one of the biggest problems. When it comes to writing worship songs, you fall into what's called analysis, paralysis, okay? You are overthinking it's so much that you paralyze yourself from actually getting out there and doing right. So here's the thing, I want to talk to you about authenticity here at false belief number three, what what's the secret to writing? You know, what's the best way to write a worship song? And the truth is this there is no best way except for what is authentic to you. Again, authenticity in the comments. Let me see it. Authenticity is the key guys, john chapter four. Let's look at john chapter four for a moment.

[373:41] Speaker 0: In john, chapter four, Jesus is has met a woman at a well, and he begins to revelate to her and he begins to teach her about an incredible insight about our Father God. And Jesus says, this woman, listen, the father is seeking worshipers who worship in what? spirit and in truth, so just the idea of Jesus laid this down for us. Just the idea that the Father is seeking worshipers? Can you imagine that? Let's think about that for a quick moment, guys. Right now the eyes of the Lord are roaming the earth. The Lord is searching to and fro, and what is he looking for? He's looking for worshipers, and not just any worshippers. He's looking for worshipers who worship in spirit. And in truth, guys that were truth is authenticity. The father is looking for those authentic worshipers. Why is is your favorite worship leader or group or guy or gal? so incredible. Why are they as incredible as they are? It's because they're authentic. Friends, there is only one Stephanie grotzinger Why is she so powerful? Because there's only one her she's authentically her. Or Why does everybody love Maverick city music so much right now I do too. What makes them so unique, so passionate, so anointed, they're authentic. Friends when it comes to writing songs. Stop thinking that there is this is a false belief This is possibly number three, stop thinking that there's some magic formula or best way to do it, there's not. The best way to do this is to simply tap in to your own authenticity. Because the Bible says the truth shall set you free. Listen, when you are living authentically before the Lord, when you are writing songs that come from an authentic place of love or passion, or overcoming fear or anxiety or worry, when you're writing authentically, when you're worshiping authentically, that truth is going to set people free. How many of you guys and gals believe that Come on, drop the word freedom in the chats right now how many of you guys and gals want to see freedom released over not just your family, but in your church, in your region Come on in the nations of the earth, God is about to raise up some authentic songwriters, some authentic worshipers who are not afraid of what people think about them, who are not afraid to fail, who are not afraid to just go for it, and they're going to shake whole cities, they're going to shake whole regions, they're going to shake whole nations. How many of you guys and gals believe it? Come on, if you believe it, drop some fire emojis in the chats right now. So let's look at this one more time. Let's go over this one more time, and recap. Okay. So over the course of my travels around the world, I've noticed three false beliefs. We're tearing those beliefs down today. And we're building you up with truth. false belief number one is that you don't have anything important to say. That's a lie. I feel like I'm on the Maury show right now. That's a lie. You do have something Gaga, that one got CJ, come on CJ, gotcha. You do have something powerful to say. And writing from your own experience is powerful. false belief. Number two people probably won't like my songs. That's a lie. Come on. Somebody said Hallelu. Maureen, come on. That's a lie. And the truth is this. Knowing who you're writing for, will get you out of your head and into your heart. So you can stop thinking and stop caring about what people think about your songs that you wrote for God or for your spouse or for your kids come on somebody. And false belief. Number three is this, that you think there's the best way to approach writing worship songs, but the truth is this. There is no best way except for authenticity, except for the way that is authentic to you. Friends, I'm telling you, how many of you are ready to go to the next level. In your worship, songwriting, come on. Some of you guys and gals have dreams. Some of you guys have visions, maybe you've had actual dreams, where you've been leading the nations in worship, or people have been singing songs to Jesus that he gave you in the secret place. My question to you is, Why not you? And why not? Now how many of you guys are ready for this? Come on. With God, all things are possible friends, this is what God is calling us to in this hour. And friends. It's not just for hit songs. It's not just for charts. It's not just for royalty checks. This is to see the glory of God break out with every tribe, every tongue, every nation, God is going to raise some of you guys and gals up in this hour, who don't just write powerful songs, the way that the US Does, does it but some of you guys are going to write songs for your native nation. Come on, you're going to do it in an authentic, powerful way writing from your own experience. And people are literally going to be set free, just like they sing the song of Moses in the book of Exodus. People are going to be singing your songs all over your nation, guys, come on, why not? You? Why not now? Why not? You? Why not now? Okay. So listen, I'm I'm looking here in some of the chats and some of the messages we have coming in. Lots of people are writing in and asking, listen, is there any way that we can learn more? Is there any way that we connect with you some more after the webinar? Do you have any more teaching, training on songwriting? A lot of people are asking this and I'm glad you're asking because listen, we do actually have an outstanding worship songwriting program. And it's called the one song away training program. It's an eight week worship songwriting training program. And listen, since so many of you guys and gals are asking if you could connect with this more if there's more information about this. Would it be okay with you if I actually shared how incredible this training program is with you guys? Would that be all right? Let me know if that would be all right in the chats. Well, thank you. Let me tell you guys about So in this incredible one song away worship songwriting training program okay. The reason why we're calling it one song away is because literally, you are one song away from your whole entire life being changed guys. I'm telling you I have seen this in my own personal life where the Lord will drop a song or he will he will encourage me or through revelation or through just diligence of sitting down to write a song you put a song out and literally songs you guys and gals know the songs can literally fly much further than a sermon ever could. And that one song that just goes out into the planet it literally can change your life your one song away. Now, let me tell you about this training program. Okay, so in this training program, we are offering you a bunch of incredible courses, a masterclass all this incredible stuff. So when you sign up for the one song away worship song training program, we are going to give you the wild and free worship intensive Okay. Now this is an in depth intensive where we are going after the first thing being first is God never intended for worship to become domesticated. In fact, did you know that domesticated lions, their roar is two times weaker and softer than lions who are out in the wild. Now I'm not talking about being wild just for the sake of drawing attention to yourself. I'm talking about the word wild means to be on, domesticated uncaged, unhindered, and God wants to release some wild and free worshipers into the earth. I believe that you're going to be one of those that that intensive as recordings, we've got Q and A's in there, you've got PDF notes. On top of that, not only are we going to give you the wild and free intensive, you will also get the six week songwriting school with Maverick city music artists, Brandon Lake, Naomi rain, Aaron, Moses, myself will be in there. And then of course, Leland will be in there as well, the guy who brought us waymaker miracle worker, come on, you guys will get access to that as well. That alone is a six week program with incredible teachings trainings from the best in the worship movement. On top of that, there's Q and A's again, there's PDF notes. So when you sign up for the training program, not only will you get the wild and free worship intensive, you will also get the six week songwriting school with map city Leland. On top of that, we're going to give you access to the private songwriters community group. So we have a private songwriters group with 1000s of songwriters who are like minded and like hearted just like you. This alone is really invaluable because people are connecting with each other. They're collaborating with each other. They're co writing, they're they're connecting, they're building bridges, songwriting bridges from around the world. It is absolutely phenomenal to see the synergy that's happening on the inside of this group. So you'll get access to that private community group as well. So when you sign up for the training bundle, you'll get the wild and free intensive the six week songwriting school with Mab city you'll get access to the private songwriters community group. And then we're also going to throw in an eight week songwriting masterclass with myself, so for eight weeks, I'm going to walk with you through every single question that you have about songwriting. We can talk about music, publishing, copyrights, all of this stuff that comes with songwriting, especially worship songwriting. So one more time, when you sign up, you're going to get the wild and free worship intensive the six week songwriting school with map city access to the private community group, eight week songwriting masterclass, and then we're going to throw in some bonuses for you guys. Okay, when you sign up, we are going to throw in lifetime access to an incredible class called intro to Music Publishing. I know many of you guys and gals even have been asking in the chats here today. What about music publishing, what about copyrights? Well, I'm glad you're asking. So my best friend and I, for years, we have had the privilege of helping to manage and steward music publishing and copyright administration for a lot of your favorite worshippers, worship artists songs, man songs like reckless love way maker, artists like Stephanie gret, singer Jeremy riddle Mab city and a bunch of others. We've had the honor of being able to help them steward their publishing and copyright. And we did a whole entire class called intro to Music Publishing. When you sign up, I'm going to throw in that bonus as well. And then of course, we're going to throw in one more bone When you sign up for the eight week one song away worship songwriting training program. It's a mouthful. We're also going to throw in a free one year membership to Worship Coach. Which if you don't know what Worship Coach is Worship Coach is my online mentorship program for worshipers. There are over 600 lessons. Listen, we just went through, you know, 45 minutes an hour of training here. What are you going to do with 600 lessons, we've got music lessons, we've got theology lessons, we've got the best of the best on there Kerry job Cody Carnes, Jason upt, and Stephanie grotzinger, and tons other Maverick city music artists, we have so many people on there them as well as myself, we are your coaches. And when you sign up, we're going to give you a free one year membership to that. So you can get a whole entire year of support, not just to go through the program, but to get a whole year of support in your worship, songwriting. So one more time when you sign up, we'll give you the wild and free intensive it's worth 97 bucks, you'll get the six week songwriting School of math city and others 147 how much it costs. You'll get access to the private songwriters community group that's 97 bucks a week songwriting masterclass with myself, that's 997. And then the bonuses you'll get lifetime access to intro to Music Publishing, with myself and Adam Carpenter that's for 97. And then a free one year membership to worship worship coach, which is 247. All together, this whole program is worth over $2,000. And you can get all of it today for only 297. Guys, we've slashed the price down for you jump in I'm telling you if you're ready to go to the next level in your worship, songwriting, if you're ready to get activated far beyond these three false beliefs and you're ready to actually do something with your songwriting. This is the training program for you. Okay, learn from the best Mab city and Leland and all these others. Learn Music Publishing copyright, it's all in there, guys. Don't miss this opportunity. By the way, you only have until August 3, because the price is going up on August 3. Okay, so you got to jump in right now because you only have a few days left to get the lower price. Okay, so listen, we're about to jump in with some q&a, I want to take some of your questions and give some answers because lots of people have been asking questions. Here's the cool part. Okay, here in just a moment, there's going to be a timer come up on the screen. And if you jump into the training program, before that timer ends, we're going to give you those bonuses that I mentioned, okay, those intro to music publishing that free one year membership to Worship Coach, but you got to jump in before it's too late. CJ, let's get ready. Are we ready to take some Q and A's? Let's get ready to take some Q and A's. If you guys have a question. Go ahead and drop them there in the chats, we're going to get to as many of them as possible. Okay, we ready? Let's do this CJ, we got the first question here. Okay, he's pulling it up here. All right.

[612:01] Speaker 1: So that first question is, how long should it take to write a song?

[613:21] Speaker 0: How long should it take to write a song? This is an excellent question. By the way, writing a song like I was talking about in the third false belief and authenticity. There's no right time to write a song like that. You don't have to say like, oh, the song should take me, you know, this longer that long. Some songs I have finished in five minutes. And other songs I have literally finished in five years. I was talking to to Brandon Lake about this recently, from map city. Same thing for him. Sometimes he'll write a song, and it goes by very quickly. Other times, he'll write a song and it takes a year, two years, three years. The way I say it is this some songs you sweat out, and some songs you bleed out, meaning sometimes a song will just come sometimes a song will just flow. And those are the ones that you it's like, if you cut you, you just you bleed out a song and it's just done. Those are the best ones because that's the easiest ones, right? Like, we all love when a song just comes in it's and it's there. But other times you got to sweat it out. Other times you got to work on it. You got to you know, maybe you get a little piece here a little piece there and then you set it on the shelf or somebody else comes in and they have a piece and you guys write it together. Those are like the sweating out songs. But the punchline is this there's no right time to write songs. Again, it just got to be authentic to you. Right so don't get hung up on man this this song should have been done in a week. Or man this song should have been done in a year. Just go at your own pace. And the song will come and it will be just right. awesome question CJ. Let's get some more questions going.

[639:10] Speaker 1: Yeah, so I got someone here asking. They say I have many Lyrics already written, but I'm not quite sure what to do next. Do you have any suggestions?

