Write Your Video Ad Script Webinar
Date: 2022-10-15T18:44:54.000Z
Duration: 122 min
Otter ID: XK2Z7zwc0So8m9uuDOMDhsWxm58
---

[0:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. All right. Hello, hello. Hello, everybody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome to the live webinar today. Welcome Saturday, we're going to be coming in on here. Let me just go live real quick in the Facebook group just for people that are in there. And then we're gonna get started. Listen, I'm excited to work with you. Let me turn on the return on the chat. I keep forgetting to turn on the chat every time we do this. chat settings. All right now everybody can chat. Everybody can comment, you can go into the chat, you can ask questions, you can post that in here. So I'm excited for those of you that are here. Thank you for being here on a Saturday afternoon. Thank you for being here on a Saturday morning. And you're the people who have said, I want to successfully build a six figure coaching business, I want to know exactly what to say in my video ads. I want to know how to say it the right way. I want to know how to communicate how to connect with and share with people my message and reach customers and clients doing that. And so that's what we're gonna be going over today. So right now we're live streaming now we're across all the social medias. We're live streaming here in the Facebook group. Let me see the live stream is going on. Perfect. There's the live stream right there. We are live now in the Facebook group. So let me know where you're watching from. And here's the thing I want to make this interactive today. If you are a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor, if you're an author, tell me who is your customer? What do you offer them or post a link to your offer that you want us to come up with some ads for, we're actually going to write up some of your ad scripts live on here, which is really cool. I did this for copyrighting a few months back. And I want to do this for a number of people on here, we're gonna go over the methodology. But what I'm wanting to spend a lot of this time doing is even helping you come up with the exact words to do. And there's a formula to do this. To be honest, it only takes about five minutes to teach the formula. I've actually taught the formula in the pre trainings already, a little bit of it, and you can go back and watch those. But it does take some practice to actually learn the nuance of what produces results with ads. And so for those of you that I haven't met yet, my name is Jeremiah Krakowski. And if you notice, I'm not looking at the camera right now I'm just doing a few things. While I'm going over this with you and then I will be totally focused and zoomed in on you. I've been building online businesses in the online space for last 19 years. I started as a video editor for a lady named Danny Johnson, and helped put together their videos and then started learning about marketing. And I started running Facebook ads back in 2008. So I've been running Facebook ads, since that's either 2008 or 2009. Let me look this up here. Because I want to make sure that I'm factual in everything that I'm sharing with you of Facebook ads in general, if you go to Wikipedia,

[50:25] Speaker 1: you go to Wikipedia.

[51:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Facebook ads was launched in two, I think it was 2009 or 2008. Ads, let's see what did they launched the ads platform. Advertising, advertising advertising, somewhere around there. 2000 2008 2009. I started advertising on there for affiliate marketing. And I actually spent about a half a million dollars in ads on affiliate marketing campaigns. My margins weren't that much, I was spending about a half a million to bring in about 750,000. But as a 19 year old, I was excited because I was man made like a quarter of a million dollars, just affiliate marketing stuff through Facebook ads. And since then, I've spent and manage over $10 million in Facebook ads for coaches, trainers, mentors and authors, specifically people that have information that they want to help other people that they want to bring transformation and they want to coach people and they want to teach people their message. That's what I know how to run Facebook ads the best for so if you're somebody who's in E commerce, if you're somebody who's in network marketing, you're not going to get a whole if you're if even affiliate marketing. You're not going to get a whole lot out of this training right here. Because this formula is what works best for coaches and course creators. People that teach others people that coach others people that lead others. That's who this is for Okay, and so if that's you, you're in the right place, man, I'm excited to work with you. I'm excited to help you with that. I have a CES 2007 Okay, perfect. Yeah, so it was actually before I thought I got started way back then too though. I think it was 2008 is when I got started with the Facebook ads. And so Here's the thing, a lot of people have a misconception about Facebook ads, there's a lot of myths out there about about them, that Facebook ads is the is the answer to all the problems they have is, is the end all be all that is going to fix everything in their business. And that's just simply not true. Facebook ads is a great way to find people that are out there that don't know who you are. And unfortunately, for coaches and course creators, the organic algorithms don't work in your favor anymore. The organic algorithms on Tiktok, and Instagram reels are not working as well for coaches and course creators as they did even six months ago. And it's a grind to put out three, four pieces of organic content every single day, just to hope that you get one to two people to sign up for your coaching program. And so Facebook ads is still and Instagram ads and tick tock ads. And by the way, why am I talking about tick tock and Instagram and Facebook together? Because the video script is the same across all three platforms. We call this the Tick Tock ification of the internet, tick tock has changed how people interact online. And so if you're making your Facebook ads the way that we used to six months or even a year ago, and you're not making them like Tic TOCs, you're missing out, you're completely missing out. And so what you want to do is you want to honor the fact that people have no attention span, their attention span has been eroded and destroyed by these social media platforms. And so you can either moan and complain and get angry and say, Man, I want to shut down Facebook, and I want to make sure they're destroying culture, we need to shut them down and make them stop. Now you could do that you could you could get all amped up about that. But is that really productive for your business? No, it's not. And so you might as well learn to beat them at their own game. And that's what I'm gonna show you how to do is what is the script that actually cuts through the noise on the social media platforms that actually cuts through the noise and produces the best results. It's really just a four part script. It's

[116:26] Speaker 1: very simple. And you start with what we call the four w's why they should listen to you? Why

[119:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is the by the way, this has nothing to do with you. This has everything to do with what your target customer wants. This has everything to do with what your target customer cares about. Why are you listening to me because you want to make more money in a coaching business?

[123:25] Speaker 1: Why do I want you to listen to me because I hope you buy from me something.

[124:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had somebody the other day, leave a comment on my social media. They're like, man, all this guy's doing is trying to make money.

[126:09] Speaker 1: Hell yeah.

[126:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm trying to make a ton of money. You're gonna crucify me for that. Go ahead. I don't work with people that act that way. I don't work with people that think that making money as a bad thing. I can't help people that if all they want is to have impact and to be broke. Because here's the truth in this economy right now, you're not going to have the kind of impact that you want to make moving forward for the next two to five years, unless you bring money into your bank account. And if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor, and you're wanting to just have kumbaya sessions, where you make everybody feel happy, go lucky and yay. And we're not making any money and living in this in this, like, mindset that money is bad that capitalism is bad, and that I don't need to make money, I just want to help everybody, you're on the wrong call.

[140:07] Speaker 1: I can't help you. Okay.

[141:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so if that's you if you have no desire to increase your income, as a coach, as a course creator,

[143:37] Speaker 1: if you

[143:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: only want to have impact, this call is not the right place for you. And none of my content is going to be very valuable to you. And so I would recommend that you actually go to the emails that I sent you and scroll down to the bottom of the emails and click unsubscribe and unfollow all of my content, and unfollow everything that I talked about. Because the truth is, I'm not changing my message for a small group of people that I can't help for everybody else. Welcome. And I'm thankful that you're here. I'm thankful that you're somebody that sees that it takes cash flow, to have an impact as a course creator and as a coach, and that you want to increase your income and that you want to know how can I make an investment, say $100 or $200 into Facebook ads, and have it produce 600 700 1000 $2,000 in return? In fact, that's what's happened with our clients. My client, Joshua Giles,

[160:33] Speaker 1: a month ago, spent $1,000 on Facebook ads for one campaign. And within seven days, seven days,

[164:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: this $1,000 found his target customer.

[166:31] Speaker 1: And within seven days, he sold 70 courses

[168:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: at $997. Do the math for me on this and some people made three payments of 397. I'll tell you what the final number was it was just shy of including payment plans, and the paid in full. And he didn't even have a money back guarantee. By the way. Across the board on this guy literally just checked it yesterday, he made $78,700 off of a $1,000 Facebook ad using the exact script that we're talking about right

[177:41] Speaker 1: here. This exact script

[179:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: is what my mom, some of you know, my mom, Sandy Krakowskie. I worked with my mom for years, building businesses, I've created like five or six different Facebook ads classes, with my mom teaching how to do Facebook ads, I have a new Facebook ads class, it's in my client growth accelerator, where I'm teaching people the most cutting edge latest techniques to get results with their Facebook ads. Just

[186:16] Speaker 1: last month.

[187:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: My mom spent $10,000 on Facebook ads

[188:28] Speaker 1: and brought in

[189:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: $200,000 in sales to her stock market trading community. And here's the coolest part, it used the exact script that I'm going to show you as well for those Facebook ads. In our business. We're doing multiple six figures with coaching using this exact script. In fact, two months ago, we brought in $70,000 in sales on just $3,000 spent in Facebook ads. Now you might say well, why are those numbers consistent? Like Joshua did 70x? You did? Like, you know 15x, your mom did 20 times? How can I make it consistent and I get it, you might be a logical minded person, you might be an accountant minded person. Here's the thing that I'm going to tell you. I would be lying if I didn't start by saying this. And I would be unethical if I didn't tell you this.

[203:51] Speaker 1: Facebook ads are risky. And I'm predictable.

[206:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: No matter how much you know, no matter how good the formula is to write Facebook ads. They're still risky and unpredictable. And this is a big reason why most people will never build their business will never run Facebook ads because they're too afraid to take risks. They need certainty they need guarantees. If that's the case, here's the only guarantees that there are that you're going to be taxed by the government that inflation is going to happen. And then if you go work a job that your boss could fire you tomorrow and that there's no security or guarantees in anything in 2022 and 2023. We don't live in the 1960s anymore. We don't live in the 1980s. We don't live in the 90s. We don't live in the 2000s. We live in 2022. And something happened two years ago that turned the world upside down called COVID-19. And whatever you believe about COVID-19 Whether it was pre planned, whether it was a conspiracy, whether it was the great reset economically it has shifted and changed the world. It has shaken up the fabric of humanity.

[232:20] Speaker 1: And it has changed how Facebook Ads work.

[233:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: It has changed how coaching works. It has changed what worked in 2019 doesn't work anymore to get clients what worked in 2020 doesn't work any more to get clients what worked last year. doesn't work any more to get clients

[240:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna, I'm gonna scare some of y'all with this one.

[241:19] Speaker 1: What worked really well, in May of 2022. That was five months ago, doesn't work anymore. It doesn't work anymore.

[246:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: The methodologies that were bringing in profits for coaches and trainers five months ago,

[248:20] Speaker 1: doesn't work anymore. Why is this?

[250:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Show human behavior, human psychology, and the and the

[251:02] Speaker 1: convergence with artificial intelligence. And so for

[253:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: you to actually understand how Facebook Ads work, you have to first understand how the algorithm works. I'm gonna keep it real simple for you, you don't need to be super techie to understand this, there's a robots behind the scenes on Facebook, that they monitor and track how long you're looking at a post. They monitor and track, when you click on a post, they monitor and track when you go to a website. And even with iOS 14, on an iPhone device, there are artificial intelligence algorithms that can predict with extreme accuracy, your behaviors and the behaviors of your clients. And what happens is, there are 1000s of data points out there in the internet, you don't need to worry about any of them. The artificial intelligence is processing this data. And it's showing your ads to different people than it was showing to in May. It's prioritizing content differently than it did in May. And so this is why a lot of people when I work with a number of different clients, they have a strategy and a plan. And they work on this this year long marketing plan. And then it stops working. And then they come to me and ask why did the plan that was working, stop working. And it's like every three months, I'm telling them well, it's the algorithm. It's this, it's this, it's this, but you can fix that. You can change that when you know how to listen to your target customer. When you know how to create irresistible offers that people want. When you know how to speak to your target customer, the exact words that influence people to take action with you. You don't have to worry about this, you don't have to worry about the economy. You don't have to worry about things changing when you learn this simple framework,

[287:20] Speaker 1: your Facebook ads. And this is

[287:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably not what a lot of you wanted to hear from me today. Unfortunately,

[289:03] Speaker 1: I know that your Facebook ads script is 100%.

[291:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Related to and decided by the quality of your offer messaging. If you came here today, and you said I want to learn how to make a video and get get a million customers. I'm going to give you 1000

[297:29] Speaker 1: tickets to Disneyland

[298:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: and 1000 tickets to California Adventure.

[299:49] Speaker 1: And I'm going to give you a

[300:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: lifetime a lifetime pass to Disneyland and Mickey Mouse is going to come to your house and do your laundry for you.

[303:12] Speaker 1: If you came here today, thinking that

[304:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: one video ad and one script directed to a website was going to produce all these sales then I'm sure you'll probably believe that Mickey Mouse is going to do your laundry.

[309:55] Speaker 1: Because it's

[310:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: the same level of fantasy.

[311:33] Speaker 1: It's the same level of

[312:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: unrealistic expectation. And this is one of the biggest reasons why I got out of the Facebook ads agency business. Because that's what was happening. People would hire me to do Facebook ads and they'd say, Jeremiah, why is it not producing sales? You suck. You don't know what you're doing? And I would say it's your offer and they're like, it's not our offer. It's you Jeremiah. And there was literally no like convincing them but that their offer was really bad. They were convinced it was the ads. And to this day, I still have people I love them, they are under the psychosis that believes that the ads are are what's more important than the offer. Your offer dictates your ads. Your ad is what is directing people to your offer, you could make the best AD, the best Facebook ad. But if your offer stinks, you'll get zero sales. And this is what happens with most people is they learn about Facebook ads, they want to write the perfect ad script. And their offer is terrible. They don't know anything about their target customer. They don't know what they want. And they're just trying to basically play the lottery, move the slot machine needle down to ding ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding anything and see money come in and expect that fantasy mindset to be a reality in their life because they want Disneyland to be their reality. And so here's, I'm just going to speak some truth to you. You need to stop believing in fantasies, you need to stop believing in the law. And listen, there is going to be 1000 people on Facebook that are going to market to you and lie to you and try to convince you of the opposite of what I'm saying so that you can give them money, because it benefits them to lie to you. And to not give you the

[344:31] Speaker 1: truth about this. It does.

[346:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just in my own integrity, can't bring myself to lie to people. I can't bring myself to pretend and play pretend

[349:56] Speaker 1: that

[350:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: just make a video and just say the right things in your video ad. And it will instantly produce sales for you.

[353:37] Speaker 1: I can't. And so we have to start with what is your offer? How are you

[356:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: connecting with? How are you communicating with people? What does your target customer want? What problems do they have? What frustrations do they have? And what solution do you offer? Now for those of you that are on here, we're about 24 minutes into here. There's always a few of them, maybe you're getting really anxious, maybe you're getting pissed off at me. Maybe you're upset that I haven't given you the script yet. Maybe you're you'll write me a hate letter later, I usually get about one to two of them after events like this, or people write me and they're like, You know what you promised this, and I didn't get it. And they have this critical judgmental anger about them about what they want me to do, and expect me to do. And so here's here's, here's the thing, just, I don't normally do this, I'm gonna give you what you want, so that you can leave the call. If you're somebody who is judgmental and angry, and you're getting anxious and you're feeling uncomfortable about what I'm talking about. I'm going to give you what you came for. So that then you can leave and go go on with your day.

[375:44] Speaker 1: Okay. Okay.

[376:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And normally, I wouldn't do this. Normally, I wouldn't just submit to like, what people want at that level. But I know that the faster that I can get you away from me. And that you're not listening to me and the faster that you never listen to anything else I say, the better my life will be. Okay. By the way, this is a lesson to you, if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor. The faster that you can repel people. The faster that you can push away people who don't like your attitude, who don't like your tone of voice, who don't like how you look, who don't like how you do things, the faster that you can push critical people away and make them never want anything to do with you, the more your business will grow. So often I see coaches and trainers trying to hold on to Well, I spent this money on these leads. So I need to make sure that they buy from me, here's the truth. You can't force anybody to do anything. You can't make anybody do anything that they don't already want to do. All you can do is present an opportunity and do your best to help serve people. And so if you're a coach, if you're a trainer and you're afraid of people abandoning you, are you losing money on ads? Are people not resonating with your message? Are people not buying into what you're offering and you're trying to coddle, manipulate and control other people's opinions which by the way, maybe you might not use those words, but maybe you're a people pleaser, and you've lived your life saying I I want to make sure that I please everybody that I make sure that everybody is happy that everybody is taking care of that everybody is, is it feels good, I'm sorry. But that brain mindset will keep you broke as a coach and as a course creator, you cannot operate in that way of trying to make everybody happy, and hope to make a dime in the coaching or course business. Okay. And so what I do is in the first 30 minutes of anytime that I do a webinar like this, my goal is to irritate, offend and push away those people as fast as possible. My My goal is to do that in my marketing, my goal is to do that on my on everything that I do is to irritate push away offend, and and an irk and make uncomfortable to people that are not meant to work with me, the people that and how do I know that they're not meant to work with me because I've tried to work with them for four years, I've tried to help them, they never buy anything from me. They always got an opinion about how wrong I am. They're always angry, they're always negative. And so the faster that I can just get irritable, pretentious, critical, angry, judgmental minded people as far away from me as possible, the better my business is. And it's the same way for you. It's the same way for you. So here's the script. Here's the four part script right here. For for coaches and trainers. Let me let me share my screen. So in my course, tick tock ads made easy I have it right here, as well as in my paid course Facebook ads and Instagram ads made easy for total beginners. This is in my client growth accelerator, which is my group coaching program. That's over at my website, where we meet every single week to help you create your offers, write your copy, create your ads, and coach you up in your business. Plus, you get all of my courses in a members area to teach you how to do this right now the doors are closed to the client growth accelerator. But you can get on the waiting list in this course right here. I have in less than three actually put it down the script.

[440:19] Speaker 1: The four part script

[441:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want an attention grabbing question that frames both the solution and the problem that they have in one sentence. That is the first why why? Why do they want to listen to you? What is the solution that you offer them? What is the problem they have?

[447:59] Speaker 1: How can you help them?

[448:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so that might look something like this. And I have example video scripts right here I'm actually going to going to send you this like this list right here. Just these examples that you can use. I'll send you these at the end of this in a PDF. Do you feel stuck trying to get coaching clients do you feel like you're on a hamster wheel? I have the perfect solution for you. I'm Jeremiah Krakowski and I've been a successful coach for over 10 years and I've helped people in all walks of life achieve their goals and I want to help you do the same. And so those are attention grabbing questions in your script? Are you a coach or trainer trying to get clients on this platform? There's a better way. So you're framing their problem and their end goal from the beginning. And this is why this is why you need to start with those strategic questions that I put in the description, those strategic questions that I that I pasted into the chat

[464:51] Speaker 1: at the very beginning here

[466:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll paste them back into the chat here. Tell me who is your customer, what you offer them what problem they have, what solution you want to sell them and what method you use to bring about that solution as well as the best case scenario end result of your top 1% of clients that they hope to achieve. And that's pulled directly from this book called The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy. The Ultimate Sales Letter how to attract new customers and boost your sales. This is one of the single best books about writing sales letters and if you don't have an offer, here's the thing. Your Facebook ads when you run a Facebook ad when somebody is sees a Facebook app, when I'm scrolling on my social media, and I click on a Facebook ad what happens It takes you to a website, it takes you to a page where you get to make a choice do you sign up with your name and email address? Do you make a purchase. And so you need to have a landing page and offer of some kind for people to go to if you're going to run a Facebook ad, and then your Facebook ads script is directly related to what that offer is. Now we use a tool called Jasper AI. Jasper AI is an artificial intelligence tool that will help you write your ad copy that helps you script out what you're going to say that helps you know exactly how to say it. And I just posted a link to the Jasper AI in the chat as well that you can look at, okay. So we use Jasper AI to write all of our marketing copy to create all of our language to come up with all of the words that we use to say, in our marketing. And in my course, in my Facebook ads Made Easy course that my client growth accelerator gets, I actually walk you through how to use Jasper AI. There's three basic commands that you use in Jasper generate PHAs copy of on the above, convert the above do a Facebook ad and write a Facebook ad headline based on the above.

[505:31] Speaker 1: Okay

[506:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so this is actually a recipe that I created. For coaches for trainers for mentors, called the perfect offer copy for course creators, coaches, authors and trainers. And it allows you to enter in the same questions who is the customer? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer them? What is your methodology include? Describe the optimal best case scenario and result that somebody will get if they work with you.

[514:04] Speaker 1: These five questions

[515:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: are the most important questions that you can ask

[516:26] Speaker 1: when coming up with your offer copy when coming up with your Facebook ad.

[518:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so here's an example right here that that I'm gonna I'm going to take right here I'm going to take Don's example right here and Don we've worked together on your offer copy we work together on your offers together and so I'm going to paste about who your customer is right here onto the screen we're going to actually open up this landing page right here

[528:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you've been struggling to lose weight for years but finally see the light at the end of the tunnel How can you virtually guarantee that you get the best results for your future and sustain your goals perfect. So if I take this right here I'm just going to take this right here and what you wrote out and we're going to come up with your perfect Facebook ad video ad script right off of this so here's usually what I'll do is I will run this through again what keeps them up at night What are they afraid of? What are their top three frustrations?

[538:00] Speaker 1: Okay

[538:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll go back to write some headlines

[540:08] Speaker 1: short skeptical questions. Value Proposition

[542:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: right PHS for the above and now this is where we go into actually coming up with the Facebook ad and I don't edit what they produce usually for the Facebook ads anymore. So convert the above to a Facebook ad now because they might block you for saying finally lose weight if you're in weight loss you may want to change your copy just slightly instead of finally lose weight. feel great about yourself you could change that language you could change that language look and feel great about yourself and get your life back on track. Look no further than take back your sexy this 90 Day group coaching offer will show you exactly what you needed to take back control of your life and health and achieve your and achieve your goals with the support from registered dietitian

[557:15] Speaker 1: and coach

[558:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don Palacios so you notice I'm just filling in the information. You have everything you need to succeed don't wait any longer. And literally this is the copy that I would use for your Facebook ad. So right now what we're doing now for all of our Facebook ads is we're just having Jasper generate the copy. And I don't even edit it very much at all. And I just upload it into the ads

[563:19] Speaker 1: manager. Right there.

[564:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so ad ad copy one now here's what I would do

[565:38] Speaker 1: is I would then take what's above here.

[566:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I would take the four part framework of like, what of what you actually say in your ads. So let's go find that again.

[570:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's go take this four part framework now.

[572:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'll usually paste this in here, and I will and I'll, I will select this. I'm gonna have Jasper write up the attention grabbing.

[575:03] Speaker 1: Question.

[575:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll say write up and attention grabbing question that both frames the solution and problem to have in one sentence. Have you ever wondered how to finally get your life back on track and feel your healthiest and take your sexy back? Boom. So right there, I would take what it produced here. And that would be your opening sentence. Have you ever wondered how you can finally get your life and health back on track? And take take your sexy back after menopause? So that's your opening question right there. Okay. So that was that was this first part right here? attention grabbing question for your video ad script. I would start with that. That who are you? My name is and this is personal for you. My name is Don Palacios. And I've been helping women just like you feel their best and live

[592:59] Speaker 1: their best life.

[593:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: For XYZ years, I struggled myself with this and have committed myself for XYZ years to helping people get their health back on track with without any yo yo diets

[598:24] Speaker 1: or

[599:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: whatever you want to say like whatever your that you don't do it. Okay. So that's your who you are qualifications and track record right there. And then a sentence that tells them what it is that you're offering them. Okay, so now this is where I'll go right here. And I'll say write up a sentence that tells them what you offer and the results they can expect. I want to invite you to my taking back your sexy program, which is perfect for big for for, I guess you could say beginners, which is perfect for women who want to finally lose the extra 10 pounds and get their life back on track, you can test out saying that see if they approve it. Right now they are approving some different scripts. If they don't do that, again, go back to like I said, if they block the lose weight, this, this is going to help you. What do we say up here, feel great about yourself and get your life back on track after menopause. With my support, you're going to have everything you need to succeed. And I'm going to show you step by step in a very simple way. How to get the health results you want. Okay, so that's step number three. And so then we, so then we go right into call to action. Click the link. And this is usually the same for all the call to actions. Register now for this incredible event. I can't wait to see you there. Now here's the thing that I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you this. For coaches, trainers and mentors, right now, we are not having very much success leading people with ads to something that they have to pay money for upfront. Six months ago, you could 12 months ago, it was easy. Now, we're literally to lead somebody to an ad where they have to spend $27 is sometimes costing 500 to $1,000 in ad spend. You don't have 500 to $1,000 in ad spend to get 120 $7 sale, that's not an ROI. And so that's why most of the offers now that you're seeing that are being marketed out there with Facebook ads, you want to become a student of what is being marketed in the newsfeed in the Facebook ads. You want to pay attention to over the course of a week or two, what type of offers people are running. And you'll notice everybody is running offers where you have to sign up and give them your name and email address first. And so if you're a coach, if you're a course creator, and you're trying to just send people to your program with a Facebook ad, you're gonna go broke. You're not going to make any money. I don't mean that to be harsh or to To give a harsh prophecy to people and to declare that over you, that's just the way that the world is working right now. And it's been working that way for about six months. That's why I was saying what worked in May of 2000 of 2022 does not work anymore. You could send people to a 27 or a $97 offer, now,

[646:08] Speaker 1: we got to send them to a few different things. My favorites are a VSL.

[650:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: whatsoever to the VSL and a webinar VSL is under 20 minutes. And sometimes they don't even have to opt in for it. Your VSL literally could just be on the page with a button for them to opt in under the VSL. Okay, so a VSL is what we're sending people to add to, or we're sending them to virtual

[657:50] Speaker 1: events. And this is what our clients

[658:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: that are making the most amount of money are doing is there sending people to whether it be a one day one to two hour virtual events, like this one, this is a two hour virtual event. This is a two hour thing right here. Or they're sending them to a three to five day virtual event. Okay. And so virtual events and via cells are what is helping you qualify, the right leads and the right prospects, unfortunately, now.

[667:27] Speaker 1: Simple freebies

[668:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: like ebooks aren't not working as well. And so you'll want to combine usually an ebook with a VSL, or an ebook with a web class. And so this is the way that I've done it that I've seen it done as people will either have a, they'll have a quiz, or an ebook, or us or a mini masterclass. But it will immediately try to get these people to register for some kind of a long form 20 minute presentation or a one to two hour presentation. So your freebie now is needing to send people to these different types of presentations. Initially, now, they might not sign up for that. But at least they're on your email list. And then what you do as you end up emailing your email list with additional offers you notice in this last three weeks, I had an offer about finding your niche three weeks ago, last week was creating your six figure lead magnet this week is writing your your video ads. And so the idea is I'm nurturing my audience by giving one to two hour trainings that are strategic around a certain event that then I can lead people to what I'm offering and what I'm selling. And now here's the thing is today, I'm actually not selling anything, this is actually part of the model that's working right now for coaches is usually off of a 20 minute presentation, or a one to two hour webinar, we're sending people

[695:19] Speaker 1: to either a free or low cost product of some kind. Okay.

[699:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: A VSL is a video sales letter. It's a page on the internet with a video at the top where you're talking to people. It's very similar to a webinar, but it's shorter. It's not like this whole drawn out thing. The goal of it is to lead people usually to a webinar, or to lead them to some kind of a multi day event. A three to five day event we use to just run our ads straight to the three to five day events back in back last year. Now that's not even working very well. Because people are savvy people are starting to catch on. And so for those of you that you're like I'm here I want to figure out what's the best video ad that converts your your you're probably noticing your offer really has a lot more to do with that. And that's going to be the focus of what I'm going to go over next week with everybody. And that's that's the invite that I actually wanted to make to you on this is I'm not selling you anything. But I do want to invite some of you to join me next week for my create and launch your coaching business to six figures five day intensive next week, October 17 18th 19th 20th and 21st. Okay, I'm gonna walk you through how to actually build out your perfect offer, how to actually come up with what your offer is how to create that coaching program, how to launch a coaching program that actually create six figures. And we're going to go go through for five days together, we're gonna spend five days, this is totally free, it doesn't cost you anything. And it will be probably one of the best investments in your time out there. I mean, that honestly, is what I'm going to share with you as I'm not holding anything back. I'm giving you everything that you need to create and launch a six figure coaching business during these five days for free. And so this is what I want to invite you to if you're if you're watching this today with me, and you're saying, Okay, I want to create my perfect ad script, but I'm realizing I need to create a better offer is you can go register, it's over at my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com. You can go register for this over there, I'm gonna post it in the chat. It's in the chat. It's at Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash six dash figure dash coaching Mingo, post it into restream as well. For everybody who's on the on the other other groups, you'll get a link to it as well. Now, here's the thing, I wasn't going to do this. I wasn't going to do this, but I'm going to I'm about to do something live

[744:55] Speaker 1: on camera. Oh, that's weird.

[747:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm about to do something live on camera.

[748:48] Speaker 1: That let me see if this is the right form. This is how simple

[751:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: i i Keep it I don't

[752:29] Speaker 1: I don't do stuff. It's complicated. So for those of you who register for this event,

[756:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: until tomorrow night, because the event starts on Monday, okay, the event starts on Monday. And so if you register for this,

[759:21] Speaker 1: you sign up it's going to take

[760:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: you to a page to upgrade to the VIP and what you get with this as you get bonus trainings, you get the funnel building tech training, you get my fun and freedom, new stress free approach to business, you get the seven figure up level training, as well you get the recordings of all the sessions. So the five day sessions are being taken off the internet. After the five days are over, you won't be able to watch the recordings of it. If you want the recordings, upgrade to the VIP, you'll get that Plus, you're gonna get five days one hour after each session of coaching with me, where after each session live, I'm going to do a live q&a with you for five days straight to help you build your business, build your offer and launch your coaching business. And that's what I'm going to do is I'm going to I'm going to discount it. I'm literally doing it live while we're on here.

[774:40] Speaker 1: Yeah. $100 off for 24 hours. Okay,

[776:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that should be up to the

[777:40] Speaker 1: Yes.

[779:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so now that's updated. So instead of it being $47, if you want to get that VIP, it's now $27 Until tomorrow night, at midnight, for those that are on here live for those that are on this presentation. For you to get the VIP for you get for you to get that backstage pass, I haven't even updated the page yet. But I updated the payment form, I'll update the page after the event because you don't want to like see me updating all that well, all right here. Okay. And so while you don't have to buy anything, to join the event, I would love for you to join me it's absolutely free. Anybody can join, anybody can jump in and learn the framework of how to dial in your messaging, how to speak the exact language of what your target customer wants, what's your signature talk? What's your signature language that's going to actually connect with your target customer and get them to buy from you. And then if you if you've never launched a coaching business for how do you actually start a coaching business? Here's what I would recommend is that you actually sell your coaching before you create a product before you map out your coaching program. One of the dumbest things that I see people do and I mean this, I mean, that's 100% it's really dumb, is they build their course and they build their coaching program and they build out The perfect program before they launch it before they get clients. And so I want to show you how you can actually pre sell your program before it exists to get clients in to make six figures to then fund what you're doing. So that then you can start to run Facebook ads, and then we go into how to create an offer, how to attract the right clients, what's the best way to actually set up your Facebook ads? How do you find those clients? And then how do you get paid six and seven figures in a coaching business together. And so that's what that's what this is right here. This five day event is where I show you how to do that. And this is a perfect example for you of the funnel that's working really well for coaches, mentors and trainers is doing one day events like this. And then leading the people who actually join the event, by the way, I had a few 100 people registered for this event, there's only 35 that are on live, some of you would think that if only 35 are on your event live that you failed, that's actually a really good number

[816:51] Speaker 1: for me, and so

[817:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: realize that the that you're not going to reach everybody that you want to reach that if you're trying to make everybody happy, you're gonna lose money. And that if you're trying to just send your video ads straight to an offer to buy from you, if you're trying to send your video ads straight to a course to buy from you, right, and you can't even buy my courses anymore on my website, you have to actually join my client growth accelerator to access my courses. None of them are our car for sale. Okay. If you actually try to send people to join your coaching program, from an ad, a year ago, that might have worked two years ago, that might have worked. Three years ago, that might not worked, it did work, we built a a $5 million income stream for my mom just sending people straight from a video to an offer to buy from him. It doesn't work anymore. It doesn't work anymore. For coaches, trainers and mentors COVID-19 shook everything up so much, that now you have to nurture the relationship with your target customer with virtual events with VSLs. And what you're going to do is the more you do it, you're going to learn exactly what to say again, we're gonna go over what to say in your event what to say in your VSL. A little bit I'm going to share this Don asked do you just take your webinar and split it up into VSLs? Here's what I would rather do is I would actually, here's what here's what we're doing, as I'm taking whatever my five day event is. And I'm splitting my five day event into the webinars and into the VSLs. Okay, I'm splitting my five day event into the webinars into the VSLs. If you're wondering like what do you actually say on those. And so then what you need to do is your your ads. Your ads are what you send people to whether it be a quiz ebook or mini course whether it be to a VSL, whether it be to a webinar, your ad is then sending people to register for these. If you are running an ad and trying to send people straight to a sales page to spend money with you, you are going to lose money. I know some of you don't want to hear that. If you are running an ad straight to a page where people give you money, you are going to lose money on your ads. You have to actually send them to something some kind of an offer that is either free or low cost that nurtures trust with them, and then points them to either a VSL or a webinar. Quizzes, ebooks and many courses straight to a sales page, or straight to an email nurture series are also not working as well as they used to. If you're looking for easy street, you're sure to be broke. And unfortunately, that's the front that's that's the landscape of coaching right now. All these little easy street strategies that everybody used to do where you don't need to show your face where you don't need to show up where you can just sit by and be nameless, faceless, nobody needs to talk to you and you just rake in the cash, whatever that fantasy that you believe is that you don't actually have to do work that you don't actually have to show up. And it'll just bring in money. Listen, that worked six months ago, that worked a year ago. You can keep trying it out and throw money into it into a, a cash. Like, you know, like a launch like a wood chipper like, like, like, what if you took like, like $1,000 and threw it into a wood chipper? What if you took $1,000 and threw it into your toilet? What if you took $1,000 and threw it into a trash bin, you would get a better return than just running ads straight to a little mini freebie and then trying to sell people you would get a better return, just trying to run ads straight to a landing page and trying to sell people. So you have to implement in this now, freebies are great, but you want to send people to some kind of a VSL

[895:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: a webinar, or a multi day event, something where you show up on camera and connect with people like I'm doing right now to then tell them about what you offer. Okay. And so that's what we're going to be going over is specifically like how to build all of that out. And we're gonna spend the rest of the next hour talking about scripting out the video ads that work best for this process. I'm seeing some antsy comments in here, people wondering if, if this is actually the right training. Or if I'm actually going to get to the right the topic. So yes, that's where the next hour is going to be is actually talking about, I'm going to script out some more of your video ads. But I, if I didn't talk about this beforehand, which most people on the internet that are teaching ads aren't talking about this because it makes them more money, they can bait and switch you and hold a carrot over your head and convince you of Oh, you got to buy the next thing or you got to buy the next thing, Oh, you better buy the next thing. Instead of I'm not going to be somebody who's going to keep lying to you. And trying to pacify you, I'm gonna give you the truth of what's actually working right now. And what's actually bringing in profits for for businesses and for clients. Okay. And so if you want to know how to create a six figure coaching business, if you want to know how to put this together, how to put those nuances together, this five day intensive is going to help you do that. Somebody asked how is this different than irresistible offers that sell irresistible offers that sell is a course inside of my coaching program that teaches you how to create an offer and it's in its its great content, it's not going to show you how to build a six figure coaching business it's building an offer is is is a very important part of building a six figure coaching business. But if you just build an offer, and then it just sits there and you say, Hey, I got a great offer, you're not gonna make any money. So you actually have to know how to put the pieces together and how to actually get the wheel moving to actually get clients, you have to actually start to take action and start to put stuff out there. You got to be willing to put yourself out there at the risk of being judged by people at the risk of it not working at the risk of your campaign, not producing results at the risk of it not working out, just to experiment and see what happens. That's why experimentation is so important. That's why experimentation is so key in this business

[938:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: the methods my wife to turn the AC down it is

[939:12] Speaker 1: burning up up here. Some people most people that I mean, most people in my coaching program.

[943:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: They do all the busy work, they create their offer, they come up with their video ad. And then six months later, they still haven't launched it yet. Because they're afraid of it not working out. They're afraid of losing money. They're afraid of coming face to face with reality. They are disassociating from reality. This is one of the number one things that stops people from succeeding in a coaching business is disassociating from reality and doing busy work that makes you feel like you're building a business but you're not actually bringing in money. And what I encourage people to do is to figure out what mentally is stopping you from being physically incapable for six to 12 months of actually doing anything in your business. And we'll usually come up with a list of excuses a list of reasons why we can't why it's too hard. Why we're not ready yet why we don't have it figured out why I need to learn a new thing you don't need To learn any more new things, until you launch your business,

[961:15] Speaker 1: just launch, just launch how it is.

[962:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, isn't that a lack of integrity? What if I teach the wrong thing to people? Who cares? Why do you care so much about what people think about you, when you get it out of your brain, that you need to do the right thing all the time, I mean that and you quote me on that, it's you get it out of your brain that you need to do the right thing all the time, or you should do nothing. When you get that out of your brain, you'll actually start to build a business. By the way, when I say the right thing, I didn't describe that as criminal activity. So don't don't put words in my mouth that I didn't say. I see so many people, coaches, mentors and trainers, afraid of making mistakes, afraid of failure, afraid of not producing results. Afraid of losing money, and they need the the only right perfect strategy. I'm sorry, but that comes from a place of for whatever reason, in your life, you were trained to only ever do the right thing and to never do something, just to experiment just to see what happens. I'm not asking you to experiment with drugs. I'm not asking you to experiment sexually. And yet, that's what our brains end up triggering is that when somebody says experiment, they end up focusing it towards things that they like, for whatever reason in their life, they've made a decision, why would never do that. And so it stops them from ever actually experimenting in their business, and they call it integrity. And they call it wisdom. In my experience of working with the top mentors, the top coaches, the top trainers, and of course graders, they ripped that thing out of their brain that told them that they have to constantly only ever do the right thing have to take action to take action. And that they have to make sure that it's certain to produce results. And they took imperfect action without a guaranteed result just to see what happens. And so for you, as a coach, as a course creator, if you want to build a six figure business, if you want to build your business to a place where you actually make even $1, even $1 You got to rip that thing out of your brain that says I won't do anything unless it's guaranteed and the right thing. And I know that that's hard for a lot of people. I know that that's difficult for a lot of people.

[1006:29] Speaker 1: This is very simple,

[1006:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: my friends.

[1007:27] Speaker 1: This is very simple.

[1008:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: But we overcomplicated because our physiology has convinced us over time that we have to do all these things. And if we don't do all these things, and all these steps, and all these, whatever's that we're not going to be good enough. One strategic offer. One video ads script, takes you five minutes to write produces a six figure business, anything else but that if you're doing any other activity in your business, but bringing in leads into your business, growing your email list, and connecting with people that you can sell to, you are wasting your time on activities that will keep you broke.

[1020:52] Speaker 1: That's where overwhelm comes from.

[1021:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's where the nervous energy comes from. That's why people quit, is because they look at and they compare themselves to other people. They're comparing themselves to what everybody else is doing. And thinking if I'm not doing that, then I'm not good enough.

[1027:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's time to take action and start to build your business

[1029:38] Speaker 1: step by step

[1030:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: and reject the nervous, terrified energy that's inside of you. That's telling you that it's too hard. That's telling you that it's too much. That's telling you that it's overwhelming. That's telling you that there's too many steps that's telling you that you can't do it that's telling you that there it's just it's just too hard.

[1036:19] Speaker 1: During these five days, that's what we're gonna go over.

[1037:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what we're gonna spend these five days doing is going through step by step what it takes to create and launch your six figure coaching business. I've walked The number of people through this process to help them make money in their businesses. My client Nathan Fischer over $12,000 a month in his coaching business with just one coaching call with me. My client, Joshua Giles $70,000, with one offer, and one video ad it's not complicated, it's very easy. It will make your life so much easier when you stop trying to do all these things. And you stop trying to spin your wheels around and you stop trying to figure out how do I convince people to buy from me and you just learn to lay it all down, you don't worry about people rejecting you, you get rid of the thoughts in your mind of well if they don't buy from me then bad things are gonna happen in my life. I don't want them to reject me if they abandon me I invested so much into these leads and then they just left me and they quit you might have to heal from some things inside of you that have tried to hold you back that have tried to tell you that you can only succeed if things go your way I'll show you how to do that on this in this five day intensive. I'll walk you through how to build that coaching business.

[1060:32] Speaker 1: That's why

[1062:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you upgrade to the VIP as well, you get to ask me questions. You get to get coaching with me when you go here and you log in and you register for this event and you upgrade to the VIP and you get the discount you get it for $27 You get five days of coaching with me plus the bonus trainings to help you get started on the fast track to building your coaching business and to actually making money in a business that will pay you dividends year after year after year. And so what should your video ad actually say again we're gonna go right back to that we're gonna go right back to what Why did all of you register for this event to know how to create video ads that actually work but you actually have to have an offer that you direct people to and so Jasper AI is really good at coming up with those offers

[1076:38] Speaker 1: by utilizing first the window right here by utilizing where's it where's the right window Jasper AI to write your copy by utilizing the Jasper community recipes you don't have to be a rocket science marketer. You don't have to be smart.

[1093:37] Speaker 1: You don't have to know how to market this recipe right here in Jasper again, let me let me share my affiliate link I love that people are logging off right now. It's awesome what I'm talking about ain't for everybody. What I'm talking about is too much for most people

[1103:53] Speaker 1: if this is too much for you, I probably can't help you. There's other coaches that that'll that'll help

[1105:27] Speaker 1: you you'll share this in the chat there's the Jasper trial link. Link to try Jasper. And then over at Community dot Jasper AI is the perfect offer copy for coaches and trainers. First the window It is. Okay. So when we use this recipe, you don't have to know how to do everything in your business, you don't have to know how to create a perfect offer. This recipe helps write it for you. So again, back to the chat, who are some of your customers? individuals wanting to

[1127:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: publish their cookbook or recipe book

[1127:33] Speaker 1: they don't know how to complete their recipe book. what solution do

[1131:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: you offer them? I don't, I'm not sure what solution you offer them. So what methodology you include, and what best case scenario so I'm not, I don't know, if I'm gonna be able to help

[1133:43] Speaker 1: with that one. Let me see if anybody else in the chat has some. So I'm gonna need you to actually like, tell me who your customer is. What you offer them what problem.

[1139:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: So solution, you sell them what your method includes and what the best case methodology is for them to get that result.

[1142:06] Speaker 1: If you don't know this about your target customer, it is very hard to write copy. If you are very vague about what you do, like all you say is, I'm a life coach, you got to get more specific about what you actually do, about how you help people, you have to create a feedback loop where people actually tell you what help they're wanting from you. If all you're trying to

[1150:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: do is make money, because you thought coaching was a great way to make money, and you have no empathy for other human beings. And you don't understand people and you don't understand what problems people are having. That's your first step to start with, is going on a a treasure hunt, is going on a journey to actually discover what is your target customer wants?

[1156:52] Speaker 1: What do they care about?

[1158:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to like actually learn that about your target customer. You want to get into the mind of your customer and understand what do they want.

[1160:23] Speaker 1: When you guys signed up for this, I

[1160:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: had some entry questions. What is your biggest struggle when it comes to creating Facebook ads? And what would you like to learn from Jeremiah? And I have a list right here in a Google document of all the answers that people gave me.

[1164:37] Speaker 1: So these are the desires

[1164:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: of my target customer right here.

[1165:46] Speaker 1: I'm not guessing any of this. I'm asking and people are telling me. Okay. And so you have to. And it might be uncomfortable

[1169:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: for you, you might feel uncomfortable asking people to tell you what their problems are, you might feel like you're pressuring people, you might feel like you are making people feel uncomfortable to tell you that. And they don't want to tell you that. If you don't know that information, you're not going to be able to create video ads, you're not going to be able to create your

[1174:58] Speaker 1: offers. And so a big part of actually

[1176:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: building a coaching business is getting over your fear of other people's opinions about you is getting over your worry of pissing people off, is getting over trying to make everybody feel comfortable all the

[1180:08] Speaker 1: time. That's one of the biggest

[1181:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: things that stops people from being successful, is they're there. They're so passive. They play Mr. Nice Guy or Mr. Nice girl, and they were taught their whole life to be a nice person to everybody. And then they go out there and build a business and they wonder why can't I make a dime being nice because that doesn't work.

[1186:27] Speaker 1: It just doesn't work. Be kind, be compassionate, absolutely.

[1188:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you have to understand what people actually want. You have to understand the truth behind what they care about. You have to get into the mind of your target customer and really start to understand

[1192:18] Speaker 1: what are they going through. You have to really start to understand what is what is

[1194:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: emotionally happening inside of people. What are they working through? What are they dealing with and and it's a cop out to say well, I don't know. Then it's your job as a coach and as a course creator to do the research to figure it out. If you upgraded to the VIP of this training right Here, we're gonna go talk in the VIP after the session, I'm gonna be able to answer your questions, but you got a bonus training in there called finding your niche. And I'm going to go into a little bit more about finding your niche. Some of you don't even know what your niche is, some of you just think that running ads to a coaching business will make you rich, and I'm sorry for whoever lied to you that bill of goods and and, and is laughing all the way to the bank that you're believing them and is getting fat and happy on the fact that they sold you Disney. When you're living in 2022, I'm sorry, for whoever lied to you and told you that you can just run an ad and make money.

[1210:49] Speaker 1: And you don't have to care about people. But you don't have to care about what people say. You don't have to care about what people think

[1212:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: that if you just if you build it, they will come I'm sorry. But that's not reality. Making a real connection with other human beings, people with emotions, goals, desires, problems, frustrations, things that keep them up at night, and then you knowing what those things are more than they know it themselves.

[1219:36] Speaker 1: If you don't know what those things are, more than they know it themselves. And you haven't asked them. What are you doing? What are you wasting your time doing? What have you been trying to do?

[1225:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: It starts by getting curious. It starts by connecting with people, whether it be in Facebook groups, you can ask questions inside of Facebook groups, well, I don't want the group admin to block me great. Get over what other people think about you. Well, I'm a nice person, I don't want to I don't want to be rude. I don't want to be arrogant. I don't want to whatever these whatever these little versions of your personality. It's you've convinced yourself that you can't be a certain way because people like me

[1232:55] Speaker 1: don't do that. You might have to heal from

[1234:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: it. You might have to grow out of your old habits from your old way of living life. To learn what you don't know about your target customer, another great resource, answer the public.com you can literally type in here

[1239:14] Speaker 1: cancer recovery let's say that's your niche like Chris McKee answered the public will show you questions that people ask online.

[1242:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: If cancer is cured, can it come back? can recover patient donate blood? Has anyone recovered from cancer without treatment? These are questions that people ask that you can get into the mind of your target customer and understand where they're coming from better. And then you can

[1246:39] Speaker 1: go click on these. And it'll take you to different articles. You can go to Amazon and look up books that are written on these topics. And start to look at what books other people are marketing, okay?

[1253:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Before you get judgmental against the articles that are on the internet, and the books that are written and say those people don't know what they're talking about, get over yourself, get over your pride and ego get over the way that you're judging other coaches and other mentors as not being good enough, and that you're superior to them. As soon as you get past that you're gonna make so much more money. And you actually humble yourself and learn something from Pete from other people. The reason why I'm telling you to go check out the books on Amazon is not because you're gonna go learn from these people, you actually can take the copy that they wrote on their book right here, you can actually go look at the reviews that people have read and get into and understand your target customer, even if you agree with disagree with the topic on the book.

[1265:36] Speaker 1: Even if you disagree with the author on the book. Even if you disagree with the premise of the book. You can take some of this.

[1268:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can take these reviews, and you can start to understand what your target customer cares about. And then you can bring some of these into Jasper and you run them through that community script again community.jasper.ai You go to page number

[1274:00] Speaker 1: three. Here's the funny part.

[1275:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I teach this five times a week and yet only like 1% of the people I teach, actually do what I'm talking about. The rest of them go sit on the couch and go go watch the news media and get angry at the president and get angry at the economy and they do nothing with it. It just cracks me up. That's the way it goes in the coaching business. You could literally have the The blueprint that will help people succeed, and only 1% of people will ever do anything with it. Because everybody else is just too lazy. Everybody else is just too stuck up in their head as to why they can't their excuses, and they're believing the lies as to why they can't do anything. Why? Why there needs to be a better way why? Why people like them can't succeed, the ones who actually learn and then once you actually grow, and the ones who actually decide to do something,

[1287:20] Speaker 1: they're the ones who start to make money. So I copy this just randomly off of this Amazon book right here. And you can literally run these through here and start to

[1291:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: understand and get into the mind of your target customer, what are their worries, what are their frustrations to start to build out your offer in Jasper and so like when it comes when it comes into when it comes to creating your offer copy creating your ad copy

[1298:31] Speaker 1: you come right back to this place PHS.

[1299:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's go goes back to the script or what I talked about here in my course in the client growth accelerator. Under Facebook and Instagram ads made easy for total

[1301:56] Speaker 1: beginners. You generate

[1304:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: PDF copy for the above you convert the above to a Facebook ad, and you write a Facebook ad headline. So we're going to copy those commands.

[1306:34] Speaker 1: So we already generated PHS. We're going to convert this to a Facebook ad. I don't like those results. Let's try it again. By the way,

[1309:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: sometimes you'll want to run through three or four times through Jasper to get the results you want. Looking for support during your cancer journey. Our new ebook provides your ways of navigating

[1312:38] Speaker 1: your recovery written by patients and caregivers. This this guidebook is packed with information on treatment. remission and more. Okay,

[1317:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you can use that to come up with your Facebook ad copy. You can use this to come up with your Facebook ad headlines right here. Now let's go ahead and actually take Chris's actual offer that she has. Yep, answer the public.com.

[1323:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Get into the mind of your target customer and everything will start to come, come

[1324:27] Speaker 1: come together for you. So much better. It's so much easier that way. Too often. We're trying to figure it out by guesswork instead of actually testing what works. So for Chris, I'm going to take what you gave me here. We're gonna go back through this, I'm gonna paste what you wrote right here. recovery in the next half of their journey. The fear of cancer returning. See,

[1333:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is a different, different place on the journey. Listen, wake up, I need you to pay attention here.

[1335:07] Speaker 1: I need you to pay attention here. Cancer patients,

[1337:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: this might not be your business. But if as soon as you can learn to learn to learn about your business from other people with other industries that are not the same as you, you will grow exponentially in your business. Listen to what I'm about to share

[1341:39] Speaker 1: cancer patients.

[1342:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wrote some copy just now off of answer the public that was about people that were dealing with cancer.

[1344:43] Speaker 1: This is why it's

[1344:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: so important to understand your target customer with your copy

[1346:41] Speaker 1: cancer patients. Okay. This is a timeline. This is when they first got diagnosed. This is treatment. This is post op treatment. Cancer patients. Three different stages

[1354:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: on their journey. Some of y'all literally glazed over what I just did, and this is going to it's going to hurt you

[1356:17] Speaker 1: if you do that's gonna hurt your business. Because not every cancer patient is the same in your business.

[1358:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: You might say well, I don't have cancer treatment, whatever your business is. Diagnosis They just got diagnosed, somebody who just got diagnosed has different goals, desires, struggles and frustrations than somebody who is in the middle of treatment actively than somebody who has post treatment. After the treatment, your offer your language, your copy, and your ads will be entirely different, even if it's cancer patients, for all three of these

[1366:52] Speaker 1: people. If you're just trying to talk to all these people, all of them, you will lose money on your ads.

[1371:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you are selling something for post op treatment, and you're speaking to people who just got a diagnosis, you will not make a dime. This is what most people do with their offers that they do it wrong. They're focused so much on what they want to teach people and the results of it and, and they're very vague,

[1376:10] Speaker 1: I do life coaching. I help cancer patients. I help coaches.

[1379:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I help coaches get insanely rich and make a ton of money with their offers.

[1381:30] Speaker 1: is different than I help people figure out

[1383:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: what to coach Ah, yes, I have training on that. But that's not the majority of what I what I teach people. If you're spending more than five minutes coming up with what you're going to coach on, you're wasting your time, you're way too afraid of what other people think about you, you're way too fearful about wasting time, you're way too afraid of losing money, you're way too afraid of things not working out and your need to control everything is

[1389:10] Speaker 1: running your life. That's one of the biggest reasons

[1390:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: why people struggle to choose their niche

[1390:56] Speaker 1: is fear and insecurity. And a

[1392:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: need to control everything, and a need to make sure that people don't reject them. Those four things have nothing to do with your coaching business and can be healed and can be solved and can be worked through. And this is why I recommend to a lot of people a website like better health.com To get therapy to talk to a therapist to work through why you are so stinking terrified of abandonment and rejection, why you are so stinking terrified of what everybody thinks about you why you are so worried about losing money in your business, why you are so afraid to do anything, if you can't control the result of it. When you can work through those issues, you can be successful in

[1403:08] Speaker 1: a business. Most people won't. Most beginning

[1404:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: coaches, they just are highly opinionated people that want to blast people with their opinions and make money at it. And they won't because they won't work through the real issues that are actually going to help them do that. If seven cups.com is too, or betterhelp.com is too expensive for you check out a website called Seven cups.com. It's absolutely free. It has people that you can talk to. And here's the thing I want to say this before I go to the next level, if you judge people that need help with their mental health as being weak, inadequate, or you think that if somebody says that you have mental health that they are insulting you, that's a cultural issue that you grew up where mental health issues, people that have mental health are seen as lesser than human beings, and that when somebody tells you that you have a mental health issue that they're insulting you, the truth is in 2022 We don't live in that world anymore. Maybe you live in that world, maybe it's time for you to start to heal from how you've lived, and start to learn that those frameworks are not working for you. That how you've lived your life up to this moment of time hasn't been working for you. And the excuses that you created and invented in your brain for why you can't succeed are no longer serving you and it's time to get some help. It's time to humble yourself and it's time to stop operating in the same framework that you always have. It's not an insult to somebody say that they might need mental health help anymore.

[1425:32] Speaker 1: It might have been back in 1990 might have been back in 1980. It's not anymore. And if you're somebody that believes

[1428:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: that that I am insulting you by saying that you might need some mental health help,

[1429:58] Speaker 1: that belief will keep you stuck. That belief will prevent you from succeeding in your business.

[1433:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: You will become a better coach by actually working through your

[1433:59] Speaker 1: own issues. Because you won't

[1435:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: be so concerned about everybody liking you all the time. The goal of being a coach, like making a video ad isn't about getting everybody to like you all the time. It's about communicating to the target customer and leading them to an offer where they give you their their name and email address.

[1439:34] Speaker 1: And we can go through that four part question framework. Again, this is the script. Right and attention

[1443:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: grabbing question that frames the solution. And the problem the prospect has a one sentence

[1444:52] Speaker 1: I think I pasted that one in the wrong one. The right one. Here it is. Oh yeah, we haven't even gone through this process with. With her yet. Let's go back through, let's go down this list right here overcome the fear of cancer returning. That's I mean, that's the big fear that they have

[1453:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: is as bad things happening to them again. And really, when you can read another thing that I would recommend for you, as a coach, read books about those topics that are not related to your niche, one great book on that topic is rising strong by Brene. Brown. How the ability to reset transforms the way we live love leading parents, when we feel knocked down in life, how to rise again, and not fear the next shoe dropping in our lives. This is a great book on that topic that might give you ideas for how to communicate and how to talk with some of your cancer patients.

[1463:07] Speaker 1: And so then we'll take these four questions. I'll say right, and attention grabbing question for this.

[1467:13] Speaker 1: Let me go back here. But these three stars right there. Oh, wait, you know what, let me do this. Right. Now. This is what I like to do convert the above to a Facebook ad write a Facebook ad headline. Here we go. Do you feel like

[1481:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're on your own when it comes to preventing cancer from returning, I get it when my husband and then you tell your story. When my husband had cancer, we were worried when my husband got treatment. If you don't want to say cancer, you can say when my husband got treatment, we were worried about it coming back. And I decided that something had to change. And we had to learn how to thrive in our new life together. And so what that does is that's exactly what this is. It's an attention grabbing question that frames the solution. And the problem they have in one sentence. My name is Chris McKee. And for XYZ amount of years, I've been helping patients, after their treatments, thrive in life, and return back to their normal while while having more energy and making sure that their future is stronger than their past.

[1494:35] Speaker 1: Who you are, what your qualifications are.

[1495:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm doing a free event this Saturday, where I where I show you the best strategies to will take care of your health from a nutritional standpoint, as well as your mental health so that you can thrive as well after treatment, your treatment does not have to be

[1500:00] Speaker 1: the end, it can be the beginning of the life you've always dreamed of. Click the link register now for this event. We'll talk soon. And so that's that four part framework right

[1503:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: there. Those four part questions right there, the attention grabbing question. This is the video ad script. When you make your video ads, this is the script that we use for all of our video ads. What's an attention grabbing question that frames both the solution and the problem they have in one sentence. So you can't even figure out what the solution and the problem is that they have until you know what your offer is.

[1510:01] Speaker 1: You can't even tell them what you offer in the video ad until you know what your offer is.

[1512:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so when you put those together, you're able to come up with these amazing scripts this for the four w's is another version of this that we use

[1516:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: why they should care what they desire, who you are, what you're offering them and where they can get it and I'm gonna give you a PDF with these that you can check out afterwards. I'm going to send it to you I'm gonna email to you To help you remember this when you're creating your ad, your video ads, this is the script

[1521:57] Speaker 1: framework video ad script framework. It's it's not more complicated than this. All of our video ads we record with a cell phone Hi, my name is Jeremiah

[1526:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Krakowski. I don't start with that. But I'll say, Have you ever wondered how to create a six or even a seven figure coaching business? My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I've been helping coaches, trainers and mentors for the last 19 years, build and scale their own coaching businesses. And I'm doing a free event this weekend where I walk you through how to grow your coaching business, get more clients and make more money than you ever dreamed of. So click the link register now. And I'll see you there. And we record it with our cell phone.

[1533:43] Speaker 1: We've tested out using expensive equipment to record video ads, it does not convert better than a cell phone video.

[1535:52] Speaker 1: We import the video to Instagram to add captions to it. How do you do that? It's like, it's very simple. You open up the Instagram app. I'll show it to you in a second.

[1541:25] Speaker 1: You open up the Instagram app on Android or iPhone. And this is how we do most of our video ads. So I use

[1544:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: this script the four part framework right here, attention grabbing question that frames both the solution and the problem. And that's why Jasper can help you come up with what these

[1546:57] Speaker 1: words actually are. The free trial will help you come up with that.

[1549:11] Speaker 1: So we take whatever the video is for your video ad. You open up Instagram make my screen bigger if you need to. You open up Instagram. You click the plus sign you select the video ad that you recorded. You press Next. You press stickers

[1556:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that one didn't work you got to I think you have to go to reels Yep, reels. Your video ads should not be longer than 60 seconds

[1557:42] Speaker 1: by the way. Get in and get out. So take your video, add it to a real press next. Go to stickers press captions, it'll

[1561:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: generate the captions right here

[1562:00] Speaker 1: okay, so now the text is there, you press this little download button. And you have a video ad with captions.

[1569:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's one of the biggest things too, that's gonna help you with making video ads. Stop worrying about how you look stop worrying about sounding perfect. Stop worrying about saying all the right things that worry and that fear comes across as energy that tells people don't trust the

[1572:56] Speaker 1: thing I'm saying. When you're afraid

[1573:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: of saying the wrong thing on video, you literally come across as somebody who is not trustworthy, that nobody should buy from.

[1575:44] Speaker 1: This is why working through

[1577:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: your fears has the greatest ROI on your video ads and on your business. Because when your energy is not that of somebody who is terrified, timid and worried, and you're trying to convince people to like you, and you don't worry what people think that competence comes across. But if you're recording a video and you're like,

[1582:32] Speaker 1: hey, I I wanted to tell you about something, maybe you might like it.

[1585:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know though you don't have to. But that energy nobody's gonna buy from you. Because it shows that you don't believe in yourself. It comes across that you don't believe in yourself. What's the magic wand that you can wave on yourself to to make that go away? Well, long term again, getting help from the things that have hurt you and broken you and made you feel fearful. But one of the best things that you can do is go do something fun for yourself. Go for a

[1592:57] Speaker 1: walk. go for a drive,

[1594:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: go watch a TV show. Go listen to something go watch a comedy, get yourself into a different, excited, happy state of mind. This is one of my biggest pieces of advice that I have given constantly to people because I've had clients send me video ads where they they you could tell they just got done yelling at their kids and they're angry that thing Things aren't going their way. And the energy that they're bringing across in the video is I Hate You don't

[1601:23] Speaker 1: buy from me. And those video ads literally won't convert. So until I tell them, Go to sleep, go do something fun, go have a great meal.

[1605:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have fun. If you haven't had fun in your life, and forever, maybe you've convinced yourself, I don't have permission to have fun until I make money. I'm sorry, that is a lie that you're believing. That is a lie that somewhere, somebody convinced you of that you have to check off all these things in your life, to have fun to do fun things and that you can't have fun until you do all the work. Kill that line your life and you'll make more money.

[1612:51] Speaker 1: Go do something fun, and then go record your video ad.

[1614:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Go do something you enjoy to get yourself into an excited state of mind.

[1616:03] Speaker 1: And then record the video ad. Your ad will convert

[1617:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: better, your words will flow better, you won't be stuttering and skipping and tripping all over yourself worried of? Are they going to like me? Are they going to buy into me? Are they going to trust me? Are they going to think that I'm worthy? Are they going to think that I'm worth listening to these fears that our brain convinces us of that we that it's our job to make people think that we're worth

[1624:29] Speaker 1: listening to.

[1625:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: If that's what you're focused on, nobody's gonna want to listen to you. If all you're worried about is making people like you, nobody is going to listen to you. If all you're worried about is saying the right perfect thing in a boxy way, nobody's gonna

[1629:39] Speaker 1: want to buy from you. When you learn

[1631:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: to detach from the need for things to go your way, when you learn to have hope for the future, when you learn to have a vision for things going well for you. When you imagine yourself making a video ad that's converting to sales.

[1637:12] Speaker 1: You're not questioning if it might

[1638:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're not sitting there on the couch, overthinking over analyzing so worried about I hope this works out or I'm gonna lose my house, I'm gonna lose my job, I'm gonna lose my house, I'm gonna lose my spouse, I'm gonna lose my kids, I'm so worried I must, I must make it work. I'm so terrified. This is what most people do. And that's the energy that comes across when they're building their business. And nobody wants to do business with somebody that is operating in that anxious energy, of terror, and fear. And so do whatever you got to do to no longer operate in that as your normal. For most people, when it comes to making a video ad they have to they come face to face with their doubts, fears and self judgments and worries of what other people think about them. Maybe you can start journaling out what those things are. And then learn to get yourself into a different state of mind.

[1653:16] Speaker 1: Later learn to get yourself into a different state of mind. Using tools like Jasper can help you come up with what are the words to say you use this four part framework right here.

[1658:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: attention grabbing questions. And here's the thing. You can say you're going to do this on a call like this. But the proof is in the pudding. I've seen a number of you on my trainings, you haven't done anything.

[1660:54] Speaker 1: You haven't done anything. And so there's nothing that

[1662:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: tells me that you're going to do anything at all anymore for the next six to 12 months.

[1663:48] Speaker 1: It's up to you to

[1664:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: figure out why you're physically incapable of doing anything in your business. It's up to you to figure out what is going on in your brain that has you so stuck, that you are physically handicapped from having the ability to even press record on your camera. I see so many people doing this. They have goals, they have dreams, they want to build a coaching business. But when it comes to actually doing the work actually creating their offer, they got 1,000,001 reasons why they can't they got 1,000,001 reasons why they shouldn't or why now isn't the best time or why next month is the best time and then next month rolls around and then next month rolls around and then next month rolls around. You have a decision to make in your life and in your business. Are you going to let your circumstances control you and dictate you? Are you going to keep being a prison to the life that you're in? Or are you going to choose To create the life that you want, are you going to choose to rise up and design your life instead of living with how it's been handed to you? Jeremiah Didn't you just say we need to accept things how they are and stop trying to control things I did. That only comes by surrendering and giving up the need to control so much controlling how people think about you, controlling how you look, making everybody happy, submitting to other people's opinions of you, doing all the stuff that everybody else is telling you that you need to do every single day.

[1690:53] Speaker 1: One simple offer, that's all you need. Use this framework to direct traffic to that offer.

[1693:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you'll get sales in your business. And I'd love to help you do that. If you join me for these five days in this intensive to create and launch your coaching business to six figures five day intensive, I can't wait to work with you to help you design and craft your coaching business that's actually going to produce results. How are my wife and I making multiple six figures passively now in our coaching business? Four months ago,

[1700:03] Speaker 1: we weren't. Four months ago, our business

[1701:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: was doing maybe two to $5,000 a month and coaching. Now we're right at around $40,000 a month.

[1702:49] Speaker 1: How is that?

[1703:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why did that change?

[1703:26] Speaker 1: How did that change?

[1704:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: By creating offers and promoting them to people out there? And being willing to get past the fear of is this going to work out? Am I going to lose money? Do I look right? Do people how are they judging me? What do they think about me? And by actually launching my business? To get in front of my target customer, to make them offers to start to grow my business? Listen, if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a course creator, and you're not making offers, and you're not connecting with people, what are you doing? Well, I'm making my course I'm mapping my course out, I'm mapping out my coaching program. Why? Because some idiot told you that that's how you're supposed to do

[1714:59] Speaker 1: it. That's why because you believe

[1716:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: that doing busy work that is a waste of your time, is what you should be doing instead of actually making money.

[1717:45] Speaker 1: That's the only reason why you have to

[1718:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: do a certain level of things to be good enough to launch your business. That's you have to make a certain number of social media posts to be good enough that you have to season your social media pages to be good enough. I'm sorry, but these are allies.

[1723:01] Speaker 1: That keeps people broke. And I

[1724:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't want to see you broke. And I don't want to see you saying broke and keep doing what the Guru's out there are telling you that you need to do that are wasting your time just so that they can pick your pockets clean and steal

[1727:09] Speaker 1: from you. I want to help you make

[1728:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: real money in your business. And it starts by growing your email list. It starts by creating offers that speak to exactly what the problem that your target customer has. It starts by you finding those people and connecting with them and getting into conversations with them. It's not by you doing fancy tricks on the internet and spinning tricks and hoping humans buy from you. It's not by you dancing on Tik Tok, and hoping to go viral. It's by you having an offer that get somebody's email address, so that you can connect with and communicate to the right target customer that will end up buying from you and stop worrying about anybody else. Stop worrying about anybody else who won't buy from you.

[1743:13] Speaker 1: The truth is, I don't care about any of the

[1744:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: people that aren't going to spend money with me. I really don't. If you don't plan on buying anything from me, I don't care about

[1746:00] Speaker 1: you. I don't go bye bye. Go do something else. See you later. Adios. The only type

[1750:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: of person that I talked to is the one that I know is a buyer.

[1751:02] Speaker 1: The one that I know that has the potential to buy from me. Wasn't that rude? Isn't that aren't you hurting those people? Jeremiah? somebody's opinion. somebody's opinion. If you hold in your mind

[1756:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you're that you're a superhero that's supposed to save everybody else. And then it's your job to be the Savior of the world to all these people that are out there.

[1759:29] Speaker 1: And you're trying to help all these people that are aren't going to spend money with you, that's the fastest way to stay broke. That's the fastest way to struggle. That's the fastest way

[1762:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: to never reach your goals and never make them make the amount of money that you want to make.

[1763:38] Speaker 1: If you can, when you can learn to only speak to the people who are willing to give you money, buyers, that's all you're talking to buyers, potential buyers, how do you know what a potential buyer is? Because of pattern recognition. So what I do is I look at who are the people who have bought from me in the past? What do all of them have in common, and then I only ever talk about and care about people who have the same things in common, and I ignore the rest. I ignore the rest. No matter how pissed off, they get me, no matter how much they think that that makes me a bad person. When you learn to no longer try to

[1777:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: keep everybody and hold so tightly to everybody, and make everybody get a result, it's not your job to get people results. It's their job to take the opportunity for you hear me out in your business, as a coach, you are selling results, but you have no ability to get somebody

[1782:43] Speaker 1: results ever. Your client has the ability to get themselves results by doing what you direct them to. And when you detach

[1786:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: from the belief that it's your responsibility to make people do what they should.

[1788:36] Speaker 1: And you learn to present an opportunity to people and to communicate powerfully.

[1790:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you learn to attract the right customer with the script that I've shown you in this training with your video add script to an offer that people want, everything else becomes very easy. Why would you even work so hard? The only reason why is pride. The only reason why is because for whatever reason, pride and ego have convinced people that they have to do more than what I've just talked about, or they're not good enough, or they're not moral or they're not ethical or they don't have integrity.

[1798:55] Speaker 1: And I believe that those people literally have their head so far up their butt literally, that they will never succeed until they change that way of believing.

[1800:54] Speaker 1: I was one of them. I was one of those people

[1802:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was so arrogant, that was so prideful, that believed that it was my job my responsibility to make people do what they should.

[1805:35] Speaker 1: And that I could help everybody. And that kept

[1806:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: me broke. And what started to actually make us money in our business is when I gave up the crown of being the savior of the world to everybody, and just focus on who's going to spend money with me, and I just stopped worrying about anybody else. And I focused on what do I want with my life? What do I want to create? And I stopped worrying about what anybody thinks about me. How do I stop worrying how anybody feels

[1812:41] Speaker 1: I stopped worrying about making people feel good. If you're so focused in your business about making people feel good as a coach, and as of course gonna listen to other business models, their people are paying you to make them feel good. As a coach and as a course creator. They're not. That's the fastest path to broke city is trying to coddle people, as trying to make them love you

[1820:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: as trying to be all things to all people and make them love you. You want to demonstrate that you love people enough that you're willing to speak truth to them, that you're willing to point them to the solution that's

[1824:05] Speaker 1: going to help them and that you don't care who agrees with you or who doesn't. When you do this, when

[1826:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: you show up with confidence, with integrity with self esteem, you don't need to prove yourself to

[1827:58] Speaker 1: anybody. I get it

[1829:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe school taught you maybe your parents taught you. Maybe you've been told your whole life that you got to prove yourself to everybody around you. You got to you got to break up with that belief system of needing to prove your worth to people and just start believing that you're a badass. Just start believing that you are absolutely incredible. That you are absolutely worth people spending 1000 2000 $5,000 with you no matter what.

[1837:02] Speaker 1: And when you come to the table with that level

[1837:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: of confidence in your video ads, in your promotions in your offers. It becomes irresistible for people to buy from you That's what I'm gonna show you how to do. In this event, this five day intensive is how to create and launch your coaching business successfully to six figures to make the kind of money that you

[1842:56] Speaker 1: want to make. Do you want to keep being broke? Great? Don't join me? Do you want to make some money, this will be an opportunity to help you. So

[1846:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is this has been great, this has been good again, I'm gonna send you the PDF

[1847:54] Speaker 1: with

[1849:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: the like the copy examples. I'm gonna send you this right here the trial of Jasper the recipe? What do you use to come up with the Facebook ad headline? These are examples of copy. And then this is the video ad script right here. The attention grabbing question that frames both the solution in the problem they have? Who are you and what qualifies you to help them? What's one big result that validates your track record? And then what is the sentence that you can say that tells them what you offer? What your offer is? What is your free offer? What is your ebook? What is your quiz? What is your VSL going to talk about? What is your webinar going to talk about? What is your five day challenge, going to talk about your three day challenge whatever that is.

[1861:11] Speaker 1: So you got to dial in that offer and then your video ad. Basically these questions answer themselves once you have your offer created.

[1863:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if you don't have an offer created, you don't know what to offer people. That's what we're gonna go over on this. If you upgraded to the VIP for this event, again, you got the bonus training on finding your niche. If you're still stuck. You don't know what what your niche is, it's a two hour training where I literally just go into finding your niche. Again, the best way to do it to recap, right three or four niches down, I give you a PDF in there that gives you 100 niches to choose from. And then go do something else, go have some fun, highlight the ones that really emotionally grab you. You need to learn to emotionally tap into what feels right. Your intuition is what's actually going to lead you to success in this business,

[1875:09] Speaker 1: not your logic. I'm a very logical person, normally, I have to turn off my logic completely, to be able to actually create the offers that convert to people. And listen to my intuition. I learn to

[1879:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: tap into that emotional intuition, feeling and I'll even spend some time in prayer and I'll say, God, show me what are the offers I can do to help people and I trust and I have faith that I'll start to hear in my thoughts in my spirit, I'll start to feel what those offers are. They help people and every time that I've done that, as a strategy, it works. And then I use Jasper to help me refine what those words are. It's It's not rocket science people, it's way simpler than we make it. It's way less complicated than so many people

[1887:19] Speaker 1: make it. And so in those bonus

[1888:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: trainings, if you if you signed up for this, um, you can still upgrade to the VIP.

[1890:20] Speaker 1: Get the recording of this session, get those bonus trainings. Where is finding your niche? Yeah, like I said, it's in the bonus training. You can upgrade here, you get the four bonus trainings.

[1895:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Plus, you get the recording of this two hour session Plus, you're gonna get the q&a that's about to start right now. I'm gonna log into that you'll get an email to that you can access the bonus trainings, finding your niche training, creating your six figure lead magnet coaching, Fastlane training, mindset training, bonus PDFs, and my high level target customer roadmap all for $17 right here, when you click on the VIP upgrade for this event, so this is different than the one for the other events. Okay, that's for this one. What's the difference between this one and the next one? Well, this one's one day and the next one is five days. And this one's about your video ads. This one's about actually creating, launching and building your whole coaching business. Okay, so we did this one on Saturday here today,

[1907:11] Speaker 1: right here. So if you don't know where the VIP is, you can also always just

[1909:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: type in your, your name and email again, don't be afraid of like ruining my system by doing this. And then you can upgrade literally I recorded this like on my cell phone in my kitchen. This video. I'm not worried about looking Pro to anybody. I'm not worried about sounding like a pro to any of you. And that's what's made me a ton of money. And neither should you worry about that as well. So this $17 That's going to give you that finding your niche training that creating that lead magnet training plus the q&a that we're about to go into so when you read it if you register for this right now, you'll get an email to another zoom link for the q&a. If you've already registered for it. Go check your email for the Zoom link. If you don't have have the zoom link for the VIP q&a. Go right to me at hello at Jeremiah krakowski.com.

[1922:12] Speaker 1: Or go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Scroll to the bottom here,

[1923:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: click on contact, say I don't have the VIP zoom link and Abigail will send that to you. Okay, if you want to know how to actually access the recordings of what you purchase with the VIP, you go to Jeremiah krakowski.com, you click login in the corner, this will take you to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, you end up logging in

[1928:30] Speaker 1: with the

[1929:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: username and password that was sent to you. And then that will give you those VIP upgrades that will give you those bonus trainings as well on finding your niche on creating your six figure lead magnet in the back end here. Again, if you don't know how to access those recordings, write to me at the contact form on my website. And I'll help you with that. For the rest of you. I'm excited to see you in the VIP after the session here. We're about to go jump into that Zoom call for everybody else. Again, if you're not going to join us there at least join us next week for the five day training.

[1937:43] Speaker 1: Join us for this five day training right here

[1938:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: on how to create launch your coaching business to six figures and consider upgrading to the VIP to get the five days of q&a with me plus the bonus sessions that are included with this. I can't wait to see everybody on this five day event. I'm gonna go jump into the VIP now and I'll see you guys over there. We'll talk soon

