72722__vip_masterclass-_poverty_mindset,_quiz_to_remember_who_you_are_and__head_and_shoulders_patterns.mp4 (360p)
Date: 2022-07-29T13:55:21.000Z
Duration: 143 min
Otter ID: 6d10rWXxd41_DfX-jSbWMpEHxTU
---

[1:50] Sandi: Good morning I was very happy I got out of geo VX yesterday. Um so I shared with my VIPs. Yesterday, I got into geo VX at 189. Okay, and I did this after hours. And as I was watching it after hours now mind you My strategy for making money day trading

[23:26] Speaker 1: is about

[23:39] Sandi: 25% of how I've built my portfolio. So if you were to look at what I do consistently to grow my income with my portfolio, about 25% would be day trades. You know, when we were in much more of a bear market or bull market, it's still I don't even I mean, there was a time when 90% of what I was doing was day trades and swing trades. And I came to understand the value of long holds and things like that. So yesterday, I got in at 189 after hours. And then I realized there's not enough volume here for the timeframe that I have right now to play with this day trade. First of all, I've executed so many day trades that I've gotten to the point that if it's not going to take me where I want it to go within an hour 99% of the time I'm gonna get out. I'm not going to spend my whole day trying to make money on a day trade. So I hope that something many of you will take to heart. And the reason being is because the energy that it takes to come up with a plan, execute the plan, sit there and wait to see whether or not that thing's going to work. Try to figure out why it didn't work this that and the other thing that's not appealing to me. What is appealing to me is multiplication. Period. And I'm gonna hit this hard during our masterclass today. So the primary thing that appeals to me is multiplication. When I'm doing day trades, I got an at $1.89 I'm watching the volume. Now mind you, I already watched the float I already made a decision, this is what I'm gonna get into. But if that volume is not consistently going where I want it, I'm getting out. I'm not waiting for the rest of the day. I'm not waiting to see if it's going to do it tomorrow. I'm not waiting to see if it's going to do it in an hour. I don't care whether or not it goes up at $1 A share an hour later. And until you can get that kind of ballsy belief in your ability to trade you will leave far too much money on the table. Or you will put the money you have made into a paper shredder. I'm going to talk to you guys today about your core beliefs about money. And your core beliefs about money can always be traced back to information that you received in your past whether it was your upbringing, whether it was an experience, whether it's something you went through whether you heard a sermon in it, you know you got a lever shiver, and all of a sudden you changed your whole theology about money, whatever it is, I can prove to you that your beliefs are coming from your past. And what's interesting is just like in business, there's only like 10, maybe 20% of people who can grow a profitable business and make it sustain. I'm not impressed with you're not a serial entre. manure, if you grew this, and it was amazing, and then it stopped, and you grew that, and it was crazy, amazing, but then stopped, and you lost it all. That's not a history of wealth. That's a history of knowing how to make money. That's only 20% of wealth, the business owner who can make a quarter of a million dollars a year, every single year, for seven years, as more of an understanding of business, then the business owner who made 200,000 And this and then it stopped, made 80,000 there, and then it stopped, made a half a million there, and then it disappeared. There's a core belief for why that person can't sustain. Sometimes it's because they will not get out of their fixated method of what it took for them to make that first amount of money, they can't alter their their situation, that's a control issue that comes from a core belief about money has nothing to do with the market. And business has nothing to do with the market in stocks. So we're going to talk about that. And we're going to do a quiz today. Because there's not going to be anybody in this group who will ever be able to say, I don't know who I am. We're going to do a quiz today. And you are going to come face to face with who you are.

[101:19] Sandi: And when you come face to face with who you are, you're going to realize you're smarter, you're wiser, you're stronger, and you've been accommodating either the people around you or the situation around you. And today is the day for that to come off. So it's not about investments. It's not about technical analysis, it's not about finding the best stop loss. It's not about watching hundreds of charts. It's not about doing your trading plan, none of that all of that is shitting a toilet, if you will not deal with your core beliefs. And I don't even care how much money you've made, if you will not to deal with your core beliefs. You're never going to have the kind of money that you want to mirror the kind of life you want, ever. You will be here 10 years from now, if we don't address the core beliefs. So knowing that there's never been a class like what we do here, because we're dealing with the core beliefs telling you, and here's the thing, the fruit of this group in one year, should affect other areas of your life. I didn't say one month, by the way, some of you have a bad month and you quit. Have you read the discipline traitor? Do you know how that man became such a success? Have you read Mark Minervini he's information. Do you know I've lost 100 grand in a day. I've made a couple 100,000 In a day in trading. But I've lost 100 grand in a day. The people who make the most amount of money don't quit when they lose the most amount of money. Your ability to make money is synonymous with your ability to get a grip and recover if you lose money. And when you lose money, and you cannibalize everything you've ever done. That is a core belief that has nothing to do with the market that has nothing to do with anything other than your core belief about money that you weren't willing to deal with. So I'm excited about what I have for you today. And I'm so glad I got out of Gov x. So I got in at 189. And the the volume was like trickling, like trickling it was going up. But if it's not going up like this, this is the cadence of how I need volume to go up on the day trade. It's so funny. I have developed very personal methods for me to tell if something's doing what I need it to do. And I noticed one day I was like going like this. That's how I needed the volume to go. So I'm sitting there yesterday, and I'm watching it and it's gone like this

[144:19] Sandi: I wish there were sound effects we could have on the volume, because some of you would pay more attention to it. And it was so sporadic and not doing what I needed it to do. I was immediately looking for a door out. I bought 25,000 shares at $1.89. And they got out at $1.92 because it wasn't worth my time. Did it and I think what 12 minutes some of you would have sat around, waited. But the time had climbed a little bit more you would have wondered if it was going to go any more than you would have waited to see if it could go another 10 cents and then it would have dropped and you would have blamed it on the market. All right. Very interesting day we're going to deal with today with the spy and with the feds. The spy is back where it was last week. Remember what I said no matter what the feds say today Okay. And again, yes, who just said geoVax had 210 million about Sure did, but that 210 million wasn't doing Jack nothing. And the new after hours, there was like 70 million. But it wasn't moving as fast as I needed it to pull up the spy. Watch the spy, look at the spy the volume tricking. So go so they can see the volume. Do you see how this volume is going like this? Why is my spy showing different volume?

[171:57] Sandi: Okay, there we go. Do you see how it's going like this? Do you see how it's going like this is moving. That's what you need. You can have a perfect candlestick pattern, identify every double bottom double top three triple layer cake with chocolate. But if the volumes aren't doing what it's doing, right, it needs to do, you're screwed. And I was really nervous because at one point, I couldn't sell it 192 It only sold a little bit and I was like, Oh crap. That's the other thing you have to be careful of. If there's not enough volume, you may get in fast, but you might not be able to get out.

[184:22] Speaker 2: And then you're in trouble.

[185:24] Sandi: So, remember what I said as well, no matter what the feds say today, people will be spending money within six months even if it doesn't change. Because they'll they'll find a way. Think about the pandemic. I literally thought 25% of people in America were going to be homeless with the pandemic shocked me. Shouldn't have but it did.

[191:36] Speaker 0: What in the world is going on with the spy? Wow. I know. Up and down.

[193:21] John: Volatility, huh?

[194:20] Sandi: So we're gonna go until our normal time. Take a 10 minute break and then we'll do the masterclass I need as much time as possible for that.

[197:47] John: Yeah, mine's gonna be short. So you'll have you'll have more time.

[199:58] John: See here, B W v is going up. I think this is a monkey pox vaccine playing. feels funny to say that right?

[204:45] Sandi: Yeah, that's they wanted to change the name of it. But one of the things that's important to remember is, not every disease is transferable to humans. And not every strain of every disease is transferable to humans. But when it strain is transferable to humans from an animal, it's virtuality I guess, the its ability to infect a new person, or a new animal increases. Like for example, when I first got Snickers, he had Giardia not uncommon with new puppies, but it's not the same Giardia that most humans get. And was able to clear it up in like, three days. You get what I'm saying? If he got the Giardia that humans used to get, by the way, humans usually can't transfer disease to a dog not usually because they have a different immune response.

[222:22] John: So so this one is moving nicely. Teva is another penny stock that's moving. This one is seems to be moving because apparently they're their lawsuit their opioid lawsuit is getting ready to be resolved. So that's why it's moving. PG y is also moving. There got an analyst saying that there they should be a buy. And so people are listening to the analysts.

[237:00] Sandi: Yeah, I'd like you to pull something up. And I'm going to coach Markita through this with everybody and feel free John to interrupt me talk over me Give me Your input whatever. Sure. Um, so pull up Microsoft. And marquetta says that she's trying to understand what happened is she had a goal set. Okay, here's the thing, she had a goal. And the massive drop after hours triggered her stop loss and she lost dollars as an hour later, the price went up. Okay, first of all, Mark had a, I would, I can't advise you what to do. But I will tell you, I would never be day trading Microsoft, especially in this market, especially since Microsoft has almost $100 on the table that you could earn. And I would never have had, I don't have a stoploss set with long holds. Now I know that you said you were trying to swing trade? Well, the number one way for you to avoid a loss like this is to stop setting stop losses on large leader companies like this, that will have a history of going up and down and up and down and up and down. But could also pay you hundreds of 1000s of dollars. Anyone who has held Microsoft for two years could tell you, it can have swings of even $100 and still end up paying you a ton of money. Second thing if you are going to swing trade in this market, you have got to keep an eye on it. The fact that it the minute it came within a couple of dollars of your stop loss, you should have adjusted it. And if you look at the time period, between where it dropped. And when it went back up, like you should have kept an eye on that. The third thing I would say is you were doing a swing trade when there was an earnings call. And we've said repeatedly when there is earnings, you are going to have what Sandy's going to call dysfunctional moves on the stocks, it's not predictable. You can't have a goal. On an earnings day, you can't doesn't matter who you are to set a goal on an earnings day is dysfunctional. Because that stock is not going to it's not going to obey the best of trading plans, because it's earnings day. So now you've got three things against what you were trying to do, trying to set a goal on earnings day, not watching your stop loss. So you could go ahead and modify it and setting a stop loss immediately on something that you are actually choosing to swing. And it's a leader company, which I would have never advised in the first place. I would have watched it throughout the day, at least twice an hour, maybe three, four times an hour. And it's not uncommon that that thing's going to go up $20 It won't be uncommon that this thing might go back down to 240 after the Feds talk and go back up to 280 next week. So that's how you avoid a loss.

[292:28] John: Yeah, all right. So I marquetta I don't mind you. Day trading a big company. I do it. But the I think the big problem that I saw your

[296:42] Sandi: your My point was though, in this market, I'd be careful day trading in this market.

[297:52] John: Yeah, definitely day trading is harder in this market with companies to the mistake that that I believe you made was one, you you tried to set it and forget it with earnings. And you know, we've repeatedly said earnings is extremely volatile. If you're any any short term trades, you should get out before the earnings. But you know, you want to get into the earnings, which is fine. But if if you trade earnings enough, you'll start to see it's something you can't set and forget, you can't set a stop loss, because when you set your stop loss, that thing just took you out, right? It did a big swing, you can't do that. If you're going to do that. If you're going to trade earnings, do it manually, because that this thing will select this big alligator that just grabs you and just whips you from side to side, you know,

[312:56] Sandi: which basically means if you're going to do a swing or a day on earnings, then be responsible and realize I've made a choice to do a day trade or a swing trade on earnings day. So I have the obligation that I have to check my phone every 10 minutes. I have to otherwise don't swing on an earnings day at all. And here's the thing you lost $140 But the education you're getting right now if you had not set Do that stop loss and that day, write on a piece of paper what you could have earned when it went all the way to 269. And you could have gotten out there. Because rather than focusing on what you lost the edge, you just received an education and how to capitalize on $20 a share on a leadership company, which is a huge education way, way worth more than 140 bucks. So back to Microsoft.

[328:19] John: I was going to show her another earnings. Basically Marketo like just realize what you're dealing with, with with with earnings earnings is extremely volatile, you're gonna have to pay attention to it and and do it manually.

[332:36] Sandi: And here's the other thing, and maybe we haven't clarified it, earnings can turn the most solid leadership strong on irrefutable unstoppable company into a dysfunctional mess for 24 hours. Yeah. Because people just get weird about earnings. And yes, thank you Mark from Marketo, because it's helping a lot of people what we just said. So what's really cool is, now you're going to accelerate your skill set. Because you now know what to do. Now, as far as his swing, John, in this market, would you really set a stoploss was something that you're attempting to trade for two to four days in this market? I personally won't I mean, because this I don't use. Don't use stop losses and swing trades, when you guys need to understand that he just said that no stop losses with swing trades, you have to keep an eye on it.

[349:57] John: Like, you know, if I'm entering a swing trade, it's it's not something that I feel like I got to watch every minute, otherwise, I can't sleep.

[352:09] Sandi: Right, exactly. But

[353:20] John: what I will do is I won't set a stop loss order, I'll have my my stop loss price point, but I'm going to do that manually. But with swings like this, I don't I don't want it to execute over this little blip over here. You know,

[358:54] Sandi: can you stop sharing for a second? Sure. So I just had this pop in my head and I want to draw it out for you guys. So here's the thing, yesterday, I got in geo VX at $1.89. Okay, I was hoping it would go back up to $2. And something sense, the reason we set a stop loss and a stop loss is day trading language, not start not swing trading, not long holds, is watch this with regular momentum. This thing could have gone up here and down here and I'm drawing the wrong way it could have gone up here and down here and a matter of a blink of my eye. I remember watching it during the day when I was at the gym geoVax and I would blink and the thing changed seven cents. So what your stop loss is doing is preventing you in case you blink and that dang thing comes down to $1.70 that's where my stop loss was. I'm going to lose a couple $1,000 at $1.70 but I'm willing to do lose it out a couple $1,000 for the risk of making 10,000 Up here I have a stoploss set because I cannot humanly get in there and sell my shares and this is why we call it the Get the hell out of there price this is my Get the hell out of there price. Now when it started going like that it just started on this like it was like like seriously went from being an Olympic racer to a senior citizen Oh good. Hardly walked down the road. As soon as he got in here I got out remember a stoploss is to is to help you not so you can set it and forget it ever. Stop Loss is not synonymous with set it and forget it. Stop Loss is not your protection so you don't have to stare at your computer all day. A stop loss is so that if a price shifts so fast you can't humanly change it it's gonna protect your butt There we go. So we have to get the hell out of there price in the Protect your butt price

[397:14] Speaker 2: all righty

[397:55] John: let's share my screen again here.

[398:18] Sandi: Yes, please. Wow, we're at 395 at the spy

[399:56] Speaker 1: let me See? Oh, yeah,

[400:24] Sandi: it's so funny. I'm wondering if the market is just gonna say whatever you're doing, keep going, we're just gonna keep as much as the pandemic made a lot of people crazy. They just are a new level of crazy. The pandemic also builds a resilience in a whole group of people who did not have resilience before. And I like to believe that they're actually involved in the stock market, many of them now, people who are like woke up one day and were like, Oh, my God, I'm 10 years or 20 years away from retirement, and I don't have any money put away and they started doing some investing. It's kind of fun to watch what's going to happen today.

[412:34] John: Yeah, it's gonna be interesting. What what time, the Fed usually in the afternoon, right?

[413:57] Sandi: Yes, yeah. If somebody wants to run to Google and ask Mr. Google when the Feds talking today, that'd be great. And then just type in just the thoughts and semiconductor stocks. Well, as far as we know, plus 44, Pelosi gave some insider information to her husband, which they've been doing all the time. He bought a couple million dollars worth of Nvidia. There were some pushing and pulling and whatever I was watching it yesterday and lo and behold, this morning when I woke up at one o'clock to let Snickers go potty, I noticed that they actually passed it last night. And I was like, oh my god so I went in and bought another $150 and then videos so the semiconductor bill was passed. And there's a lot of different stocks within there. I personally would do what Paul Pelosi did and man what a recovery he went from DUI to you know trading a couple million dollars on an insider trade anyway

[430:28] Sandi: I think he and Nancy are just stashing away as much money as they can till she finally gets caught and they go off the grid. So anyway pick one of these according maybe to your price range or whatever I personally would pick NVIDIA or AMD because of the reputation of the company Yeah, I would not pick any anybody new

[437:54] Sandi: swell Liana with quick scalps you said I've heard it's better to keep a mental stop loss versus a real one. That is true because if you but only if you are accustomed to executing quickly okay if you have a mental stop loss but you you have a habit that as soon as that number gets close to your stop loss you freeze some people physiologically freeze the moment they've they noticed they're losing money you have to still set it

[449:23] John: see here I just got out of my traded um it did not go it did not dip as much as I wanted it to.

[454:05] Sandi: Now when I make a decision to do day trades, I've also made a decision to be sitting in front of my computer far more than I typically am. So and because I know for years I've been able to execute things very quickly with ads and whatever I don't set a whole lot of stop losses unless something's really ridiculously going up and down really really fast. So remember that as well as your skill increases you might go more towards

[462:40] Speaker 2: the mental stop loss Eugene why halted? Oh smoothing now

[465:53] Sandi: Well, Michelle McFadden if you froze and now you're gun shy the the only way to get over gun shyness has picked that gun up and fired 100 Times

[468:39] John: said CDT acts as a dangerous rule. I don't see a setup here.

[472:18] Speaker 2: I don't like the movement.

[473:51] Sandi: Now do you see how sporadic that volume is? Look at the volume. Remember how he told you guys like this? Look at it. It has a key this is I'm doing the movements of this volume. Cave three seconds has already gone by and it has an ad. Now there's another one. Do you see the difference in the volume versus

[480:00] Sandi: Hey Carina says I bought Tesla at 836 is climbing today how would you use today's news from the feds? It all depends Karina, if you have Tesla as a long hold or not, I personally will not be selling my Tesla till it gets closer to 1500 and I have more than 1000 shares at 620 You can do that it may drop considerably and again you could even buy more on the way down and whatever it just depends what your goal is.

[491:43] Sandi: Thank you everyone. So it looks like anywhere between 11 and 2pm the feds are talking we have all different kinds of yes Listen, it's like a cadence. It's very much like a cadence and a rhythm. Absolutely. And I am so musically wired it's not unusual that I would pick up that pattern

[500:13] John: Yeah, this PG y is a spec. So it it just became public. Here this is a fin tech company and we fin tech company went into two it went from the twos to above 20 bucks I see

[507:46] Sandi: So did you guys see my little Little Miss creator creatures that I posted today? No you know the whole Little Miss Thing? Yeah, here's stop sharing your screen real quick. Little Miss buy them dips Little Miss don't forget to take some profit. Little Miss I forgot to set my stop loss. And this one's my favorite little miss I talk all day in trading chat rooms but I'm not making any money don't let that be you.

[517:37] John: Yellow here

[519:14] Sandi: how do you find out when the Feds talk? You're just go to Google and type in one two, the Feds talk today the spy is hovering around 395. mean who knows what's gonna happen our drunken President thinks we're not even in a recession or anything. I just

[526:48] Sandi: Oh my Lord. I truly have a gut instinct that when the rally up comes when things are going up, it's going to happen fast. And a lot of people are going to be doubting it just like they were last week. Wasn't that funny? How many of you didn't doubt and hung in there and you made money last week you saw that increase? You saw that like the potential of what's going to happen when it rallies up. But then there were a lot of people who couldn't handle it. They got overly confident they just Yep.

[536:55] John: Ship Shopify moving up after earnings. Here's everything that's coming up with earnings today got ups, Alphabet Coca Cola notes, today's Wednesday, Shopify.

[541:24] Sandi: I had to double check twice

[543:01] John: buoying for Spotify, Qualcomm, some big companies.

[544:54] Sandi: Now Spotify doing now that Joe Rogan pretty much told him to kiss his let's just I used to trade Spotify quite a bit. It's doing good things. Yep, I see that.

[549:31] John: So Joe Rogan's no longer on Spotify?

[550:45] Sandi: No, he has. He's just decided to say what he wants. Yeah. If he starts censoring himself too much that he's gonna lose his audience

[555:51] John: that's why we listen to him because he says he's a male. Oprah.

[558:00] Sandi: I don't know that Oprah has a history of just saying whatever she wants, but that's my opinion.

[559:14] John: Oh, no. He's like, as As guys we just love Joe Rogan we just so our affinity towards Joe Rogan is like what I've seen women

[562:07] Sandi: toy yeah yes yeah don't get me wrong I love Oprah but I don't

[568:25] Sandi: remember when I mentioned Coinbase and said I would never get any put any money in there yeah, Kathy would finally sold all of her Coinbase yesterday Oh really? To the tune of multiple six figures in loss I do not understand her logic at all. When that man started doing all kinds of things that were like he wasn't letting people have access to their products yeah and to their money and so now he's got an SEC lawsuit on his hands. Good yeah

[579:20] John: if the queues was spies going

[579:46] Sandi: so the queues are over 300 Yeah 3011 Right now the markets expectation of the Feds talk is

[584:57] John: test is trying to break through this 800 is supposed to be after we're done it stopped have some nice smooth

[599:04] John: Sarah day trade same day buying and selling same thing

[606:19] John: see our penny stock was moving took a dip and now it's going sideways

[610:07] Sandi: cov X has been going sideways since I got out yesterday Yeah so glad I got out suddenly 5 million in the bank or no this is something different

[613:07] John: 3030 More yes still not dead yet? No she's just lost a lot

[618:38] John: volume is starting to decrease here

[621:25] John: Teva is keeping its gains Spotify trying to break out

[629:49] Sandi: see health care expands I'm going to have to add Spotify back to my watch list that's a big jump. That's $15 today. Yeah.

[636:57] John: And it's it's approaching breakout point.

[637:56] Sandi: Yeah, and actually it's crazy $15 And there's only 1.5 Have 8 million the volume is not I mean it's going up but it's not like crazy going up there's a couple $100 on the table with Spotify when it goes back towards its market cap

[644:57] John: so it beat its expected revenue it also be the monthly active user total monthly active users yeah this is interesting. I'm liking Spotify Mm hmm my videos don't get to Apple Apple is moving

[662:58] Sandi: the NASDAQ is surging 250 points

[669:14] Sandi: in interesting here's the first article I've ever I've ever seen on Market Watch since we went into a bear market. And it's we're probably in the early stages of a new bull market. Whoa yeah. When you look at that picture of the psychology of the market very interesting.

[676:44] John: Well, we broke through this trendline this was the bear trendline right. Yeah. And broke through it. So could be

[680:07] Sandi: can you imagine there's been bear markets that have lasted six months to a year i i might need to be medicated for something.

[684:26] John: It's going to be interesting to see how the market reacts to the two o'clock announcement?

[686:51] Sandi: Yeah, it will be. So that's 11 My time.

[692:36] John: Spotify went to use 360 files.

[693:20] Sandi: Yeah, last year. That was when Rogen first signed the contract. Oh, yeah. Actually went to 380. Something. Wow.

[699:14] John: Is this when they started censoring?

[700:41] Sandi: Oh, I have so much to say but don't want. It wouldn't be profitable for all of us.

[703:02] John: This I guess this fall got the CEO to start saying, Hey, if you don't want to work here, the network? Well.

[706:06] Sandi: Those of you who are fact finders and interesting research for you to do is the amount of companies that have lost hundreds of millions of dollars by submitting themselves to this whole woke intoxicated culture. All right. And then what happens with their company when they finally say eff it? Y'all can be mad, we'd rather be profitable and not have to lay all of you off. They're trying to attribute Facebook is that Facebook and Shopify, laying off 10% of their staff. And I'm thinking, Well, you can't bank on a sudden surge of E commerce users. You have to look at the overall average annual lot of people handled the pandemic not like it was a black friday product sales surge like we should have, but like it was the new normal and it's not. So when you're doing your research, try to in my opinion, what I do is I look at charts and I ignore what happened during the pandemic because that was an isolated incident that has not ever happened in the United States with all these tech companies, and go back to where they were prior to the pandemic, and you will see that they're actually doing quite well but Facebook, you know, is totally like, totally gotten into left field. And Spotify he apologized to the team because he admitted I banked too much on too many users like we thought all these ecommerce users are going to stay around and I'm sitting there thinking Are you kidding me? Your number one product and your number one customers a small business owner

[738:51] John: that's a huge drop by letter. Yes

[741:40] John: this is another one that had a big big drop.

[742:28] Sandi: Well, Disney recently said they are not running any of these commercials that are pushing some of this woke agenda. Yeah, on Hulu. They own Hulu and they said we're not we're not allowing those commercials and a lot of those extreme left parties who want who are dependent that average has been mad as hell.

[749:20] John: Interesting of Slyke Michael said go whoa go broke. I mean

[753:35] John: tired so Allah Alexa is tired here we start with smoothing.

[758:39] Sandi: That's why one of the top lessons you have to learn in business is to make decisions that are customer centric towards the majority of your customer base, not the loudest cantankerous victim minded BS headed yes part of your client base. You have to be willing to lose all of those people to get more of who actually is your ideal client

[766:24] John: yep so Alexa, this is a crypto play and it's moving because Bitcoin started moving again this morning

[769:36] Sandi: whoa Tesla had 8040 push past 800 Which is gonna push the spy up a little bit more if it keeps it in Amazon's up to 118

[776:05] Sandi: Apple sitting very comfortably at one at 154

[778:07] Speaker 2: Yeah

[778:50] Speaker 1: staying above 150 spot infested areas

[786:07] Sandi: I'm feeling led to look at Spotify again

[789:34] Sandi: about moves the total revenue and the users were beat and they got rid of

[791:37] Speaker 2: the car thing dashboard huh,

[796:59] Sandi: I think I might go buy some Spotify.

[797:51] John: Yeah, it looks good. Yeah, I

[798:21] Sandi: used to have some obviously this Big Move it's gonna settle so probably be wise to buy after the Feds talk. This would have been such a sexy day trade today though. Go from like 105 to 120 That's the kind of day trade I like makes you want to dance. Right? It makes me want to buy is what it makes me

[807:56] Sandi: so let's say you go ahead

[808:42] John: she's asked the bill pass is that strong enough news for the swing? You know normally you don't haven't researched that that bill but anytime there is an opening for business in an in a sector that's a huge thing that could be a huge thing. But the only thing that has me concerned about swinging again I've been experimenting with swings and it's just things are not behaving like they used to the thing that has me worried about swinging at this point is what's they're gonna say at two o'clock so what they say could affect the market so the I'm not going to be swinging today I want to watch

[822:51] Sandi: and I'm a long term hold on Nvidia

[823:38] John: yeah no videos for sure a long term long term goal in my opinion

[829:49] John: Amanda I don't both Sandy and I don't like to attach our trading view with our brokers it will slow you down

[836:32] John: sir, I'm going to watch I'm going to watch and see what happens I walk by until I see something that makes sense

[843:34] Sandi: what's Dave I keep seeing that come up. Day

[845:57] Sandi: Amanda, you'll see the brokerages that we recommend in the guide in the group and we just recommend that you don't connect them to trading view because it will slow down your trades and Sarah yes we do have the top package at trading view

[851:00] John: their digital banking service they also do help members manage their money

[853:51] Speaker 0: cuz it's got 36 million

[854:46] John: volumes coming in so really bad shard don't

[856:54] Sandi: like throw up that's a dysfunctional church

[858:15] John: but it used to be used to be 15

[859:05] Sandi: Spice crawling into 396 see nice test Tesla in the meantime is at 809 ran Spotify hit 120

[865:16] John: Tesla's just great Oh Dave is a meme stuck

[869:50] Sandi: even just it's ticker is sexy So

[873:25] John: sure, can look at Walmart had that huge drop. Here they lowered their guidance and that's what caused this this huge drop. Been trying to climb up ever since

[880:41] Sandi: I sold my Netflix and I'm gonna get in to look for an entry on Spotify for a long hold. I made a couple 1000 with Netflix and I'm one of my brokerages and we're gonna look at Spotify I think I'm going to buy Spotify. Yes, seriously I want it to dip down to like 115 113 You know, I'm not I'm not asking you to go all the way back down to 108 but I just want it to dip a little bit and it will because people will take profits as a huge earnings. There's a whole group of the market that can't handle not taking the profit and selling Did you buy a red sweater? Oh, no, no, no, you're waiting? Yes, I want to get in around 113 to 115 Okay, and I don't think that's a logical within the next 24 hours because like I said, you've got people who may have gotten in at one 113 or may have gotten in around 103 And as soon as they hit 120 You know their temptation is like ah all that all that money in there is green in their portfolio and a lot of them will sell so

[902:46] John: can you can you all recall in recent history there being another stock is beautiful as Tesla you know Tesla is just an anomaly I don't know if there's anything as great as Tesla but there have been some shining shining stars that for the long for better part of a year. It has it hasn't been amazing one was roku. I loved trading room when it was doing great

[910:47] Sandi: did Roku piss off people as much as Tesla does?

[911:47] John: No, no. But these moves like here like this.

[912:57] Sandi: Oh my god you could quadruple your portfolio with that kind of move. That's not even a year Holy smokes. Yeah. That's pandemic usage. made so much money but look at where it is right now is not a drastic drop. That is pandemic usage. Where it is now is where it was pre pandemic

[919:30] John: for a short amount of time UPS T was great.

[920:18] Sandi: Yes we used to trade that a lot last year

[923:36] John: Oh no. There was one meme stock that for a while was beyond meat

[927:18] Sandi: eater meat short amount of time what's your meat eat your meat? Right

[929:18] John: all this meat eaters were like laughing every day like over trading the vegan vegan food but yeah when this went from 45 to about 240

[933:17] Sandi: Everybody gets a duck somebody get the duck tape somewhere

[934:22] John: I change it I change it

[936:43] Sandi: oh goodness people jump today oh what in the world is a big jump now they've got all these people buying Coinbase because they know they're getting in trouble. That's one of the illogical moves of the market when a company's bankrupt or there's there's lawsuits or whatever and they're going down people try to scalp as much as they can.

[950:41] John: So an activist investor is trying to see trying to take over PayPal

[954:51] Sandi: but I will tell you Ryan and Mara are all

[956:20] John: Oh yeah, Bitcoin started moving this morning and then the crypto stocks started going. Back affiliate management called steak and PayPal

[963:04] John: They don't know whose intentions yet. But rumors are flying. And that's why Pay Pal is moving.

[965:21] Sandi: An Elan is glad he's in Tesla now.

[968:00] John: Okay, you got to get out of BWM VW VBWV

[968:57] Sandi: is a blue water vaccines?

[970:36] John: I wouldn't say it's plummeting. This thing could still move, it's still keeping its games

[975:17] Sandi: things are kind of slow. How about if we break now? It's 724 or 1024 on your end, and we will go 15 minutes.

[978:32] John: Okay. And then my short so how about I start and then that will give you like, cuz sounds personal. I want to pay attention to what you're doing. I need that.

[982:04] Sandi: I really think it's gonna be great. And it was something because I know my stuff as far as poverty mindset. i By the way, I gave you guys three hours of some of my best training I've ever done in my entire career on a poverty mindset. That was in the group I could have caught. I could have asked you to pay for it. But I didn't. It's a part of my masterclass content. Is those three hours? By the way, one of my wealth principles is I don't redo something when I did it really well. So once I've done it really, really well. I mean, I could I could sell that poverty mindset training until I'm 90, because it will be irrelevant. But what I'm about to share with you today, I had a session I see my therapist, Dr. Mikayla every week. And I you know, having a therapist with my business is like having an accountant, I will never be without one again. Ridiculous. People think healing traumas a one time thing. Oh my gosh, is that such a delusion? And I went through some of this with her. And then she had me do the quiz I'm going to do with you. And had even encouraged me how much this would help people with their money issues. It helps people with a lot of issues. I personally am going to call it a way out of your amnesia, because some of you have forgotten who you are. So some of your issues with money have come up in trading stocks, but you've forgotten who you are. So all right, I'm going to set the timer for 15 minutes see you in a bit

[1007:38] Sandi: okay. Head and Shoulders patterns. Yes. Who comes up with these names?

[1013:00] John: Not the shampoo, guys. We're going to talk about the head and shoulders pattern.

[1014:42] Sandi: I immediately was like what company's head and shoulders? No.

[1016:20] John: Oh, man, you think this is crazy that you should hear like some of the crazy I mean, you heard a dead cat bounce? Yeah, but um, so guys, I'm going to talk about head and shoulders pattern. This is probably one of the most popular patterns out there. When you think about popular patterns, like the more recognize a pattern is that actually becomes kind of like a self fulfilling prophecy. Because what happens is, when you have a large amount of people seeing the same pattern, they tend to trade according to that pattern. And then it just, it just finishes you know. And so this, this is why head and shoulders is probably one of the more reliable patterns. But as I always say, just remember that patterns aren't 100% they don't work all the time. So just, you know, we pay attention to patterns so that we can make predictions and we can make trading plans, but just don't look at it as doctrine. Don't look at it as this has to happen. Otherwise you could lose money. So

[1034:52] Sandi: and that's so important because some of you fact finders like you're obsessed with your systems and your programs and this is all I have to do to be successful. Read that part. Again, John should highlight it. Patterns don't work all the time. Don't

[1039:54] John: Like if you put, you know, putting your total belief in a pattern is like you putting total belief in Google Maps telling you where to drive. You aren't like, you won't pay attention to the car in front of you, you're just going to drive according to what Google says. And you're gonna get in an accident. That's what patterns are.

[1046:52] Sandi: I told you my funniest story with Google Maps two years ago, right?

[1047:45] John: No happen.

[1047:59] Sandi: We were in Hawaii. And we were getting to a restaurant that was right, it's right on the beach. And as we pulled in closer, it said, literally, the lady and GoogleMap said, Okay, drive straight, and then turn right and drive into the ocean. It was like what? So I backed up, because I wanted to hear it again, we left so she said it again, drive straight turn right, and then drive straight into the ocean.

[1055:05] John: Oh, my gosh, you know,

[1055:51] Sandi: patterns don't always work.

[1056:29] John: When we went to Sedona, we went up this mountain, we had like this guide, taking us and, and we came to this narrow road. And he was telling the trucker followed Google Maps, and it took him there. And his semi got caught there. They had to, they had to push it over the cliff. That was the only way to get it out. It's like, you don't follow Google Maps, guys, you don't follow.

[1064:23] Sandi: Google is not anointed, and Alexa is not a prophet.

[1066:44] Sandi: Carry on, we're going.

[1067:29] John: We're going we're not following Google Maps. We're going a different route right now. Let's bring it back. So patterns, although they don't work all the time, they do happen repeatedly. And they can show you things that are likely to happen. So things can be likely to happen. Today, we're going to talk about the head and shoulders pattern. So head and shoulders pattern. This is a reversal pattern and kind of like the double top. It shows in upward movements. Mostly, it can show in downward movements. But look here, well, my cursor doesn't show anything. So notice in the picture on the right, it's going up. And then it does the head and shoulders and then reverses. So most, you'll see this pattern, mostly when a stock is moving up. But it can go the other way it can go where it's going down and due to head and shoulders like an upside down head and shoulders. But most of the time, you're going to see this on upward movements. The pattern looks like a head with two shoulders, the head, the head is slightly higher than the shoulders, and the pattern forms a peak, followed by a higher peak, and then another lower peak. So this pattern needs time to form. I see a lot of you, students looking at the one minute timeframe. And looking for patterns on that this particular pattern needs time to form or it's not going to work right? intraday, it should have at least an hour, where it will develop correctly, and then you could get faked out. So this is not a micro setup, you want to see it develop over the day, if you're going to do a day trade, you know, the longer it takes to form the better. So if it only shows up in the one minute chart, it I would not put a lot of stock into it.

[1100:28] Sandi: No pun intended. I just had to

[1102:23] John: we together we together. So happens like if you only see on the one minute chart, you're gonna get shocked up. If you should be able to see in the five minute you should be able to see in the 15 minute. Don't you don't want much more than 50% drop from the top of that first shoulder. So when it goes up, and then it starts to peak on that first shoulder. You'll it has to drop right if it if it goes past 50% of that upward move. If it reverses more than 50% less likely for the pattern to you know to hold. So preferably you want less than 50% Although I've seen it go more than 50% Sometimes, and ideally that second shoulder starts a little lower than the the first trough. Here. Let me show you So I can use my cursor. So what I mean by that is this drop right here should ideally be less than 50%. And then the second the second shoulder should start either even, or a little lower than this trough here. So it doesn't have to be even. But it actually is better if this part is lower, because it shows the momentum is angling down. So this doesn't have to be perfect. But this being lower is actually better. Okay, so how do you trade using the head and shoulders? First thing you do is draw the neckline by connecting the lower points of the troughs like that yellow line right there doesn't have to be level, like I said, in fact, if the neckline is slanted down, it's more of a reliable signal that the momentum is moving downwards. It can slant upwards, and I've seen it work where it slants upwards. But just realize that's a signal of strength. So there, it could possibly keep going up. entry points. So there are two, there are two different entry points if you're going to use this pattern, and it depends on your skill level. And your risk tolerance, if you're conservative, what you want to do is you want to wait for the confirmation of the breaking of the neckline, I put an arrow there, the breaking of that neckline. If you're inexperienced, this is where you should put your entry until you get more skill, you're going to need skill to do the next the next entry. But put your stop loss at 50% from the neckline. So I'll stop sharing here. So I could point to it. Like about here is where I would put my stop loss. You could put it up here. But I definitely you don't have to wait for the heads. I know some people, they put their stop loss up here. But I don't think you need that here or here.

[1159:23] John: Now, the next entry point, if you're riskier, then you can enter at the top of the second shoulder. This gives you a much better position if the pattern works. Because you'll make money on the way down. This only works if you are skilled enough to recognize the pattern correctly. And if you watch these over and over again, you will get good enough. And if you practice, you'll be able to enter it the top of that right shoulder. So but what I would do is I would take partial profits at the neckline. So as it goes down once it breaks that neckline take profits take partial profits, you can even add to the position after the breakout. So once it breaks out past that neckline, if you want to go ahead and add more you could do there. Again, the stop loss is 50% from the from the from the neckline up. Setting a price target measure from the head to the neckline this and then that distance below the neckline should be the target. A lot of times it will the how far it moved above the tech. The neckline will dictate how low it will go past the neckline.

[1180:42] Sandi: And all of this movement is above the web. Correct? Um,

[1182:17] John: it doesn't know it doesn't have to be because this just like this actually, this pattern is showing that it's getting exhausted.

[1184:24] Sandi: Yeah, that's the funniest term for stocks. By the way, every time you say it. I'm like, What would you like the stock is getting exhausted. And I'm like,

[1186:30] John: Oh, yeah. Like, it's weird how I look, when I look at volume. I looked at energy, you know, and so

[1188:41] Sandi: no, that's what was happening with graphics yesterday. It was tired. Yeah.

[1189:55] John: So but it once it goes past that neckline, I would take profits along the way. I've talked about this repeatedly guys, don't just wait for your target. take profits along the way. It will make you a more consistent trader. Consistent profit profitable trader anyways. And now the move can actually go past your target. I've seen it where it goes past the target, but I would take another partial profit at that target. So if you want to write it down, if it goes past it, feel free to do that. But you should be taking profits at that section as well. Here's some examples. So this was the spy. And notice the shoulder, the neckline, made the head, and then the shoulder and then the reverse. And as you could see, this went a lot further than what you would probably what you would imagine the target to be. This went down a lot further than that. But it was signaling that there was going to be a reverse Bitcoin, head and shoulders right there. Since that shoulder

[1212:45] Sandi: is disjointed on the right, yeah.

[1214:05] John: This one needs a chiropractor for sure

[1214:39] Sandi: does the massage.

[1215:41] John: And notice how the shoulder is, is lower on the right, that's okay. You know, it doesn't have to be perfect. It's just a pattern. Now, this one here didn't go as down as far as but the move isn't over this is this is a current daily chart. So this according to the chart, this is gonna go down a little lower. Now, the upside down head and shoulders, it's called the in you'll hear called the inverse Head and Shoulders basically just an upside down and what we what we looked at. Now, this doesn't happen often, you'll be more likely to see double bottoms. If you're playing looking for reversals. From a downward move, double bottoms is what you're probably going to see the most of, but just keep an eye on this because it does happen. And here you got you got the downtrend, it's going down, it's starting to get get exhausted, you got the shoulder, it'll formed, it will touch that neckline, they'll go down lower to make that head, go up, touch the neckline, go down to the shoulder and then reverse and you wait for it to break the neckline. And basically, the pattern is that forms the valley, then it's followed by another Lower Valley. And then when that's over another high higher Valerie Valley is, is formed. When these forms, they're after extended downward moods. So when you see a downward move happening for a good amount of time, look for this pattern. You don't want too much more than 50% bounce at the bottom of that first shoulder. So it hits the bottom of that, that first shoulder, you don't want it to go up more than 50% It can. But you ideally you don't want it to head the head should be lower than the shoulders. The neckline doesn't have to be level just like the regular head and shoulders. This doesn't have to be level but a slanting up is actually a good sign because it's showing that the momentum is is pushing up. It's a good sign that pattern will work. If you enter near the bottom of the second shoulder, make sure to take some profits at the neckline. So that second shoulder just like the regular head and shoulders if you if you enter at that bottom where the circle is, make sure you're taking profits at the neckline to keep yourself safe. And then set the target according to the distance between from the head to the neckline. And that's it. That's your head and shoulders. Pretty simple. This is a really simple pattern. It's a popular pattern. So because of that they work

[1265:28] Sandi: most of the time I liked the thing you said that was so important to him bears repeating not to be looking for this pattern on one minute, three minute five minutes. Look for this pattern on a longer timeframe otherwise it could be a massive fakeout so if you were to told me 28 years ago that I would be teaching this today I wouldn't have believed you I really wouldn't have believed you. I think what I'll do John is change you back to attendee just for now. So why teach this section? Okay

[1279:20] Sandi: because, you know I Broke all of the typical Christian teachings on how to be wealthy. I didn't prophesy wealth over myself. I didn't declare and decree that I was going to become a multimillionaire and be on the financial kingdom. Even with multitude of prophetic verses about stewarding billions of dollars, I, really my core beliefs were not at all. Until the last, I would say probably the last two years, fully in alignment with what God had given me. Yet, I obviously made a significant amount of money. And it wasn't until recently that I realized because I used to always have a belief that even in my trauma, even in a lot of the different things that I went through, it must have been my faith or my resilience and determination why it made so much money. I even discovered last night when I took this little quiz with Dr. Mikayla that I'm going to do with you why I became a multimillionaire. I think one of the hardest things for me is to point out to people what they're actually doing wrong, and regarding money, and I think it's hard for me because I have a high level of empathy, from where for where people are at. And I also have an understanding that as I'm trying to shine the light on something, a lot of people won't get it, they, they, they will not be in a state of even being able to comprehend it. But I find a lot of hope in the fact that some of the things I was even taught 20 years ago, are still in my neural pathways. And I'm now downloading like, it's, it's fascinating to me how the neural pathways will not only hang on to wrong beliefs, wrong information. But you know, your brain doesn't like change. So as soon as it fixates or attaches itself to something, or sees something new, it actually stores it on a shelf. So when I say it's not about investments, it's not about technical analysis, it's not about finding the best stoploss or finding the brace entry price. That doesn't mean we dismiss the fact that you need to do technical analysis, you need to understand long term investments is different than trading, you need to understand how a stop loss works. We talked a lot about a stop loss today, a stop loss is not something you're doing.

[1323:44] John: So you can just forget about it.

[1324:27] Sandi: And some of you had a belief that the reason I set a stop loss is because so I don't have to sit at my computer all day, that's going to change your core belief about trading now forever, when you realized a stoploss is not that a stop loss is to prevent you from losing when you can't execute the trade and sell and get out quick enough. So the three different things that I laid out in the training for you that was in the group is a poverty mindset, a spirit of poverty, and a curse of poverty. Now, it is my belief that a curse of poverty is a sowing and reaping result. It's actually a curse of poverty can happen as a means of judgment executed against the sin that took place the cause that poverty curse to happen. But we can take great hope in the reality that not only does Jesus reverse the curse, he gives us the remedy to reverse curses. And the number one way to reverse the curse that many people don't realize you can scream at the devil all day long, and he's not impressed. But the way that you reverse the curse is to change the belief. Because when you change the belief, the fruit changes, and then things all start going away. But as I laid out in that training, the majority of people like I would be willing to bet only 5% or 2% of any of you are even dealing with a curse. US spirit of poverty is something that is feeding belief systems and we are in partnership with it. This can happen in churches, this can happen in homes. This can happen in your upbringing, this can happen where you live, this can happen in certain cultures, certain nationalities, certain groups of people and where they are. Geographically, you can have a spirit of poverty that distorts truth. And it's feeding the system that it's partnering with. Now, a poverty mindset is a mindset. That whole perspective, worldview view and personal view, is in partnership with this poverty spirit, and is now a fixed mindset. A lot of people have a poverty mindset. Since the pandemic,

[1369:38] Speaker 1: a lot of people

[1370:16] Sandi: don't even realize how influenced they were, by a spirit of poverty. So as we address these core beliefs, we have to understand that in order to change anything in your life, you must address the belief, you can go through the motions, you can have some fruit, but you will not establish the roots of sustainability. This is why people can make a lot of money and then lose it, make a lot of money and lose it, make a lot of money and destroy it, make a lot of money and destroy it make a lot of money. And they will tell you, it's not worth all the effort. Or they'll make statements, I can't do this anymore. That was something I said, because a lot of the wealth I was creating was created not only in survival, but I was giving it away in survival, and putting it into things that were was reinforcing a core belief of survival. So one of the things that I want you to do today is we're going to look at your life experience and what you've gone through, I want you to have a piece of paper in front of you. And just draw a line down the center. And on one side, you're going to put what you've been through. Now we are going to add some achievements at the bottom, but it's not necessarily going to be based on achievements. And then the other side, leave a blank. Something that would be super, super helpful is if I had somebody who's in the audience who wanted to come on live with me, and take this test with me. And then we will do the opposite side of the chart I can share with you. If there's time at the end, what showed up on my chart, but I don't want to lead with that. So if there's anybody who's brave enough, raise your hand, and I would love to bring you up. And have you be my example where we're going to assess some of the things you've been through if there's somebody who would be so kind of a man or a woman. And it would be really cool. If we brought up a man and a woman, that'd be great. Who wouldn't be humble enough to admit, I have a poverty mindset. Or I think I am, like, completely dominated by a spirit of poverty. And I really want to be set free. I don't want to bring anybody up who just wants information. I really want somebody who's willing to do the work, who's not going to filter themselves who's not going to put up a front who's going to be vulnerable. Whatever, I need a man I've got a lot of ladies willing to, to do it. But I know that some of you men have already stated, you know, you have a poverty mindset. So okay, Stefan, I'm going to bring you up. Thank you so much. And I'm going to bring up somebody, Jane. So I'm going to bring both of you up. So what we're going to do on the left hand side of our sheets, and I would love to see your faces, this will be super helpful. A lot of times when people are changing their financial, they want to change where they are financially. They want to not only bless their grandchildren and their great great grandchildren, but they really want to walk in what God has given them and change their financial history. It's very customary to say you know, I'm just starting to figure out who I am. This is what happened to me in the last couple years because I had built my whole life and survival I had done everything I did not only for my children, but for others the majority of my business decisions in that were made for the benefit of other people, even when I did on vacations for crying out loud, was to make sure everyone else had a great experience. I'm so excited to go for 11 days by myself to Maui here this December and do whatever the frick I want. That means if I just want to do nothing for 11 days, I can happily do nothing. But I'm I've coming out of a season of figuring out who I am. And this is one of the greatest tools that has ever helped me because when we start examining our belief systems, the evidence doesn't lie.

[1442:12] Sandi: Our emotions will. But the evidence doesn't lie. And when you're figuring out who you are, the evidence doesn't lie, no matter how you feel. So let's start writing on the left hand side, what you've been through. So for example, I'm not going to read you everything, I may at the end. But some of the things that I had on the left hand side was that I dealt with terminal illness. That I got married, I had three children, I had four miscarriages, I experienced a gang rate, I now to experience my brother's death, but my best friend's death, one of my boyfriend's death, and my dad's death. These are things that I have lived through, accomplishments can go towards the bottom. You know, I put I made my first million at 24. I mean, I started my first business at 30, made my 24 made my first million at 30 made my first eight figures by the time I was 40. By the way, I never put that concretely down on paper, except for the last two years. I was so in survival, I didn't even realize what I did. And some of you are the same way. Because you're, you're in a loop of trying to get ahead and you lift your head up one day and 15 years went by. So write down some of the things that you've been through. Some of these can be very uncomfortable. And some of these can be life opening. Life happening, like some of you know my history with my mom, I had to put down number one, I survived my mom. That was a huge one. If that was the only thing on my left hand column. Every single thing on my right hand column is a part of that. I also danced in front of 20,000 people at Cobo Hall in Detroit when I was six. Isn't that intriguing? The little girl who lived through what I lived through. So I want you to write down some of these things on the left hand side and Jayne share with me one of yours. And you're muted. So tap the spacebar. That'll unmute you think it does otherwise the lower left hand corner. Hi. So what are some of the things you've lived through?

[1479:53] Speaker 2: I was raped, I was abused by a dentist from the time I was six until 10. Okay, I was in. I was married to an alcoholic for almost a quarter of a century.

[1482:56] Sandi: Okay. And I you know what, you are doing such a good job with us. I want to say this, keep it very concise. And we're keeping it like data. That way, we're not triggering herself or everybody else in the audience. It's one of the things people give away too much detail. You know, all of these things can keep going.

[1487:46] Speaker 2: I became a mother when I was 42 twin daughters. I experienced infertility for six years. My garage was torched. Okay, I lost a job in a major company. Okay, I lost two positions in orchestras.

[1492:58] Sandi: Okay, now I want you to give me three accomplishments.

[1494:16] Speaker 2: I have two amazingly beautiful, successful daughters. Okay. I have toured in Brazil I survived an alcoholic marriage. Okay. And where do you live? Minnesota? Okay.

[1500:40] Sandi: The reason I asked her because she said she toured Brazil, that wouldn't have been so significant if she lived there. No, I mean, I totally was significant and quite an accomplishment. But the fact that it's another country is is something I want you to pay attention to. This is great. Thank you for your vulnerability in your honesty. Is it Stefan or Stephen? Even? Hi, Steven. Okay, some of the things. Thank you so much for being up here with us.

[1507:49] Speaker 3: Right, no credit, Tisha, thank you for having me. All right. So I would say that I've basically lived through a continuous bad move, bad mood dad. He was always grumpy or is in a bad mood. And my mom had this fear of or like scared of him. And all your dad's coming home is in a bad mood, be quiet, behave, clean up all of these things. Okay. The money was never enough. So they were always worried about, you know, how expensive everything was and how much it all costs. My sister sort of overheard that. My dad expected that I'm never going to accomplish anything, never achieve anything, never become anything. Okay. And basically when I'd matriculated, he told me go get it. job and it's like well said what job he says well a job become a like a ShopRite supermarket Packer you know so no expectation no vision and things say oh and sort of always just lived in with with this barely getting bar never abandons ever enough kind of

[1526:24] Sandi: thing and give me three accomplishments.

[1527:29] Speaker 3: Alright so I became very good at rowing, Oxford Cambridge style rowing and achieved South African Yeah, okay, well, good. So I became a champion champion in that I'm a worship guitarist or played in front of a couple of 1000 people, which was quite a quite an experience. And yeah, I've got a lovely wife that I never thought she'd I could aspire to, and a beautiful child and seeing them grow, sort of grown developing, that you can actually have a happy family together.

[1536:39] Sandi: Do you guys see something, I want all of you to pay attention. Many times when we're around entrepreneurs, investors, brokers, etc. Traders, people who talk about success, and that it's very easy to hear the accomplishments and be inspired. But when you hear someone's history with the accomplishment, you meet who they are. I shared with you some of mine. I mean, I didn't share with you that it's multiple things I didn't share with you. And you've heard some of my accomplishments. You didn't hear that one of the greatest things I lived through and made a decision for was hiring a therapist. Because the very fact that I could go through all those things, and fire the wrong therapist and hire a good one is attributed to who I am. The very fact that you, Jane, and you, Stephen, went through the things you went through, and then accomplish the things you did, or because of who you are. And the thing that I want all of you to write down who you are never changes. Sir circumstances changed. Trials change, economies change. Sometimes marriages change. Sometimes neighborhoods change but who you are, doesn't change. And sometimes, especially when we live through a global traumatic event, like the past couple years, we can feel as if we have changed. This can be our neural pathways seeking or our younger parts to protect us from something that's not happening because we're still in memory. So what we're going to do right now is help Jane and Steven remember who they are. And something I want you to write down. As we go since you guys wrote what you've lived through, I want you to write down these characteristics of yourself. So Jane, what kind of woman are you to survive and live beyond a rape? Would you say you're brave?

[1576:20] Speaker 2: I'm powerful, brave, courageous.

[1577:11] Sandi: Okay, let's write these down. Powerful, brave, courageous, in order to get away from a rapist? Do you think you have to be one step ahead of them? Yes. So this would be intelligence, would it not? Yes. Okay. So we're gonna write down intelligence as well. You not only experienced abuse from a dentist for many years, but the significant one you were married to an alcoholic? Do you see were characteristics of who you are in surviving the one thing actually is also why you survived being married to an alcoholic? Is there anything else that you would have to do in being married to an alcoholic, determined,

[1589:16] Speaker 2: determined and resilient

[1589:42] Sandi: resilience? Yes. How about we already put powerful we could also put strong because these are two different things.

[1593:22] Speaker 2: I think stubborn.

[1593:56] Sandi: Okay. Stubborn is actually a good thing because as well, it led you to be hopeful because a lot of people can go through a rape and then they go sink into depression and they never do anything else. People can live with an alcoholic and killed themselves. These are facts of the matter. I'm not going to filter this for you guys. We're all adults. I don't if you're 18 or you're younger than 18 You're on here. These are two RWTH people who live through what I went through either in jail, heroin addicts, or they killed themselves. These are truths we must face to find out who we are. So the very fact that you are not a heroin addict, okay? You are not in prison, and you did not kill yourself means that you have characteristics that most people don't. And that is something you need to embrace about yourself. And you have not only resilience, but you also had to know your worth didn't use. That's why you never gave up. And sometimes we can feel like we don't know our worth. But the I'm sorry. The evidence about Jane is not lying to me, despite the fact that her feelings may. Sometimes her feelings might lie. Sometimes how she's feeling this month or during the last two years of pandemic may lie. But the fact of the matter tells me that this woman knows her worth and she is stubborn as hell and strong, and powerful. And resilience and lift are things that people would have checked out on. And she continues. So somebody lived through all of that, and then had twins, and had twins when many women say I'm done having babies. What kind of woman is this? This is a woman who is could you say confident? How about defiant, there's actually a good characteristic of being defiant. She not only defied the odds, she's defiant against like, she could have been a woman who was like, I'm 40, I'm sorry, can't have these babies. Or she could have just completely checked out. I had to. That's enough. She could have completely checked out. But she not only had two babies after 40 while being married to an alcoholic, I'm assuming these two girls were successful as well. I put down confidence as well.

[1631:52] Speaker 2: I think something else that played in my relationship with God is

[1633:20] Sandi: yes, your faith. So sphere of faith. And you were also hopeful. These are two strong characteristics of myself as well. And what's interesting is somebody who has a lot of faith is faithful. This is why How long were you married

[1638:48] Speaker 2: 25 years until he died.

[1639:43] Sandi: So we can actually put them on here, she's also committed. So Jane, I highly recommend you write out this characteristic of who you are, and laminate it and look at it every morning and every day for the next 30 days. And remind yourself that, that you are these. And here's the major major revolutionary statement. Whenever you do not feel like you are these it is because you are in memory, you are not present. That is the only reason. Because the evidence does not lie. And there's 206 people here, who will be happy to remind you that the evidence didn't lie. You may be having a bad day, you could be having a bad year, you could be having a bad month, you could be having a rough patch. But that didn't change who you are. It doesn't have the power to change who you are. And typically when we go through difficulties, we have to pull ourselves out a memory, my friends, not the difficulty. Because what pulls you out of the difficulty is you remember who you are.

[1659:36] Speaker 2: When I was growing up, my father used to drive me crazy because he said something that has become a touchstone for me ever since. And that was remember who you are. Yes. hear you say that? Yes. Oh,

[1663:47] Sandi: well, there's something about five years ago, you know, I was really asking God, what is my mantle? Like, I know you've put me in business and this that and the other thing but I know you didn't you I'm not an evangelist. Although I've led 1000s of people to Christ. I'm not a pastor, although I can be given to pastoring. And I will never forget, when the thought came to me, you pull people out of there, Misha. I help people get over their amnesia. Because you see the circumstances were in the difficulties we're in when I was very, very sick and given life threatening illness. Even during the last month when I was very sick. I had to remind myself who I am, despite the fact that my body felt completely physically weak. Because that doesn't change at all. Isn't that incredible? Now, Stephen, what kind of man and if, if you will allow me to take the liberty Rather than calling your dad a man who was always in a bad mood, may I call him an abusive father. Because a child can experience the moods of a parent and understand real life, but a child who fears the moods of a parent, and the moods are even told as a predictor of a coming storm, by the equal parent, that is a sign of abuse, not bad moods or emotions, you get what I'm saying. Because a lot of times we can accommodate we love people, when they have a bad mood, oh, I actually, you know, I was far more moody in my younger age than I am now. Because it just doesn't serve me. And I realized, really, drama doesn't do anything for me. But abuse. That's what we need to call it. So a man who not only survived an abusive father, but also the foretelling of a mother of making sure we're taking care of everything, you'd have to be pretty courageous, would you not? Yeah, because you could have even as a child sunk into massive depression and checked out, you'd have to actually be, you'd actually have to be pretty intuitive. Because whether or not you realize that your mother was teaching you to be intuitive, to protect yourself, you're what's interesting, as many times when there's an abusive parent and the other parents trying to, it's almost like such a codependent situation, you can have children who come out of that very powerful, because the very thing that was protecting you from life threatening danger by this abusive parent, is the very thing that gave you resilience in your later life. So I would have to call you resilient as well. And like we said, with Jain intelligent, many of us had to be smarter even than our abusive parents. And that intelligence is often especially when we're dealing with money, a hard thing for us to admit that we are, you're very intelligent, to be able to survive that, to be able to go from lack of money, feeling like there's never going to be enough. And why even bother pursuing your dreams, to being a man who's in an investment course. Talk about bravery. And talk about faithfulness. A willingness to look beyond what you know, to that which you want is not only faithful, but it's hopeful. The ability to not only have a wife and a child, and create a new kind of family also shows a determination that may have never been at all in the DNA of your abusive parents. But it is very much in the fiber of who you are as a man. The very fact that you went from no vision and no expectation to being a worship guitarist shows something that many of you might not understand. It's a curiosity of something that may be beyond us. It's also a humility.

[1736:19] Sandi: And it's also like Jane, Stephen understands his worth. Whether he only began to understand that in Christ, the evidence is showing. He understands his worth. Because it's impossible to worship God without a two way thing happening. First, we understand God's worth. But that comes back which brings out praise. If it doesn't, you have nothing more than worm theology, which makes you want to die and go to Hell and tell God you're sorry. But when you realize who you are, and who he made you to be despite what you live through, that is an understanding of worth. It's actually a very holy defiant act as well. To not be the script of what you were told. But to be who God made you to be. You wrote, What did I write down here? A rowing champion. Okay, now this is very interesting, because this is a determination that I will identify since you were a little boy because you could have given up the first time you were sore. You could have given up the first time you had horrible Warman, somebody had to teach you not to, you could have given up when you were just as good as everybody else, but you became a champion. Yeah. That's a determination. So you see the man that I'm looking at right now, despite what the evidence says about what happened to him, actually is courageous because he lived through it. And he didn't die. He's sitting with us today, he doesn't look as though he's completely inebriated, drunk and out of his mind addicted to drugs. He doesn't look to me like he's broadcasting to us on an inner jail cell. And he doesn't look like someone who's checked out because people who check out don't show up in this group, they stay here for a week or two and then leave. So the courageousness is who he is. The intuitiveness, which I'm not surprised you're a worship leader. The very thing that the enemy tried to use against you now has become who you are, you are resilient, you are intuitive, you are intelligent. You are a man who's brave and faithful, I would even say a warrior, who has a defiant and determined faith, to not only become who God made him to be, but to declare and to make happen. The family that should be breaking what you were taught, not only curious of what is beyond you, but faithful and hopeful to the vision that you've been given, despite the fact that you are groomed with no expectation, and no vision. Curious and humble and understanding your worth. So anytime, make sure you write these down, Stephen, make sure you're even typed them up, I'm going to type mine up and laminate them. Because the more that I looked at who I actually am, the evidence proves that to be true. Because when you look at who you are, that is the fruit you are bearing today, despite what happens when you don't do the stop loss correctly, despite what happens when you missed what the scanner was saying. Despite what happens when you didn't speculate properly and predict where that stock may go. That didn't make you any less courageous, that didn't make you any less resilient, despite what you may be feeling. And some of you trading stocks and trying to make more money is bringing up your memories. And you didn't know how to get out of the memory. Because it's not only all that you've known. But you begin to believe a lie. That that's actually who you are. No, actually, no, as soon as you start dealing with money or anything bigger than you've ever done before, you're actually going to start picking up the data in your memory. But here's the thing I want you to guys to take away from this. Despite the fact that this data may be in your memory in my memory. Here's my list. I survived my mother and I danced at Cobo Hall at the same time. In front of 20,000 people, the little girl was being violated for four years by a psychopath dance in front of 20,000 people I sang solo by the time I was six. I survived the abuse of my siblings, horrific terminal illness, a gang rape, I got married to a narcissist had three kids had an abortion after a gang rape had three miscarriages, survived multiple deaths. The list goes on and on and on.

[1816:48] Sandi: But the evidence is who I became because of that, in spite of that, not how I feel. Not how I feel. This is why even as a single woman dating in my 50s I'm paying attention to who pulls up my memory. And who reminds me who I am. I don't want to marry somebody who has to remind me who I am every day. I don't want to marry someone I have to remind who they are every day. But if you're around the right people, you will be more of who you are supposed to be. Some of you that's what this group became. That's what this group became to you. You began remembering who you are. Sometimes we can have a rough patch of downtime. But that doesn't change my creativity, my resilience, my intelligence. In order to survive my mother, I actually even had to have the ability to influence there was my gift of influence growing. While the enemy was trying to rewrite my story and destroy me as a little girl. I my gift of influence rose up because I could influence my mother away from killing me, despite the fact that she was abusing me, even as a little girl. It wasn't until I had the courage to go to a therapist that someone would remind me of that. Because it's easy to be in memory and sink. But isn't it something do you do feel that energy even in your own body even around your own surroundings? When you You look at the list of who you are, Jane, who you are, Stephen, when I look at the list of who I am, that kind of gives new light to that verse in the Psalms and said, David stirred up the gift that was in him. Remember how the Bible says take every thought captive. The next time you guys are struggling with fear and greed and all the emotions that come up with trading, look at your list and remember who you are. This list is not conditional on how you feel. It's not conditional, even on your belief system that day, it's conditional on the fact that the evidence proves it to be so it proves it to be so champions don't always win. But they come out winning despite their loss, a champion will lose a loss as a part of the fabric of their winning. Some people actually can't win until they have a huge loss. Some people can't even learn the best lessons they need to till there's a huge loss, which is why every time I hear somebody say I'm quitting my investing, I'm quitting my business. I'm letting it go, I can't do this anymore. Sometimes it's the pressure of a spouse or it's trauma or whatever it is. I'm not faulting them. But every time I hear that, I think that there's equally three more people in this group, that that would have been the breakthrough to six figures for them. When you read the discipline, traitor, he wasn't bankrupt once it was twice. This is why I take every word, he says, As a rich nugget. I don't want to learn from the person who's constantly winning, I want to learn from the person who handled their losses, and made them the equation of winning. This is why we can't get our belief system get so caught up some of you your trauma. And this is how I was I ended up developing because of the damage to my brain, some OCD tendencies. The older I get, they're not as strong anymore. But I have developed some OCD, obsessive compulsive tendencies, because they were the things that I always had to do to keep myself safe. And I remember in my business, it's interesting, because I only typically do 5% of what most people do, it's paid me an enormous amount of money, certainly, it's come out in my favor. But some of that has to do with my childhood. And a need to only do the same things all the time. Now what I do is, if I'm going to change something, I don't get rid of what I already know. Some of you are constantly grasping for something new, thinking that it is the winning, you know, Willy Wonka Chocolate Bar or the gold bar, that's going to finally open up the whole kingdom to you, when actually you should be maintaining what you're doing that still working, and let the chocolate the gold chocolate bar be the 1% thing that might move you a little bit ahead. I'm gonna let both of you down and continue here in just a minute. But thank you so much for being vulnerable and being willing to be on here. There's a lot of people here

[1892:48] Sandi: who are saying thank you who are saying, you know, oh my gosh, this is life. You know, transforming something I want an exercise I want to give all of you to do, that I have given to my business owners is this over the course of the next week. I want you to get a piece of paper out in front of you. And I want you every day. I want this to be like a good old fashioned checking account. Okay. So every day, I want you to deposit $2,000 into your checking account. Okay, so today we deposited $2,000. What are we going to do with it? Well, for me, there's $200 I'm going to give away. There's my tie five, I'm going to take $200 and put it into my investments. There's my 10% For me, I'm going to take $200 and it's going to be a fun money, or maybe vacation. So now I've taken 30% And I'm going to leave the other 70 there. Guess what? Now I've got 1300 I've got 246 $1,400 Is my balance and that's only day one. Some of you do not have never experienced handling a lot of money. So I want you to get your brain ready. Guess what happens the next day when you wake up? Oh $2,000 again. So now you have 3400 Many of you are going to do the exact same thing three days in a row. Some of you are going to say yeah, I'm going to pay off that credit card the credit cards $1,800 I'm going to pay off that credit card, subtract that get your new balance, guess what happens the next day, you wake up $2,000. Again some of you are going to do a benevolent act that you've always wanted to do. Some of you have never let me add something up real quick. Doing this exercise at $5,000. Many times freaks people out because it puts them at $150,000. But $2,000 doesn't always freak people out because it goes to about 60,000. The issue is, it's in a month, in a month, some of you can't even comprehend making a million dollars a month, you cannot comprehend $100,000 in a month, let alone a year, you have to start doing something to write it out. And never again, say what you would do with money, write it out and show what you're going to do with it. Some of you, no matter how big this ledger gets, you'll never increase your standard of living, which is wrong. Some of you say yeah, but I don't need a bigger house. I don't mind what we're doing. I understand that. But capacities capacity, my friends. And some of you have to start spending more to earn more. And I know those are fighting words to some of you, who are very frugal. I guarantee you there's probably 10, six figure earners here who've never gone to a million, because they will not allow themselves to experience nice things you've never bought first class on a plane. You've never been to a restaurant that was $100 a plate. And God forbid you should ever get a suite and a five star hotel because that is a waste of money. Some of you are mad at me right now. Your heart's racing, you're thinking of chapter and verse.

[1952:42] Sandi: But what if you were making $60,000 a month? For the next four years? What if God wants you to sit in first class because there's somebody in first class who needs Keeling. And you're the only one on the dang plane. But because you got such a miserly mindset, you're still sitting in row 31. Praising God being thankful. I'm glad I'm grateful. Yes, I'm, I'm make a million a year. But I'm grateful raisin, talking about all your Bible verses. And there's somebody in first class that God wondered if you would pay $2,800 for that seat, so that you could sit next to them for three hours. Because they're about to have a head on collision with heaven. And you sitting in row 31 Missing your assignment thinking you're wise, or I just hit some of you. Some of you were supposed to rent a house and that gated community, you keep feeling it the churning in your spirit, you can't figure out why you're thinking yourself, okay, this is completely freaky. This is where we were this is how much we have. We paid off all of that. If we go, we go sit, and that gated community house, on a two year lease, we're actually going to be almost like halfway where we were Why would we do that? What if in that gated community is a man like Elon Musk? Who needs you? What if there's a single mom in that gated community who's rich as hell, and has never once trusted anybody? And God who has been trying, moving on you, moving on you, you keep telling the devil to shut the hell up and go back to hell. Every time God's trying to get you to look at these multimillion dollar homes you could rent in on Trulia. And you're over there going. I couldn't do that. I mean, that would be just a waste. I mean, this isn't God. That is this. Why would I do that? I'm not saying I've always done some things are easier for me than others. For example, some of this has reason some of it does not when I was very very sick, the majority of my career my passport is a virgin. My passport has never been stamped. And I feel a strong pole to go to Europe I don't have to figure it all out. I know that I could definitely go there solo but for my first trip I won't. And I'm currently planning a trip to Greece and Italy

[1995:26] Speaker 2: with two people who will be going with me

[1996:16] Sandi: now let's say you do all of this and nothing supernatural happens you don't meet anybody. There's nobody on the planet wants to talk to you. You don't meet anybody in the resort you're in you have a great time. You're refreshing or whatever. But some of you You would still be checking your checking account every single day feeling like you're a naughty child, to have given yourself a $75,000 vacation. When you have a quarter of a million dollars in your portfolio, you're now making $150,000 a year, you have very, very little debt, it's easy to manage. And you feel this thing. What if $75,000 was the fee of faith that God was requiring of you, so that he could release to you a multimillion dollar income stream? These are the this is the way I think some of the things you have to remember as well, is that the economy works on energy, right? So if we're trying to grow our portfolio, and we're trying to grow our life, one of the lessons God had to teach me is, I need you to start spending Sandy, I want you to go put money into that small business, I want you to send some of the money you've made, sanctified, justified to set apart for me, and put it into the marketplace. Some Christians could never reconcile that. But I knew that God's assignment on my life was in the financial kingdom. And so I obeyed it. And every time I've done that, it's wild, what comes back to me carry the $2,000 a day should go for 30 days. Of course, it's a hypothetical exercise, unless, of course, you're making $2,000 a day, some of you do not have the capacity to see what you would do with 2000 hours a day. And if the first thing you're doing is taking 15% off for taxes, you don't know how to find write offs. You should be looking at Texas, yes. But you should not be taking it straight off the top, you're not an employee, you need as many write offs as possible. Employees need as many write offs as possible to but that was for free. So one of the things we have to remember I said this statement when we first started, and I'm gonna bring John back up, because I'm just just wondering some of the, maybe he got in his life. Maybe a couple of things came up for John, I love how humble John is. I bet if John, you know, when you look at the story of what John's been through humility is one of the characteristics that was developed in his life because of it. Remember that I said, our core beliefs about money can always be traced back to information we received in our past. That means it's in our memory. But the things that we've lived through, show the kind of person we are. And let's say, you guys, we live through some of these things. And you did check out. Let's say you did become a drug addict. Let's say you did go to prison for 10 years. Okay? And who are you today? It's no different. The very fact that you're not still in prison, the very fact that you're not still a drug addict. The very fact that you've been sober for 23 years, shows who you are. And you could have developed a core belief in your desperation, in your oppression in your sin. And that core belief needs to be challenged. It needs to be challenged. Sharon, I'm so proud of you recovering addict for 36 years. What kind of person is Sharon? If she's a recovering addict? For 36 years? Let's say somebody was a recovering addict for 28 years in the last pandemic, they fell. Does that mean that's not who they are? That pulled them out for 28 years? No, not at all. Who they are does not change.

[2066:22] Speaker 2: It means they fell.

[2067:05] Sandi: The very fact that they get back up proves who they are. Doesn't say when they get back up. What kind of person has to be sober that long? Someone who's determined someone who's courageous, someone who's defiant against their own impulses and feelings. Someone who's smart, someone who's vulnerable, humble. Remember, our core beliefs about money are coming from information we received in our past, whether it's information that we were taught or information that just went into our brain and we concluded as a child because of what happens to you some of you give too much credit for what you establish as a belief when you were a child. You know, if I sat down with Luca and asked him for some consulting and how to do my stock trades, I might have a better understanding of the core beliefs that people carry into adulthood and don't challenge Luca would be giving the perspective from a six year old. Sometimes your six year old is going to give you more wisdom than that millionaire. But you understand what I'm saying some of you judge yourself, because of a core belief that you took when you were 10. And now you're 51. or Now you're 38. It's not about just investments or technical analysis, or finding the best stock, or the perfect settings and your scanner or the right version of trading view, or even setting a perfect stop loss. Do all of those matter. But it's the same kind of thing. Why do people habitually gain and lose gain or lose gain or lose gain or lose weight because of the core beliefs, when we address our core beliefs about who we are, by the way, it's impossible to have a core belief about money without it affecting who you are. Can't do it. And we want to rewrite it. To be who we truly are, some of you are like you got broke, you broke out of your amnesia. You broke out of your amnesia have your homeschool kids do this, rather than the $2,000 exercise I used to do with my children depositing $100 A day into their account. That's a lot of money for for a high school deposit $500 a day. And I will tell you some of my son's are so much better than I was. They're all better than I was their age with debt. But they're also they've they've worked through some of their limiting beliefs because they saw not only wealth, but they also saw my ex husband was very poverty minded. Oh my god had no problem spending anybody else's money but was very poverty minded. And so they had a dual system going on when they were growing up. And watching them embrace their and challenge their own core beliefs is so exhilarating as a mom. And I remember, I may not have prophesied over myself, but I sure as heck did prophesy over my children since the moment they were born, while I was nursing them every night before they went to bed. Did you get any breakthrough?

[2120:47] John: Yeah. And I'm going to do more of it. Because I was trying to listen at the same time. But yeah, yeah. It's weird. Because you know, when, when, when you're abused you It's uncomfortable to say anything good about yourself, you know, at least for me, it's been uncomfortable. But like I was writing down, man, I am courageous, you know, to come up from where, you know, I've been through. But one thing I noticed as I was thinking on this, is that and something I never really paid attention to. I go towards what I'm fearful of. And I just noticed that, like, if something scares me, I actually like I've said yesterday, I will actually fight like, I don't run. And, but also, in just in life, I tend to go towards what freaks me out, because it's a challenge.

[2137:13] Sandi: No, I understand. Well, you have evidence that has proved you're strong enough for it, despite what you may be feeling at that moment. Right? You actually have evidence even as a kid. Yes. So not quit?

[2140:25] John: Yeah, I mean, the amount of rejection I got just, you know, just for being Asian, you know, like, um,

[2141:45] Sandi: well, I was gonna address that to me, I addressed that prophetically. Yeah, please. So in the ageing Asian culture, and again, I don't consider myself an expert in what certain color cultures deal with, other than I've had millions of people come through our systems. And I've been so honored, and blessed on how people will share with me. And one of the things that we know about an Asian culture is it is not appropriate to talk about all the great things you do. But it is appropriate to talk about how smart you are, right? Intelligence is the idol. Right? And the more money you make, the more you have to hide it from everyone. Don't ever let anyone know what you make, and you don't do. So, do you see what I'm saying? Isn't that interesting? At all different people groups have a certain level of oppression regarding money and identity that it's super important to remember. So sometimes you're not only breaking out of some of the things you learn But you're also breaking out of a generational belief system. Yeah, that was coded into your DNA before you even took your first breath in your mom's womb.

[2163:52] John: Isn't that something like generational, just like

[2164:40] Sandi: as a woman, I have deep, deep deep in my DNA, especially because of when I was born, that women don't become multimillionaires and make more than their husbands. And women who do that are rebellious. That also comes from a very deep belief of Christians. Or that a woman can be very powerful multimillion dollar business owner, whatever, but she needs to be submissive and silent in church. That was deep in the fabric of who I am. And even in my DNA when I was born. Just like there's a lot of men that there's a massive expectation that you should be strong, powerful, loud, love to talk, always willing to lead, and always the voice of leadership in every room. There's nothing in the Bible that says that that's what a man should be. You can have a profoundly gentle spirit and be very masculine, and be a leader, but not be the one who rises to the task every time people are talking. But there's an oppression even in the church, that if the man's not willing to speak in groups or whatever, he must be weak. What if the man is wise and just doesn't see anything worth the same? Right? You see, we don't even consider any of this when we try to go into our career. And so I'm excited about the breakthrough that you're getting, because it's not so much saying positive things about ourselves, as it is embracing who you are. That's who God sees you as. And that's where any instability is coming up. Because it's double minded. We must, the evidence proves you are resilient. The evidence proves that despite all the rejection, you're extremely accepting. Despite even being an Asian and not being raised, to talk about all these things, you stepped through that and are now talking on video regularly and mentoring other people. Yeah, that's who you are. You're actually defiant to the system? Because you believe God bigger than you believe the system. Amen. Isn't that something? And isn't it something that despite the fact that John was in the tech world, which I would have loved to just, I'm just gonna say it like we're having tequila where they would love to cut his balls off and turn them into half woman, half man half. And then super proud of a justice brain only as right matters at all. He is a strong, powerful masculine man, whom, by the way, masculinity has empathy. It's a lack of masculinity that is abusive. That doesn't mean a man has to think like a woman. Actually, it's counterintuitive to do so because we weren't, we were we were wired by God to be different so that we can be powerful together. But your humility and your faith and the hopefulness that you have, that there is more that there is something bigger that. I mean, it also took a lot of courage to come alongside me. And I'm learning and all these other different things. And now you're learning from me, and we're learning together. I mean, this takes a lot of humility. Even in the stock world. People would rather put a mask on and be humble. Yeah, you know what I'm saying, but you also meet people who make an enormous amount of money. Who are that you're not only went through all that, but you came out compassionate, the evidence is contrary. You could have checked out you could have turned into the biggest rebel or you could have turned into the most apathetic specimen of a man ever walked the earth with some of the stuff that you went through. You get what I'm saying. You could have ended up somebody who plays roles, all these other different things. But even the fact that you defied the Church and its religious tendencies and became a living breathing example of the life that God brings. That's who you are. Now, what's your feeling? Say?

[2233:12] John: That sounds really good coming from you. That's amazing. You are. Thank you.

[2235:36] Sandi: You also are a multimillionaire. Yes, because you have all the makings of it. Yes. And you're coming out of your memory, John. Take all of those things and who you are and write them out and laminate them. And literally, and this will, like you said, it's going to be a challenge for you, first of all because of who you are. And secondly, because of how you grew up, to say out loud I am. And I'm also, and I'm this and I'm that. But it'll become just as second nature as making yourself low. And the younger parts of you that are used to cowering and accommodating and making sure everybody's okay, so there's no trouble, we'll begin to realize that who you became, hang on. All right, my friends. This is why we say there's never been a class like this on trading and whatever, I can't teach investments and money and all this kind of stuff without dealing with your belief system, I'd be ripping you off. And I can guarantee 100% of the time, any one of you who's at their end and wants to quit, it's because you're in memory, I realize you might have blown $10,000 in your account with everything that's happened in this bear market, I realize you might have only $125 left. But that's $125 that can be used to multiply who you really are. And your story will be when you lost X amount of money. This is why I can unashamedly tell you I lost 100 grand in a day. I wasn't laughing that day. But I also had to remind myself because this was new at that time. I've also done that in business before. And I've also made a half a million dollars in two days. So I had to remember, keep moving forward. And one of the biggest things I had to do is not pull from my surplus to try to make myself feel better. Because I have that belief of determination. So I'm excited to see where you guys are going to be. I will post the recording in the group as soon as it's done rendering. Thank you to everybody who has been so vulnerable. This group is very different than any group I've ever coached. And I just want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for just being who you are, because you've also helped me to more fully be and remember who I am so that I can be a better leader for all of you. All right, my friends. Love you. I don't hear any dogs yapping. There's angels all over my house, keeping them quiet. Talk to you soon. And the feds are going to talk in about two hours in the spies at 396. So let's see. All right, remember, no matter what happens today,

[2284:17] John: who you are doesn't change.

[2285:01] Sandi: Go prophesy that over your children. Do this exercise with your children. All right, talk to you later.

[2286:35] Speaker null: Bye bye

