inner_circle_masterclass__money_trauma_32822 (1080p)
Date: 2022-04-27T16:57:09.000Z
Duration: 143 min
Otter ID: _ty31rI34PtRXOKORkHJqghEM18
---

[1:38] Sandi: Good morning. Good morning, good morning

[5:25] Sandi: let me make sure I think that's the sound is loud enough, I got a new mic stand so I don't have to have the big thing. Next to me that's actually really good for when we have people in my office and we're doing a podcast. But when I'm doing these regular talks at my desk, it gets kind of big to have that thing. So I'm excited to be with you guys today, especially for this topic. Yeah, I've been really like, I guess you could say processing with God. And I was even on the phone just a little while ago with my son, Bobby. Because I was talking to him about, you know, how much has become I don't know if it's illuminated. But after healing, so much trauma, and even getting to the place where I am. During the last couple years. By the way, I'm going to spend another week doing a week long, intensive of EMDR in May so hold your horses. What when Mama Sandy gets more set free, y'all get even more. So it's always to your benefit. I always want to be the kind of coach who is outpacing you out running, doing not on performance, but out of responsibility to always be my best. So what we're going to talk about today is money trauma. And in order for me to teach you about why trauma, by the way, many of you might have never had a serious event happened to you. And so you think that you aren't dealing with an issue of trauma, you think you're just dealing with procrastination, or maybe you read Joyce Meyers book and you think you just got stinking thinking, or maybe you've taken a deliverance class at church, and you just think the enemy is the devil is harassing you. Or maybe you were raised. Maybe most of your upbringing, you're a missionary kid. And so maybe you're thinking, Well, I don't really have trauma, but we didn't really have a lot when I was growing up. So it's hard for me to imagine having more. There's two kinds of trauma. So write this down. Few kinds of trauma. The first one is something happened to you. Now, one thing a lot of business owners don't realize is something could have happened to you that has absolutely nothing to do with money. But it has everything to do with you. And because of what happened to you a traumatic event. Whenever you try to build your business whenever you try to make more money whenever you try to grow in any area of life, and at the end of the next two hours, I'm going to prove to you why. If you are split spirited like it says in James in any area of your life, you don't have stability in most areas of your life. Now, none of the statements I'm going to say our with judgment ever. We're not looking and judging ourselves and trying to get set free because that's an oxymoron. What we're doing is we're assessing the data. Okay, write that down. Two kinds of trauma. When we're looking at trauma, we're assessing the data. And I'm going to show you why. If you have a hard time making money, you're probably struggling as well in certain areas of your relationships. And you're probably struggling as well with certain aspects of your health and your fitness. That doesn't mean you'll be broke.

[75:35] Sandi: I always will use myself as an example but I also have over a million people who have come through our training programs and at one point I was a fitness trainer. And sometimes people can be look like they're just absolutely like On track their reps, they eat clean, they're very regimented, or whatever. And you might say that doesn't make any sense. But how come they can't make six figures? What you don't know is what you see is regimen, eating, cleaned, disciplined, etc. You don't see self abuse, self abuse can look really good on an Instagram posts, it can have a six pack, it can have the best booty the biggest back and arms and be the product of self abuse. So I'm going to show you why these inconsistencies happen and how you can overcome them. I'm going to show you that today. Two kinds of traumas, something that happened to you. But here's the bigger one, not necessarily bigger, as in waited, but I believe more people can relate to what I'm going to say. The second one is, then some people like are always dismissing Why don't really think I have a whole lot of trauma because nothing really traumatic happened to me. By the way, the pandemic was very traumatic. So all of you have experienced something traumatic. But if you've been struggling to make money in your business, even before the pandemic, and you dismiss the fact that it might be trauma, you might not have realized that the second kind of trauma, which a lot of people suffer from is when you needed something and didn't have it. Maybe you experienced abandonment as a child or neglect. Or maybe your parents never let you manage money at all. Or maybe even further, maybe this happens primarily more to women than to men, maybe you got married and your husband doesn't let you manage the checking account. Maybe you're given money to spend every day in your marriage for whatever reason whether that's healthy or unhealthy. My personal opinion is is extremely unhealthy. And it violates proverbs 21. Proverbs 31. When you marry something, somebody, by the way, as a woman, you're not becoming their daughter. You're becoming their wife. But I've met a lot of Christian women who do not have access to their bank accounts who do not have access to under even understanding how much money is coming in and out of the home. And they would be looked at as insubordinate, and disobedient to actually even ask for access to that. Conversely, there are even situations where the woman is the dominator, even though it looks like a great Christian home, the woman's dominant here, the man basically gives the paycheck, the woman pays the bills, and the man's hoping everything works out, right. They're both basically struggling through life. So nobody's ever really concretely looked at the budget. Nobody's looked at where's the spending without judgment, by the way, because as soon as you start looking at money judgment comes in, especially in a marriage, and it shouldn't, we should be in a team effort. But unfortunately, we've got a lot of unhealed individuals getting married, and we end up with judgment. So when you needed something, some of you needed more of a team effort, or you needed better mentoring from your parents, or you needed a completely different situation to occur in your marriage. And that has been extremely traumatic. And now you're trying to make money, you're trying to make money, whether it's in my socks class, or you're in here, you've been trying to run a business, or maybe you have a business. But you're so freaking tapped out. You can't even imagine adding a workout to your schedule, because you're making money. But all of your energy is like, tapped out. This is where I was because of my trauma. I could make 10s of millions of dollars. But my capacity, and some of you will dismiss me when I say this, but you shouldn't because there's a lot to be learned here. Because of my trauma, I wouldn't allow myself to go into regular high eight nine figure earnings because I spent so much trot time having to protect myself having to protect my children had to keep the home perfect having to make sure people didn't have bad opinions of me having to, you know, breastfeed handhold and change the diaper of a few cantankerous customers. By the way, when you're in hypervigilance and have trauma. Those one or 2% Customers can just

[149:19] Sandi: destroy your focus and it shouldn't. But as well when you have trauma, especially been manipulated with guilt, you will make everything something you have to fix. A lot of women struggle with this. We think we learned, unfortunately, that fixing the situation would bring us what appeared like safety, and it wasn't safety. I had that since I grew up. Keeping my predators even keeled not allow it not doing anything to provoke Get an extreme response from them. And if an extreme response started, whether it was my fault or not, my normal Mo was to try to pacify the situation so that the chaos wouldn't be there. This is why some of you create drama when you're trying to create your sales pages, or your ebooks or your videos or your opt ins, or your social media content. Because you were created you maybe you lived in a home with horrific chaos, and horrific abuse. And that's all you knew. So when you're home in your home office, and it's quiet, and you're trying to focus on a sales page, or focus on an optin like, it's so quiet, you can't think straight. It's so like, you're trying to focus on just one thing, and your brains going every which way. By the way, ADHD is a response to trauma, it's a response to a brain living and hyper vigilance for a long time. brains and CAT scans because of trauma and again, this can be what happened to you and it can be, it might not be something that happened to you, it might have been a situation you were subjected to, and you didn't have what you needed or deserved. And so you took on an extremism that became your habitual nature and eventually your identity. A great book I'll recommend but I you know, I'm going to actually rewrite some of this in my own book childhood disrupted how your biography becomes your biology and I'm going to actually say how your biography becomes or destroys your prosperity so some of you are so used to chaos that even the quietness of an office you can't function very well some of us the trauma the reason why you're having a hard time making money is because of a social media world. Watch the movie The Social dilemma. What I was subjected to when I made my first million was an internet world that did not have video and that did not have social media. What we had were websites emails pay per click, people could text message me Nextel had just came out with their to a walkie talkie phones. In today's day and age, that sounds pretty dang boring. When's the last time you completely unplugged for 48 to 72 hours. There's no way for you to understand what social media, your phone digital devices like Alexa Siri, Google Home excetera are doing to our lives until you disconnect from them. This is why I like to go to Sedona. Matter of fact, I need to while I'm going to Newport for like a week and a half and may wonder if I can get away to Sedona for three days before then because it's been a it's been some time. One of the things I began to notice when I was in Sedona is how often I would pick up my phone to show everybody on social media what I was doing know my many of you might be well yeah, everybody wants to see what you're doing. And everybody's having fun in that. I understand what is customary in our current life. But I was noticing I'm over here at an elevation of 5000 in the mountains in a city that people fly in from all the world to see. I'm in a rain I'm in a forest in the valley in the mountains where I'm climbing the red rock mountains. And I'm looking for the best picture to share with people on my social media.

[227:37] Sandi: That's called cultural brainwashing. When I made my first million we would have never thought of doing such a thing. We were just now we were just starting to take pictures on her phone. I love all of you and and and I'm honored to be able to have an impact in your life. But when I made my first 10 million I didn't care what you thought when I was on vacation. I wasn't thinking about whether or not this outfit this background. This store this food I'm eating the Mountain View you guys saw because you see when I went on vacation my focus was what was around me my goal was to try to get more present. Many of you get what I'm saying. And it has been traumatic to our brains that we can't even go on vacation without showing everybody every little thing that happens in our day. And you might say, but what the heck does that have to do with making money? Oh, everything, baby, everything. Because you see, write this down 90% of the time when you are awake or on or asleep. You are in your unconscious subconscious mind 90% of the time if you've ever had any kind of horrifically traumatic event happened to you. And we always have to be careful I'm so I'm cautious when I'm on social media sharing my story or even here because people share their stories in such a way that they're constantly reinforcing the trauma and traumatizing their listeners. So when you've got horrifically traumatic events that have happened to you, like you'll be fortunate if you're present 10% of the time. Some of us haven't been present 10% of the time for many, many years. Because of how often our mind is looping. And we describe this as distraction. We describe this as fatigue. It's even sexy now to say I have adrenal fatigue, you want to know the number one thing that causes adrenal fatigue. Trauma causes adrenal fatigue. This thing causes massive adrenal fatigue. And some of you who've never felt the physiological manifestation of trauma. Remember what they are something that happened to you, or something that you really needed and didn't have. If you've never felt the physiological response, you're not you're having a hard time recognizing. That's what that is. I've talked about lightheadedness, you feel like your head's spinning, a lot of what people describe as migraines, and even real migraines I at one time because again, they were looking at it as a neurological approach. It wasn't until I started working with my current therapist, and we were doing some EMDR that she realized, you know, they had diagnosed me many years ago of having petit mal seizures. Tiny little seizures in my brain that would cause me to dissociate. I was having petit mal seizures. What was having as I had been dissociating so often in my life because of trauma that my brain went into petit mal seizures. But you see, we have some very on whether their bedside manner isn't that good? Because a doctor can tell you what's on your head and you can you can interpret that as you're faking. No, you're not faking. It is literally all in your neural pathways. You know, intentions and actions. Many of you I know are faith, pursuing people. You love Jesus, you love God, whether you go to church or not. We're not talking about that today. But I'm going to talk a lot about where some of the reasons why you can't make money. Some of you could make five grand, but making 100 grand a year would blow you away, let alone 100 grand a month. What about 100 grand a day. Some of you just got triggered the minute I said that.

[305:30] Sandi: But you wouldn't call it a trigger your nice little Christian self would say, but I don't have a need for $100,000 a day. I'm just wanting to make a little bit of money. And that's fine. But if that were true, you don't have to always give us this disclaimer, just do it. The more disclaimers and apologies you have to make the more clarity you feel you need to make in your statements, the more likely you have some form of trauma. Because that's a learned behavior having to always explain yourself. But we're often taught in church or faith based environments. And I'm going to read from my notes if I look down, that intentions and actions come from the motives of our heart. Okay, many of you wouldn't disagree with that. We've been given verses like out of the abundance of the heart. The mouth speaks You've heard the words, as the man think So is he, by the way, that versus mankind, it's not just men. Let me break something down for you, to help you understand why you're struggling to make more money, or start your business or some of your like, I don't really have any issues with money, but I just can't like every time I tried to do videos, I freeze, I don't really have any issues with making money. But every time I try to create social media content, I just don't know what to do. Like, I've been here, Sandy for three years, and I still just don't know what to do. I don't need your friendship. And I love you enough to say I would, I'm honored to have your friendship. But I'm your coach. If you've been here three years, and you still don't know what social media to create, that is complete 100% evidence of trauma and a wrong belief system. So when we look at this out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks to you know, many of us are like, well, what's the heart? When you look up in the Hebrew that burst the heart, are you ready for this is the intellect, the will and the feelings. So let me rephrase this, because this is going to be a biggie as we move forward, out of the abundance of your intellect, your will, and your feelings, your mouth is talking. Think about the next time you want to argue with a stranger that you will never meet in your entire life that you feel it is your Christian responsibility to correct on social media. And you spend a lot of time making sure that you articulate what you are saying because you believe as you've been taught by some theologians, you must defend the faith. But you still can't come up with a sales page for the business that you say God called you to do. That's because out of the abundance of the intellect, the will and the feelings, you feel like you're doing some holy job fighting something, that's not what you agree with. But when it comes to building a sales page, you're getting into something more personal. I mean, like God forbid you should make $100,000 I love you enough to trigger you. Because triggering is the path to freedom. You don't know what's there until it's gets shuck it listen to this. Proverbs 423 says, Above all else, guard your heart. My brain when I first started studying the the mind and neural pathways, and God began to lead me to get a lot of healing from my trauma. By the way. I thought it was just a control freak.

[368:13] Sandi: I was told I have a strong personality. I was told I was stupid, and I have a strong personality. Then I was told I was a Jezebel, I was told I was an independent woman. I mean, I've been called everything the number one thing that people hate me about is the fact that I make a ton of money. The fact that I'm a woman with all this authority was the secondary thing. And now that I'm single, holy crap, they're mad as hell at me if I started talking about how much money I make, as soon as I start talking about being single, I got women are like, that's right, baby, you don't need a man. I never said I didn't want a man. And by the way for a woman to say she doesn't need anyone and she's self sufficient and independent and only needs God. She is demonstrating massive trauma. Because we were not designed by God to be independent and not need anybody. And that takes an enormous amount of hyper vigilance. No matter how happy you've convinced yourself and dissociated that you are. There's nothing wrong with being happy. There's nothing wrong with being content. I believe you can be all of that and still desire a spouse or want to be single but to say I don't need anyone is a level of dissociation that's not healthy. If you really don't need anyone, why do you say it all the time

[390:32] Speaker 1: guard your heart

[390:46] Sandi: with all diligence for out of it of the issues of life. You want to know what that says in the translation. Above all else, guard your intellect, your will and your feelings. Because this is where the issues of life are coming from the issues of life aren't coming from the White House. The issues of life are not coming from the Ukraine Russian war, the issues of life are not coming from that conspiracy theory website you subject yourself to the issues of life don't come from that woke cancel culture and stuff you're reading the issues of life don't come from the media. The issues of life don't come from social media. The issue issues of life are coming from your intellect, your will and your feelings. But it's much easier to blame someone else. Because blaming someone else. Our ego believes we've absolved ourselves from examining our own intellect by the way, the translation is your thoughts. Are you ready for this as a man thinketh So is he Do you know what the word think if means, as a man gate keeps, so is he I'm a blow some of you completely the frick away and you're gonna go make a ton of money. As a man gatekeepers, as a man governs his emotion. As a man, by the way, it's a woman too. So don't think this is just a man thing, as we gatekeeper, in our words, and by our desires by our emotions, as we estimate as we keep track. That's the transliteration from the Hebrew. So are we what you're keeping track of every day reveals who you are. No way around it. If you're eating without any thought at all, and you're more concerned with somebody disagreeing with you on social media, than the need your teenager has. You have estimated that that is more important, and you reveal who you are. If it feels better, to go to target, to buy something, that you know, I really don't have the money for this than it does to chase that dream that God gave you for a business that is revealing who you are. And again, it's revealing what your intellect your will will your feelings, how you estimate things of value. It was so interesting to me that the word as you think is a gatekeeper. A gatekeeper allows what goes in what comes out what goes in what comes out. And my friends, you cannot ever have a thought, without your neural pathways being involved. And so, what happened to you, and what you needed and may have had or didn't have, is now become the gatekeeper. On our actions, our ability to discern, this is why a lot of people in the church are not operating in a gift of discernment, they're operating in suspicion. Hang on, don't get discouraged. I'm going to help you get set free. Your neural pathways are determining what you do. Another way of rewriting these and that would be biblical, would be out of the abundance of your neural pathways, your mouth is talking or not. Or refusing to talk. Above all else, guard your neural pathways. For out of it of the issues of your life. As you are governing yourself and your neuro pathways may seem making estimates keeping track gatekeeping. So as your life you cannot have an action without a belief. You can't. By the way to procrastinate as an action, to hesitate as an action. To withdrawal is an action. To deny is an action. Guard your beliefs with all due diligence for out of it are the issues of life. Where do our beliefs come from? Hmm. This is where it gets really deep. This is where 90% or more of our society, our world. Everyone on the planet Earth

[468:03] Sandi: isn't even aware. See, you're in this cocoon right here. And if you follow me on social media and read my posts, or if you're like even, you know, double level you're in the stocks group. This is becoming more of an environment for you. That's completely the polar opposite of what you've been groomed with. Of what maybe you have at your church of what is typically in your home of what you grew up with. So this is what affects your belief trauma can affect your belief your environment can affect your belief. Your neighborhood can affect your belief your state can affect your belief your local church can affect your belief where you work and affect your belief. Where you live can affect your belief brainwashing affects your belief. Specify especially the passive, groupthink public opinion, brainwashing we've seen a lot of in the last couple years. By the way, having your own convictions is a powerful thing. And I will honor you when you have your own convictions, even if you disagree with mine. What I won't honor is somebody who doesn't have any convictions, and basically, is just an echo chamber. You get what I'm saying. So popular opinion, also programs, your beliefs, whether you think or not. Education Programs, your belief, generational DNA programs, your belief, if you grew up in the slums, and you watch TV, and you saw what appeared to be rich on TV, but never had any exposure to it whatsoever, your belief system immediately starts to separate people into groups. Because that's all you ever knew. If you've never gotten around a large group of people who are not church going, folks, your entire life has been in the church, Sunday, Monday, Wednesday, the majority of all your friends are what they would call themselves as believers, the majority of your family are believers, the majority of the groups that you are on social media are believers, the majority of who you follow as believers, do you get what I'm saying? The majority of your life is wrapped around a cocoon of Christians. This is affecting your beliefs. And some of you might say ads affecting me in a good way. The Bible says you got to be in season and out of season the Bible says you got to be in the world, but not of the world. hiding away in a Christian cocoon is not healthy. Because you will be subjected to things that the enemy can take you out in a second because you were ignorant of it. That's why as I homeschool, that was my responsibility to also let my children know what was going on in the world. It was also important that I expose them to certain things age appropriate, not like this bullshit, tacky recei right now teaching kindergarteners sex ed. A child from the time they're zero to seven or eight are completely in a state of what's like a blank canvas and brainwashing. Since when do teachers have the authority to teach my 10 my kindergartener their sexual identity preference or sex education? That is atrocious, and it's an agenda of pedophiles, and I will not shut up about it. Because one of my parents was a psychopathic pedophile. And I will go all the way to Washington talking about it. They were my first abuser. These kinds of environments will distort your reliefs belief system, and make you think you're seeing something that you believe is truth, but it's not. And if you don't correct it, it'll, it's with you your whole life. It's with your whole life, even though you think you're you're born again. I pray in tongues and I worship and I read my Bible, and I only do the KGv and I'm only around Christians. So like my path can't bother passcamp bother me. Yes, it can. And there's two times that your past will show up the most in your relationships and in your money. That's why the last two years felt so painful because two different things were being attacked more than anything. Relationships and your identity there and money and your identity. Whether you like Joe Biden or not is irrelevant to me. I really I'm not. You know, this one of these people who believes Trump is the second Jesus, I can't stand all this stuff. But here's what's interesting. Some of you just fell out of your chair and laughing your head off. It's idolatry. And it's sad.

[547:02] Sandi: God said, Go into all the world preaching the gospel, we're supposed to transform cultures. We're supposed to go to the ones who are cast out we're supposed to go to the scary territories. We're not supposed to just vote a President and to do all the work for us and we sit in our local church, singing Kumbaya. The book of Revelation, by the way, didn't say Go hide on parlor and in a bunker and wait for the end of the world. It actually said Get your dang sword, get in shape and get ready for war. And Sandy's was paraphrase. So what can we do? What can we do when our identities being attacked, when the way we think is being attacked? Well, I think one of the worst things you can do is make it your life's goal to fight every single one of them. To make every single post that you say on social media, why this is not true and why that's not true and why this is a lie on why, why why unless God's given you, which I highly doubt he has, because I have a really hard time with these exposing type ministries. Especially when people don't have a lot of their life together. But again, you know, there are certain ministries that are called to that. And there are certain people who become exposures because they won't, they won't show people. I mean, they won't clean up their own life. And you get what I'm saying, I hope that came out, right? What can we do? What can we do? First of all, we can't give up the debate. You came to me to learn business? Well, after 28 years of business after 28 years, well since 2008, so we're talking 910 Two, oh, like 14 years of teaching business. People have asked me for strategy. People have asked me for systems people have asked me for a step by step plan, people have asked me just tell me where to start. All of that's in the vault, by the way. And a lot of your ego will think Yeah, but some of that's outdated. Some of that's not like what you're doing now. It's it's everything I'm doing now. It's why I'm still have companies making millions of dollars companies that you see on social media and companies that I run in investments in real estate and other things that are not anywhere on social media that you don't know anything about, that I don't ever talk about. But here's what's interesting, we can't give up the bait the debate, we have to ask ourselves, why do I do that? Rather than accepting it, if you know the church you're in, I'm going to make a very strong statement, because it's what is what it is. So when something affects you psychologically, it is affecting the way you think it's affecting the way you make decisions. It's affecting your belief system. It's affecting priorities, etc. And the word rape means to take something from someone against their will. Usually it's used in a sexual connotation. But many of you the churches, in the friends and families that you're hanging around with are psychologically raping you on a daily basis. They are taking away from you with pressure, with common thoughts. With popular opinion, let's go back to the things that affect us. With brainwashing with education. Some of you, the church you're at has got generational DNA all over it, because your entire family has been going there. But you don't even believe half of what they believe. But you wouldn't dare leave because you can't even comprehend the cost of the rejection. Yet you don't have any acceptance you have. No, there's not love there. Do you get what I'm saying? This is why we stay in horrific relationships. And we don't do anything. We get lazy and we give it the debate. Why am I staying there? Why do I keep seeing my family every Sunday afternoon, my extended family when it takes me two to three days to recover from that kind of stuff. A lot of what's going on? Is psychological rape. And the more that you comply with that. You're not going to be able to make money, you're not going to be able to think differently. There's a saying these days. Thank you so much for being so bold with the truth, Sandy. Why does it sound so bold when it's the same truth I've been saying for years, it's just popular opinion is being propagated more. I'm not getting super bold. I'm just no longer getting super polite around and passive around what I think is a crock of bullshit hockey anymore. Because the more I get set free, the more I realize I built my businesses

[625:43] Sandi: believing what I had been programmed with, you're not smart. You can't do anything on your own. You don't think right? You don't even have a college education. You the reason you made all that money is because your anointing. People use my anointing as a reason why I did something exceptional. You know, your anointing doesn't mean nothing. If you don't get obedient with it unactivated doesn't matter what God gave you if you don't do anything with it. But people use that as a reason. Why am I be exceptional? And I realized I built my businesses going around the block about the way we think addressing every now and then how we think and giving people the strategy and all the other different things. And the more I got healed the more I realized and it took a A lot of coaxing from my therapist, to really admit this truth. The reason I've been hugely successful is I do not think like 99% of the world. The reason that I have been so successful in so many areas of my life, in spite of all that experience that I experienced, and all of the things I didn't have that I needed growing up, is because I do not think like other people. And because my light is so bright, and I do not think like other people, and I'm elaborating on this and that, so you'll love me and none of that, because I'm trying to shine a light on you. Because I think so differently than everybody else. Because I'm not ever, I have never wanted popular opinion, because I've despised brainwashing most of my life. Well, now I know why. Because my first predator had to pretty much brainwashed me, until I started telling everybody by the time I was about six or seven, what was happening to me, then she had to silence me. The majority of the reason that I was successful is because I don't think like everybody else, because the majority of what the way people think I can't relate to the very thing that the enemy and my predators tried to stop me with. And I'm hoping this will give some of you hope, isolating me, separating me cocooning me, not allowing very many people get to get very close to me, not allowing me to do anything that I love for very long, for fear that I would get any kind of independence, all of that plan of darkness made me think different than everybody. And when it was time for me to start a business, I started making decisions, according to the way that I think. Not according to the popular opinion of everyone around me. But by the way, there wasn't very many people around me. I ended up marrying somebody who was also an abuser. This happens often, when that's all you've known your whole life, who also isolated and separated us. All that did is made me stronger. All it did is make me think differently than everybody else even more. And it wasn't until I started getting healed in the last two years at a high high level that I realized.

[681:38] Sandi: I don't think like everybody else. And I have a moral ethical integrity issue. That I have to start challenging the people that I mentor, that some of you have been with me long enough that you you could teach a class for crying out loud on how to do an opt in, you could teach a freakin class yourself. I know how to do social media content. Many of you could teach a class I could have you come teach the email class or copywriting because you've listened to me so much that I'm deep in your neural pathways, because you've heard me say, listen to it 10 times, because that's what I do. You've heard repetition is the mother of skill. You've heard all of these different things you could actually teach it. But what's going on in your own belief system is why you won't do it. And that makes me excited. Because I've been saying it over and over and over again. And I've even experienced it, that when you start challenging your own belief system, a lot of what's in here in your mainframe in your mind, and your brain starts getting activated in new ways. And some of you are going to go create a website in a weekend, some of you are gonna go create a week of social media content. Some of you are just gonna say, eff it fear. I'm doing reels, and I don't care what I look like, and I don't care what people think. And I really honestly the only reason I haven't been doing Rails is because I was afraid I wasn't gonna look like an influencer. But at the end of the day, that's not even who I freaking out. I'm just gonna be myself. I saw this video this morning. Let me see if I can pull it up. Is this older lady beautiful gray top lady who's doing a common video that a lot of people have done about why people aren't buying her products. And I'm watching this woman who looks like she's a farmer. Okay. And I'm like she's got it together. More than half of these tech savvy people who are not doing reels. Watch the video. Let me see if I can get it get the sound

[715:09] Speaker 2: like I want to support your business but your stuff costs too much. If you just say that. It's okay

[719:37] Sandi: I bet you she's the kind of one going as well, if you asked her how come you didn't put any lemon in this cake? She'd be like, because I don't like lemon, if you want, let me go put it in your own case. I guess what I'm trying to say is the reason people get successful at reels is not because they do everything appropriate, according to the system, according to the plan, whatever, whatever, whatever. They finally got to the point, I'm just going to do whatever, you know, feels good. And there's a certain amount of people who will connect with it. Here's the thing, the way that you get over some of your beliefs is you've got to ask yourself, why do I do that and don't accept because I always have, don't accept it's my personality. It might be your personality. But that also can become an enabling excuse to not move forward. Because here's the thing, if you actually do stumble upon the answer, this is my personality, you will actually go be successful and be productive now that you realize that you won't use that as well. You know, that's why I'm not. I'm not successful in business, because this is my personality. By the way, all four personalities, I've had a million people come through my training programs, all four personalities, any age group, any race, any gender, any shape, any size, any weight, any income bracket doesn't matter, quadrants doesn't matter. I've seen people succeed and all of them. You also have to refuse blame of yourself and others. A lot of times when we start going through our trauma, it's painful, because people we were told to honor and to love and to respect. Were some of the initiators of it. But here's the thing. What others let me rewrite what I wrote here. What others did or neglected to give to us may have caused a response. But we're here now we're adults. Whether you're listening to me, and you're 25, and something happened to you when you were 10, or even when you were 20, or you're 55, or you're 75. What others did to us or neglected to do happen to us, but we're here now. And we have to change the belief that this trauma response caused. So what we have to do is we have to examine what's actually happening. So if you get ready to do a release, and you're like, Oh, my God, if people actually see what my face looks like, or like, my chin looks too fat, or, like, I don't like the way my hair looks like, I don't look like Chalene or Brock or sandy or you get what I'm saying all these things start popping up. Where did that comparison actually first start? What's the feeling or emotion that comes up? As soon as you turn on record, some of you literally get full on triggered. Or some of you have complicated things because you've been groomed with overcomplicating things. Many times by traditional education or taking too many classes, or people saying only a specific group of people can do that particular thing and you're not that kind of person. Even the overcomplicating can bring a feeling of overwhelm. Some of you are so obsessed with making six figures that you haven't even focused on why don't I just start making $100 a day. Some of you think of $100 a day as failure and six figures as a win. Win actually making $100 a day is the path you want to step by step path. Making $100 a day is the path to six figures. Beth says I feel funny and goofy than afterwards. I'm mortified that I did it. And let's be careful with comments right now so that I can take them at the end. But that you know what? That happens to me sometimes, too. I was watching a video this morning that those who are close to me would absolutely love but if I were to pace posted on Facebook, I would probably be utter cat utterly castrated. Some of you might even quit the inner circle if you saw the video. It's not that bad. It's just a video where the verbiage is saying I used to be so sweet and polite and kind and accommodating. And then it goes and then I got to this point where it's you know, flip it flip everyone else and flip all this but that's not the word they said. It's really not how I feel but kind of a little bit and then I've got to ask myself really?

[799:23] Sandi: Why was I so nice and accommodating. I remember when I was really sick, and I had just started my Remicade and I was really dealing with theirs prior to the divorce and was really, really dealing with the fact that I felt like I was on. Um, get up, do this repeat, get up to this repeat get up to this repeat. And I remember thinking to myself, isn't that how people feel in corporate America? I run my own company, how the heck did I get here. And I was considering filing for divorce. I mean, I had been married at that point for 23 years. The love the happiness, the affection in the marriage had left 20 years ago. We could fake it when it was necessary, like abusive marriages do. But I remember thinking, I don't want to talk to anybody. And I remember thinking, My head feels so overwhelmed by everything I'm trying to do every day. hypervigilance will do this. And I'm just being totally straight with you. That I started just posting positive things. Now I am innately I don't really believe in astrology, but I believe that there's a there's a lot of similarities according to when people were born. However, that works, it works. And places tend to be much more empathetic and optimistic. Okay, I tend to be optimistic anyway, the cup is always half full, I tend to not believe like most people because of the horrific trauma I lived in, you know, one of the ways that I kept myself out of depression, and unfortunately, then it became a dissociative method. My positivity was to see the positive because I didn't want to face how horrible it actually hurt. So I just started posting positive stuff to the point that I really didn't even care. Sad to say, but I'll admit it, I just didn't care. No, it got so much engagement, I figured out well. I guess this is what I got to do. I just got to post a bunch of positive happy stuff. And everybody likes it. And everybody likes me. And eventually, I guess it was by my stuff. Eventually, I was like, Okay, I am typically more positive and happy and optimistic. But I can't stand pattycake and around the issues that really matter. Because all you guys want is fairy dust and unicorns. This is what I'm thinking in my head. Can anybody hear my belief systems, I don't have a problem with being vulnerable with people so that they can see themselves. And whenever I would like, share something really from my heart. Like people were like, where did the positive Sandy go? The people who really wanted to grow with me, I knew I was a person and had been to like, my masterminds or whatever. And I started sharing some of my struggles. Knew that actually, this was a real part of me as much as I'm positive and whatever. I'm also like, tell me where the enemy is. Oops. My sword is not used very often, it's actually broken. That is very much a real part of me. When I get on a horse, I love the peace and tranquility. But I also have something inside of me that's like, where's the enemy? Let me chop their head off. When I go to a shooting range, especially outside where like the targets are much different. I have this thing that comes over me and I all of a sudden feel like a sniper. And that part of me started showing up on social media and the very religious optimistic please just keep sugarcoating my life with positivity because I can't stand when anybody tells me the truth. I didn't come here for truth. I only came for feel good. started really getting upset. And then that started making me upset. And I didn't just take the time to tell you that story. So you know my life. I took the time to tell you that story because then I had to deal with why am I only saying things that people want and I'm not really being who I am. Why am I only being myself half the time? Why do I back off when people get really mad when I'm just sharing some truth, even if it's not, they're not accustomed to this and their local church. They're not accustomed to this and they're local. Why? Why am I backing off?

[879:56] Sandi: Well Well, when you have a psychopathic abuser, actually, we've concluded, they were more, they are more of a sociopath. You will learn very quickly to back off, around any kind of chaos, you'll learn real quickly to back off anytime there's kind of any resistance. And then it put me in a situation of feeling so split spirited, because I saw myself doing this. And I had to justify it with my ego by saying, I didn't give a flip anymore. I didn't care. I wanted to delete my social media every other day. Allow yourself to get into that place where these feelings come up. Because if those feelings hadn't come up, and I hadn't done EMDR therapy, and I hadn't pursued heal, healing like I have, in the last two years, I fear that I wouldn't be here talking to you today, because I would have deleted it. I would have gone and made enough money to live the kind of life I wanted and walked away from social media, walked away from all of our programs, and said screw it, given everybody a refund and said, Goodbye. Now, some of you can see that as extreme, but you can't see an extreme, that you have everything you need inside of you to be successful. But you keep walking away from just one hater. That's why you won't do a real, you sit there and you get ready to go do something that will grow your business that will finally put it out there. And you find yourself doing things that you're like, why the heck am I doing this? Even while you're doing it? Have you ever felt like there's two people talking? In your head? You're getting ready to write the email and there's like another person in your head, saying, When are you reading this email? You're so stupid? Nobody's gonna understand you. Nobody's gonna buy anything. Are you kidding me? Even if they buy anything, they're going to return it all you fraud. And you you've never had anybody articulate the fact that that's neural pathway activity. examine what's happening, number one, when you get ready to go do a project that you know is going to help your business. Number two, what is the feeling or emotion that comes up? By the way, some of you listening to the recording? I understand if you're working and have obligations, I get that. But some of you booked doctor's appointments when we're only here in the inner circle live twice a month, and you know it. And you keep saying well, it just came out. And that's all they had. Have you ever tried a CEO type approach that says I'm so sorry, I have a meeting that's hard stamped in my schedule, and my staff won't let me reschedule it. Where else can I fit in. But some of you would never allow yourself to look at yourself like that. Because you don't have staff. You're trying to build a business but you don't feel like a CEO. So the moment somebody says this is all I have available, you bend in morphin chameleon eyes and distort and realize I haven't been to alive inner circle in six months. By the way, situations will come up until you stop them. Committed CEOs even if you're only working 10 hours a week, don't reschedule the things that are hard coded in their schedule. I've got to go for you know, the test from hell, the colonoscopy that I have to have, I've got some different things I've got to get done with my home. I've got landscapers coming in May who are going to be here for a week or two doing a huge project or whatever. And when I'm setting appointments for things I have hard coded in, when I teach my socks class, I have hard coded in when I teach this class, when I have my Remicade when I'm recovering from Remicade. Some of you will dismiss it and say Yeah, but you're financially free. So you can make those choices. No, that has nothing to do with it. I had to start making these choices so I could become financially free. So I could start becoming like the orchestrator of my own life. So I can start being the CEO of my own company. Your Church calls you and says, Can you do this on Tuesday morning, we really need somebody and think you'll be a good fit. Oh, I had a word from God. I love when people say that before they they asked you to do something, and this will be a good fit. And it's when we have inner circle.

[956:07] Sandi: Or it's when we have the stock space or whatever it is or when you were supposed to do your webinar and you will adjust yourself because you've allowed what the Church wants you to do to be more important than what you're doing building your business. But if you worked for Apple they paid you $1.5 million a year as a consultant, you wouldn't dare. But you don't see yourself as that kind of business person. I'm not saying you have to dismiss or not attend or not be in all kinds of church functions. But this has everything to do with your own personal identity. And how often you withdrawal or you morph for someone or something else, and then can't do the thing that you needed to for your business. Some of you wouldn't dare get a babysitter. Because prior to the pandemic, you worked 90 hours a week now you're working from home, and you got so accustomed to your kids being at home and things like that you didn't even think to yourself, I'm the CEO of a multimillion dollar company, I need to get a nanny who comes in five hours a week during the meetings that absolutely I need to attend live. Some of you would transform your business if you'd start doing that. Just because you left a job 90 hours a week and you want to spend more time with your kids having a nanny five or 10 hours a week doesn't mean that you're disowning them. examine what's happening. And number two, what is the feeling or emotion that comes up when these things happen? A lot of times, we aren't even addressing it, we're just opening up another app or opening up another whatever we flip on Netflix, we go text somebody, we go watch a song on YouTube, because we think the song is going to motivate us the next thing you know, we're watching an hour and a half of YouTube, then my phone rings, I'm so frickin distracted, I might as well blow up the day might that was my thing. I'm amazed. I'll just blow up the day and do it tomorrow. And then number three, where did this first start. Because this isn't a new habit. It's just showing up because you're trying to grow. This will show up too. If you're trying to hard code an hour a day in the gym. This will show up if you're trying to hard code, just a walk every day. This will show up if you're trying to hard code or time you're going to get up and a time you're going to go to bed and you're going to keep it because consistency is what's going to help you be more healthy with your sleep patterns. And eat anytime you try to do something that is going to benefit you personally. Some of you have such deeply rooted beliefs. They're not just seeded they're rooted. To put yourself last you've taken the Jesus first other second yours last to the point that you you abuse yourself. This was me. I was pouring myself out to the point that I wasn't a living sacrifice. Like the Bible talks, I was pretty much halfway dead, fatigued, exhausted never sleeping through the night. Do you know that I never slept solidly through the night with deep RAM and deep sleep until about 2017 When I started dealing with trauma, and I started dealing with the fact that I had chronic PTSD and I started taking cannabis to go to sleep and I started weaning off all the medication. That's almost 53 years. And we wonder why had autoimmune conditions. The body can't repair without sleep, it just can't. I don't care. Even if you've slept for two hours for your whole life, your body's not repairing. If you feel so fatigued all day, and you've gotten overweight no matter what you do, whether and by the way, starving yourself isn't the way to eat, training your metabolism to actually burn more effectively. Exercise doesn't help you lose weight losing weight as a byproduct of the body learning to burn more calories. This is why it doesn't matter what exercise is pulling the sled I have found burns in 10 minutes, the same amount of calories as 35 to 45 minutes on the treadmill. But a lot of people wouldn't allow that like, just like they can't allow themselves to make six or seven figures work in 10 hours a week, they wouldn't allow themselves to only work out a half hour and burn as many calories. It's not about the effort that you put out. It's are you being productive? And are you helping your business, your body, your mind? To do it, it needs to we'll figure out where did that first begin my first belief that I have to give my all came I had a workaholic parent, one of my parents was a workaholic. Most of my life I didn't see them. And then I got groomed with the whole hustle mentality. And the whole hustle mentality taught me that you know, people who make a lot of money work 90 to 120 hours a week and I did that with all these illnesses while homeschooling my kids while making millions of dollars and almost killed myself.

[1035:10] Sandi: And I will tell you the single hardest thing that I've ever done in my business has gone down to 20 hours a week. I now work about 10 or 15 hours a week. I actually am one of the best copywriters I've ever met who I actually personally mentored and I don't say that simply because he's my son but I've interviewed a lot of copywriters, and Jeremiah is exceptional. He really is. And I mentored him, he's actually coming to help me do some opt ins and some advertising and different things like that. And it's interesting, because I said to him, I'm willing to do this, and I know it's gonna grow everything, but I'm not willing to give more than three hours a week. So you have to make sure that you're taking over everything, I'm only willing to give three hours a week. So having clear expectations like that helps everybody before Oh, I would have just morphed and whatever was needed of me because I was that was so familiar. That's so familiar to me to just die on the table, so that everybody has what they need. Should just giving, giving, giving, giving, giving, or cutting out my workouts and accommodating my schedule, to everybody else's needs, and not allowing myself to succeed personally in life. Because that was very comfortable for me. That's all I knew. Where did this first begin? Where do these where does this first begin that every time you try to do something, some of you, it's one or two things in your business, some of you are wanting to start a business, and you're so overwhelmed, because it's this big in your head. It's like this big this big in your head. And you haven't allowed yourself to just make $100 a day, you believe you have to have all these things to be successful. And on in two weeks ago, I showed you, you don't need all those things even make six figures. This is popular opinion. This is brainwashing. That's what coaches taught you. So they can keep teaching you and teaching you and teaching you teaching.

[1067:48] Sandi: I'll be here as long as you need me. But we're going to be focusing on the brain more than anything, because that's the reason why you're not making money. We do talk about strategy strategy is in my vault and I'll make a radical statement, go take a bunch of other people's classes, I guarantee you're not going to activate it until you deal with your brain. You're not going to activate any of it. So you deal with your belief system. And we have to ask yourself, why is this a challenge? Why is this a challenge? And what is the truth? What is the truth of this challenge? Let me start triggering you a little bit. And then I'm going to give you guys about a half hour of q&a in some of your situations or maybe even a little longer depending on how quickly I can get through it, of what your real money issues are in business or why you're procrastinating or why you you keep getting distracted, or why you always keep revising your work and you're not willing to deal with okay, this is less the apple models, what I call this is almost complete, let's put it out there and see what the feedback is and fix it as we go. Some of you like would be mortified to put a product out like half of those. Remember, we're 90% unconscious 10% conscious. So why are you judging yourself for what you're doing in your unconscious mind? You didn't know. It's just data, you might have to be responsible for what you did. Sure. But it's not fair to judge yourself. Some of you just have breakthrough, I can just feel it in the spirit realm. Maybe because you were groomed with false guilt. Or you had a hyper religious training of responsibility that you've thought that if you uncovered trauma and different things that happen in the trauma that now you've got to go back and all these different things, you definitely need to take responsibility for what you did whatever. But you also need to give yourself grace you didn't know you don't have that you didn't have the data you have now you are operating in an unconscious mind with your pain. If you can give that same grace to other people, you'd be surprised at how many will give it to you. So pay attention to repetition in your life. When are you numbing out? When are you becoming who you're really not? And you know it? When do you feel triggers physiologically? And do you know what triggers are restless leg can be a trigger? Sure it can be a magnesium deficiency or it can be a trigger. stomach upset digestive issues are a very common trigger. What a lot of people think is IBD is not only because of pathetic food and not sleeping right by the way your gut biomes and healthy microbiomes cannot flourish without healthy sleep cannot. Many of you as well have gone on gut healing regimens, adrenal healing regimens, thyroid healing regimens, and you've never dealt with your trauma. The reason that thyroid in the gut and the adrenals are having such a problem is because you've never addressed what's going on in the neural pathways with a therapist. Start asking questions start realizing that muscle cramps, lightheadedness, not being able to focus having to obsess about something Then getting like OCD about it. All of these are trigger responses. And certain do some research on what trigger responses are two really good books that I will put links for in the group is childhood disrupted how your biography becomes your biology and trauma, the invisible epidemic really good reads really, really good. You will be blown away at how much you actually can correct quickly effectively.

[1129:10] Sandi: Many of you might need a therapist to help you walk through things. But many of you those two books in these classes are going to set you free. So be careful as well trying to pattern yourself up to someone else that can be a trauma response. What works for one person doesn't work for another I was talking to my friend Chalene Johnson she's got this great CBD and melatonin product that works beautifully for her. It's helped Brett tremendously I can't take it. When I start taking CBD or melt melatonin messes up my my sleep patterns, melatonin apps up my hormones can't take it. When I take melatonin. I'm lucky if I get 30 minutes of REM and 30 minutes of deep sleep with working through trauma like I have. And taking cannabis to sleep at night in a gummy form, I get an average an hour to two hours of REM, and an hour and a half to two hours of deep sleep five nights or more a week. That's why my body recovers like it does. That's why you see me looking like I'm younger. Oh, there was another angel in the room? Did you guys see that? Somebody might have seen it. We've had a couple of them today, my office? It's interesting because a lot of people want to know like, what are you eating all this kind of stuff. And I'm telling you water and sleep will change your life dramatically. But trauma is the biggest disruptor of sleep because when you're supposed to your brain is supposed to be processing it's stuck in memory. And that's what you have loops. That's why you wake up in the middle the night can go back to sleep.

[1156:16] Sandi: Now I'm gonna ask you a couple of questions. And then we're going to take some of your questions. I'm going to bring as many people up who want to be on the screen. And we're going to do a group collaboration here. And I'm going to ask you some questions. And I want you to write down if any of these trigger you because could be linked to the question you're gonna ask me

[1161:55] Sandi: what will happen if you start making $5,000 a month? That's going to provide for you a five figure income, what will happen, many of you might not feel anything, some of you might some of you are now even feeling shame because you are feeling bad about $5,000 a month. Stop it. Please, I love you stop it. This is a judgment free zone. We're just assessing the data, we're going to do our market research on how we are feeling our physiological response to some of these questions. What if you started making 5000 a month? What if you started making 25,000 a month? Now that's multiple six figures. Some of you just got triggered, right? Write this down? What if you start making $100,000 a month? That's how seven figures? What if you start making $800,000 a month or more? That's now eight figures? What if you start making $8 million a month that's now nine figures. I can feel it in the spirit realm, whatever. I think every one of you just got triggered in some capacity. What will happen if you need to hire people? What will happen if you need to write ads? What's going to happen if you have to manage customer support The Good, the Bad and the Ugly? What's going to happen if you got haters? What if somebody starts lying about you? What if you have impersonators? I have right now. 43 impersonators on Instagram I have a team of attorneys who are taking care of it. Cease and desist notice had been sent to Instagram and a lawsuit against Instagram is starting those impersonators bothers some of my followers more than me some of my followers get so irritated that fake Sandy's are following them. Why the heck would you be irritated? That a fake me is following you? Does your social media have to be so perfectly like with no disruptions? No haters, no fake people following you know bad DMS like why would it bother you so much? By the way you don't have to report or blog. I don't care. Because I've got a team of attorneys. I don't need anybody sending me pictures about who the attorney the impersonators are. My attorneys are already working with Instagram we already know where one of these people live. IP addresses are super easy to trace. You're not hidden the minute you log on anything. But some people get so triggered. They can't stand anybody disagreeing with them. They don't like any picture perfect and to not be perfect. They can't imagine anybody would even know what's going on in their own life. You know, then something else comes up and I literally had somebody say, it drives me crazy how many impersonators follow me, after I comment on your page, and I'm thinking to myself, why does it drive you crazy? And they were like, and I report block all them, you don't have to report I appreciate it, but I'm not worried about it. Because they will be taken down. This is not my first rodeo. It's not my first impersonator. Not my first time having to deal with stuff like this, that'll be taken out. But what if I was a new get impersonators for your business? Oh, my gosh. How many of you have actually looked at some super successful people and thought, yeah, I'm gonna build, maybe consciously or unconsciously, maybe you didn't even realize you were doing this till now. I'm going to build my business to this point of success. But as soon as I start getting all these impersonators and haters, I'm gonna just keep it at this level. So basically, you're you're gonna build your business, to the place that everybody likes you. Sometimes I wonder, do we struggle more with the process? Or are we more afraid of the outcome? So I would love have I read what happened to you by Dr. Bruce Perry and Oprah? No, I haven't. I will. Look what happened to you.

[1227:05] Sandi: Thank you. I would love to bring up as many of you as I can. I love when we have the group of people up, we can take your questions. In that group, all you got to do is precious. Tap your spacebar. I think it's really supportive as well, for us to be collectively in a group like a retreat 68 people's not a big deal. What I don't want is only five people up on the screen. And I think your willingness to come up on the screen and be a team and devote this hour to yourself and to everybody else. is shown whether or not like, raise your hand and come on up on the screen. How many of you will come up on the screen and we can have a group? Group talk I love when we have like 50 people. It's so supportive to everybody. And it humanizes everything. It really does. It humanizes everything. And when I'm not the primary focus that you're looking at on the screen, it really humanizes everything. And I want to talk about like, what? How do we deal with our traumas? What do we do? That's what we've been talking about for the last hour and a half. The biggest thing that you've got to do I would highly recommend is you've got to, like I said, You've got to make sure that you examine what's happening. You've got to deal with what are the feelings that are coming up? When did this start? What is actually the truth, some of you can't get to the truth without a therapist. I know I couldn't I could get to a lot of it with the Holy Spirit. And I, you know, my therapist was very, she was really shocked. She says she's never worked with anybody and all of her years, who's had as much trauma as I have, who's able to work with like God and my journal and stuff like that and get through as much as I did. Now, mind you, I had gone to a lot of different ministries and things like that. But most of the ministries, if not all of them, they can deal with some trauma, but they're not really trained on dealing with the healing of the neural pathway and the physiological aspect, which is why it really drew me to writing my book and really start talking about this publicly. You'd be amazed at how many people who profess to be Christians believe that as soon as I start talking about neuro pathways, it's New Age. Who the heck gave us neural pathways or people will talk about parts work is if it's a once and done thing, like okay, we're gonna pray this prayer, we're gonna pray all these prayers of your parts and all your parts are going to be fine. You're not understanding the mechanics of the of the neuro pathways. And I think one of the disservices as much as I believe in divine healing, and I've experienced it, da some of you've seen it. As much as I believe that God can give you one touch, walk into a room and change your life as much as I believe all of that and I've experienced it. Then I want to know if we have all of that available to us. Why does so many Christians have negative thinking? Why are they scared of money? Did you know that the Bible talks about more money more than it does even sin and not in the negative? Humans are the only one in the church who talk about money negatively God never did. Sure there's a lot of different warnings, but we hone in on the one or two verses that talk about if you have money or not can you can't go to heaven? Do you see the misappropriation? If you have money, then you don't love God? Do you see the misappropriation? And yet, if you don't have money, you can't do much of anything for anybody I hate to break it to. You really can't. And the only reason that we will hold ourselves back or we will say yeah, but I don't want a lot of money. I just want to serve Jesus, and I want my family. There's nothing wrong with that. But having to give it as a disclaimer, shows something's wrong. Because if that truly was your belief, you don't need to defend it. Does that make sense? Like you can impact an entire nation making 50,000 a year depending on what God's called you to. But some of you God has given you a capacity to make 50 million a year and change an entire people group like Esther. But you're terrified to go through your beautification process like she did, which would be healing from trauma and all the other kind of stuff. You're terrified to be set before the evil thing that you're going to have to transform with an entire harem of other people like you who don't know God, like I'm prophesying now. Some of you are terrified to be in the company of 100 other business owners and be the one making the most money in the entire setting and full of the Holy Spirit and loving Jesus, you're terrified. But that's exactly your anointing. What's the difference between what Daniel did what Aster did?

[1307:43] Sandi: Do you know that Paul was called to preach to family members that he murdered the relatives? Talk about a media scandal Whoa. He murdered people. He was on his on the road and a way to kill people simply because they believe Jesus. And he had a radical encounter with God that threw him off his horse and threw him off of his belief system, and literally left him blind for a certain amount of period. And that radical encounter and his obedience and subjecting himself to it, put him were in front of many of the relatives of whom he had just killed their relatives. And we're afraid. These are the talks I have with myself. These are the talks I have with myself. Sandy, could you handle a lion's den? I've had these conversations with myself. Why not? Could you actually go into a fiery furnace and dance? By the way, God didn't say Yo, Shadrach Misha and Bendigo I'll meet you there. It's gonna be the best reels we ever did. You're gonna be burning in the fire and dancing. I'm gonna meet you. They went up, one as the Son of God, the Bible talks about showed up in the fire. And you want to know what's crazy. The people who threw them in the fire saw it. That's my those are my favorite scenes. When the perpetrator and the Predator has to see God show up. Those are my favorite glory moments. Sometimes when I want to punch somebody out, I just said God take the boxing gloves off my hands and you take care of it. So one thing that I want to say to you, Amy is so therapy or church, I believe that you are conveying about the need to deal with traumas and pain, but I have not had success with either of those pants. I understand. And Amy, I don't know if Amy's up here live. She's not it doesn't look like I will tell you, you know, my therapist asked me last week. Have you ever asked yourself why you kept looking for healing and why you actually would have hired me after firing over seven other therapists. She said have you ever asked yourself Sandy, why you actually would have hired me after three of the therapists you met were complete psychopaths. By the way narcissists and psychopaths like to become therapists.

[1351:50] Sandi: And she also said, and your whole experience of therapy by the way, my predator who is was my first one went to therapy my entire life was was being seen by a psychiatrist. Go figure that should have put a black spot on my head forever to never go get therapy. And she says, Have you have you ever? There's a little word picture of like a pirate and a black spot that'll never work. She goes Have you ever asked yourself why you still went on I said, I think because deep inside of me, I knew this is not all there is. And I'm not taking this. That's been with me since I was little, this is not all there isn't, I don't believe it. That's the very thing that got me to fight back. That's the very thing that got me to fight back. This is not all there is. And I'm not believing this is all there is. And some of you, that's a statement that might set you free. I think what's really been extremely devastating to me and helping people. Let me back up for a second. So it became obvious to me the more I started trading stocks, and all this other kind of stuff that God didn't just call me to business, he actually gave me a gifting in the financial kingdom to understand how a lot of things work. And since I was 12, the first time I said I want to be a neurosurgeon. I was obsessed with the brain, I used to come home from school and read the World Book and the encyclopedia. And like I could tell you all the different parts of the brain and we weren't even studying it in school, I was just fascinated by all of it. And I didn't realize how much the two inner intertwined together. And I began to think you know what, a lot of times, the very thing that we think is way out there actually is the very thing that we're wired for. But some of the things that we've been through, or just the Battle of trying to survive, sometimes trying to survive, and the patterns that have become home for us are so exhausting that we can't imagine doing anything else. That's why some of you don't work out. That's why some of you are really like, can't build a business, you can't imagine doing anything else. And the thing that's been really, it's really, it affects me on a deep deep level is groups of people who have been programmed, brainwashed, popular opinion, that because of their size, the color of their skin where they grew up who they are, they couldn't dare have an opportunity. Like someone else who has been hugely successful. That is such, I'm going to just be myself, please don't be offended. But that is a crock of bullshit from hell. That's what that is. And I am convinced that one of the top three lies of the enemy of our souls is to keep you broke. And some of you are not only weaving through your own the things that happened or the things you had or didn't had, but you're weaving through generational trauma. And it's worth it. It's worth it. Don't get this, I think this was really a prophetic thing. That's why I wrote it down. Do we actually struggle with the process? Or is it the outcome that could possibly happen that we're afraid of? Journal that in the next day or two? Are we are we afraid of the process? Like I remember when I first started seeing Dr. Mikayla and I would just get so overwhelmed with some of the process. And she'd be like, What are you afraid is going to happen? And I said to her, I'm afraid I'm gonna get stuck. And she said, Well, that's, that's impossible. Because it's not happening. We're going to just deal with memories. But we're going to make sure that your brain and all of you understand it's not happening anymore. We're actually just looking at the data of what happened or what you didn't have and etc. But I had such a deeply rooted belief like some of you do. That if I were to start addressing some of my negative beliefs, I'm going to get stuck. For me, that came from traumatic events of being like locked in closets locked in telephone booths locked in cars, held against my will. So I didn't realize it was a belief that someone's going to take me somewhere and I can't make it stop.

[1431:40] Sandi: That very same belief prohibited me from making the amount of money that I could have, with less work. It doesn't make what's interesting is some of the most toxic, unhealthy, damaging beliefs we have sound so irrational when we finally get to the root of them, but they're very real inside our neural pathways. Like I was afraid my business would get to a certain point that I could never stop it. Well Of course, I got to stop it. No one's gonna lock me in a prison and telling me I have to teach teaching. If I don't want to teach, no one's gonna lock me away and tell me I have to keep writing copy if I don't want to write copy. But there was a very strong physiological response whenever I thought about stop doing something because it wasn't bringing me any joy anymore. Simply wasn't bringing me any joy. There were also beliefs of like, well, you need to be grateful, because you made 50 million doing this. And the fact that it doesn't bring you joy, like this religious voice kept rising up in my head. The fact that it doesn't bring you joy is a relevant chapter and verse. Where did that belief come from? As if for some reason, I discovered something that I could make a lot of money in. And now I have to do it for the rest of my life. That's a that's a belief. That enabled me attacking that belief enabled me to retire from writing copy. And enabled me to retire from doing one on one coaching. If I ever bring anybody one on one anymore, it's a gift. I don't take payment for it, I don't lock into a schedule with it. And it's a benefit. Like I'm giving away, I gave away $3,000 to two people to help them with their business. I'm going to coach the two of them. That was a gift. That's a whole lot easier for me than oh my gosh, I have these 30 people I have to help with their copy every sing. There was a time when I loved it. It brought me joy. Why am I sharing this with you? Because some of you are locked into something that you've been doing for years, and it's not bringing you joy anymore. And you're in a new season, you're in a new space. And you're you're afraid of what is going to like am I going to look at like I'm not I'm not grateful? Am I going to look at like, there's all these different beliefs and those are things that you have to unpack somebody have a challenging what is my mind issue? Money. By the way, I'm so grateful to be able to go this deep on these thoughts with all of you because it really is. It really is the like it says guard your heart with all diligence for out of it come the issues of our life. And like I said in the Hebrew that means what? Guard your intellect, your will your feelings. The gatekeeper in your head. Because out of there is the issues of your life. So who has a question? Just go ahead and talk or if you want to write it in the q&a If you're not up here was going to be my face. First brave one. I will all right. I'm not surprised Miss martial art. received my fellow warrior sister.

[1488:33] Speaker 3: So when you said Okay, imagine or write down if you made $5,000 per month, and then you kept going up, okay. And I was like, okay, so I'll start with first imagining them making 5000 more. And then 25. I'm like, okay, cool. Okay, yeah, I can do better, like 100. I'm like, Oh, I can donate so much. While I've been doing this I can do. And then when you said 800 That was like, Oh, I'm like I can't. I was like, oh, no, I can't imagine that. It's way too like that seems so far off. So what is your thought? And I don't know your thoughts on that. And then and then of course, when you kept going up from there, I was like, la la la la. Like, I just can't even like it was just like shut, like, There's no way? Well, and

[1501:22] Sandi: here's the thing, there's a couple of different things that we can unpack with that. If you have a business that absolutely requires all one on one, of course, that is going to seem like a death trap. Like, like me looking at one on one coaching and then trying to make you know, a million dollars a month was like, Okay, why doesn't somebody just shoot me? That would be less painful? Because I can't even imagine how many hours that would take. But so it depends on the business model would be one thing. The other thing is there is a breaking point, I believe for all of us, that we have to break through with our neural pathways with our belief systems to go to the next level. But we can't idolize it. Jared. I mean is if you're really successful if you made eight figures, but you're not successful if you've been able to make you know, a million dollars for 20 years every single year. Like making a million dollars is super easy for me. I know that sounds like an arrogant statement. I don't mean it to be. But that's something I have to take into perspective. And it's also something that at this point in my life I'm super grateful for. I used to think it was never enough. Like whether it was making a million a month or I was whatever I was making. I used to think it wasn't never enough, because I knew I had so much enormous capacity where now I'm realizing, well, wait a minute, I'm 58. And I'm at a season in my life where it's very different than any other season of my life. So I not only should I be grateful, but I shouldn't be proud of myself. I'm where I'm at. Some of you aren't even proud of yourself for where you're at, because you're just comparing yourself. So that also comes up. The other issue that comes up, first of all, how much is it going to require of me? How many hours all those different things? But there's a big issue that very few people don't talk about, but it's in our head? What will people think? Some of you seen it, like people don't judge me for much at all other than money. And it cracks me up, because there's even a lot of people who make a lot of money, and don't ever talk about it. And some people are like, Well, why are you always talking about it, because it's what I'm called to do with other people, I have to talk about it. I have to, because if I don't bring up money, all people want to talk to me about is their belief systems and their religious beliefs. And, you know, going through different issues and being positive and all that kind of stuff and getting fit. And I understand all of that. But the primary thing, the thing that I have tried to avoid the thing that I realized was trying to avoid because of trauma. The thing that I'm actually called to do is helping people make more money. And helping them deal with older issues about money. And even my talking about that make some religious people just get you're talking about money, too much money means like your gravy, I owe you. Money, every post is about money. Some of you are even feeling that. And we have to ask yourself, why? Because when your paycheck showed up, or you did or didn't make any money in your business, you're asking God to make what? Not another website, you're asking God to make money. I'm always fascinated when people start making a ton of money, and then they start complaining about the tax bill. Like if you have the privilege and honor to pay a six figure tax bill, first of all, make sure you have a really good account and, and you're not paying a six figure tax bill because you're figuring it out like an employee for crying out loud, but is a blessing. There's so much I can tell you right now, like even whether you like President Biden or not, when he said he's in this big thing where he's going to charge anybody who makes over 100 million a year 20% tax rate, y'all realize they have way more write offs than we do, right. So the likelihood that they will ever pay 20% on their taxes, despite the fact that it is hard law will never happen. But the fact that you will pay a specific amount of his employee will not ever change. It's just a message that is marketed to middle class people to hate the rich, so they will never make more money. Because you can't go walk into a room that you hate. You can't. That's another reason why some of you would never make more than a million or 5 million. Because you don't want to be the object of this judgment. And it's everywhere. You can make multiple six figures in the typical local church and be safe. But as soon as you become a millionaire, good lord.

[1579:56] Sandi: Some of you have or have not been exposed to that. Or I mean, God forbid, like is it for some reason, the pastor is not allowed to make a million dollars on his book or her book. Or the pastor is not allowed to make 50 million with some of their wise stock investments. While they're only living off a 10% of whatever comes into the church, but everybody will look at them like they're filthy, greedy, buying a private jet, and how dare they drive a Lambo? when actually they had put their money into Wise Investments when they were broke? The judgments around money is just like what in the world? Who says you can drive a Lambo chapter and verse the Bible talks about tithes and offerings I'm wanting I'm trying so hard to trigger you. Who says you can't? Where does it say if I drive a Lambo? I'm making the homeless person on the street broke. They mean Where does it say this? Just because you got some people driving a Lambo who would never even help anybody with the homeless. That doesn't mean that you can't drive Lambos or you're that person do you see the well I got to put you in a box. Have you got a two carat diamonds? Okay, but if you got a five carat diamond now that's greedy. Really? Why? quite frank. Gold diamonds just went up 7.6% I'm selling a lot of mine and put them into real estate. I'm trying so hard to trigger some of you. You're welcome. But the thing is, is you're looking for when is it enough? I know enough about your personality data. I know enough about what you do and self defense and martial arts and stuff like that. It's very possible that you're hitting a wall of when is it enough? Whenever I actually like was making the statements of like, big, providing you're doing the best you can in all areas of your life. Some of us who are by the way over achieving as a trauma response. It's not a personality thing.

[1613:53] Sandi: And I've been in that for a long time till I realized oh my gosh, that's a trauma response. When is it enough that's for you to decide. And that's allowed to change every year if you feel like it. But we are in a culture of like if the person has a five bedroom house and four cars, they must work 100 hours a week or if they're only working 10 hours a week then they probably immediately the judgments go I'm sure they don't other kids. I'm sure there's I'm sure that like it even if you try not to have judgments like moving from Scottsdale to here. I was blown away at some different judgments that came up in my head. Because in Scottsdale like you've heard me say all the time you got six figure earners driving Lambos that are leased. And out here you got like these billionaires who like are walking around in their flip flops and their 10 year old T shirts with a paid for cash Lambo, that's one of their 10 cars and like they're the most benevolent, generous, humble people I've ever met. And you would never know it. I actually chuckle every time I see a sports cargo bike, because I'm like, who's driving. But some of you, that's where the judgment show up. So start paying attention, the more that you become aware of these things with your conscious mind, you will pay attention to what's going on with your unconscious mind by the thoughts that are coming up. Your thoughts and actions are revealing your beliefs Always. Always. Which is why by the way to judge what someone says by what they typed, or sending a video on social media is an idiotic thing to do. Because you cannot know the intentions of someone's heart unless you understand their belief system. And to judge what someone simply typed with their fingers. Or said with their mind, if it triggered you enough that you immediately went into judgment, that's us, not them. The faster the response, the more it's us, not them. To even have a judgement about someone else is like why? What's the payback for us? There isn't one, not one that benefits us. But you know, I grew up in a very conservative Anabaptist church after I left the Catholic Church and then I got born again and I was in these very conservative Anabaptist church that like the ministry of division, and the anointing of exposing was the primary motive of that organization. That's hard to overcome and then sort of business and make money. Okay, I've got some hands raised. Is it Kiana? Is that how you say? Hi, yeah, how can I ask you how old you are?

[1665:10] Speaker 2: Sure. I love when people ask me that it's only wanting to read me think I look really young or I look really old. But I'm 43.

[1666:54] Sandi: First of all, it's just not fair. Because like my beautiful dark skinned sisters and brothers can be like 90 And look alike. And then when when as white people try to tear and we just look older and doesn't work in our favor. So you're in your 40s you have a I just feel prophetically that you are in the midst of or getting ready to be thrown into one of the biggest pivotal movements of your entire life. And it is going to set the stage for the next 30 to 40 years for you. Oh my god, I'm getting him God wants. God wants you to know that he he is paying attention to every time you say yes and don't pay attention to what people say Every time you say yes to him, he's got he's got you know, he's got you big time. I just heard in my spirit Fear not for their faces. So

[1685:00] Speaker 2: I'm like, what was my question? Oh my god, I always get emotional. masterclasses I told my friend that we're both in it. We were both in it, and she's probably over here. But um, I don't know why. But Sandy always evokes emotion out of me. Like, I'm always crying like, I know we're learning. I'm taking notes. I got 11 pages of notes, but I'm always crying at masterclasses. But so first, I want to say

[1692:29] Sandi: glad though, that just means that parts of you are learning. They're hearing some of what I'm saying. And there may be some wounded parts inside of your beautiful self that has not ever heard these words of hope. And that brings that physiological response. Yeah, that's cool. Okay,

[1699:13] Speaker 2: so thank you for the work. I definitely received that and appreciate that. And to our watch the video you did the medical as your day with Brock, I wasn't on live that time. But I watched I watch the replays, I watch the replay, the tips that he gave, I use them I put them into action. I've been making real consistently in posting every day when my rules. I have like getting more followers on my IG page. Yeah, higher numbers, I got my highest Tiktok views of over 30,000 or one of my videos. So thank you are. And my question, actually was about something that you said about the neural pathway. So this morning, I was like, I guess revelation of my experience. So I moved store to kind of moves or to kind of run away to Colombia, I'm not in the states anymore. I am in a kind of like House House thing in Colombia, and just exploring and growing and learning. It's been a lot of a lot of fun. So I went to Carnivale. This weekend, and they had a lot of cultural things that triggered me, right? Because they have a different African American culture. They have African Americans here. So

[1722:06] Sandi: there's a lot of Spiritism in Colombia. So you deal with a lot of Spiritism. Yeah, yeah, no matter what, whether you're dealing with Colombians, African Americans, doesn't matter, you'll deal with a lot of Spiritism. In Colombia season, understanding territorial spirits is super important to be able to prepare yourself and overcome. And so if you're understanding, okay, there's Spiritism, here, I'm going to probably be triggered. So then you just oil yourself up with the things that are important and the truth that is aligned, as opposed to what the oppressive Spiritism might bring. There are certain areas that some of us by the way, might not even be able to go to and be able to flourish financially because of territorial spirits. And being aware of that, so continue.

[1734:21] Speaker 2: So they have their own history, cultural history of slavery, that's very different from North America. So I found myself being triggered they do not like black face type things, they have a lot of arm. Native American things that culturally, so and then I started like really thinking like, you know, a lot of things that are that is bringing trigger into me with this situation is around racism. And I realize how much Honestly, I've never dealt with a lot of those things. But those are stories that were taught and indoctrinated and told to me, but not that I actually experience I do have my own experiences. Yeah, that thing, but probably like 90% of what the triggering was, for me at this wonderful cultural event was from stories that I learned, honestly, through education. Have you ever done

[1750:23] Sandi: a DNA test? No, I haven't. You might want to do a DNA test to see if you have any Colombian in your blood. Okay. Sometimes this is not always the case. But sometimes when we go to different countries and different things, and we have a massive trigger or whatever, it could very well be because of generational it can be because of the object of what you're seeing. Do you get what I'm saying? Like for example, we have a lot of Hispanic and for citizens here in Arizona, so you're gonna have a lot of spiritualism with that, but You also have a lot of spiritual truth that people will dismiss as spiritism. That because of what's in my bloodline, I, it doesn't bother me. Also, because of my calling, it doesn't bother me, but it might completely trigger somebody else. So that's the other thing to understand some of the things, we can get triggered by things. Because of generational, we can also get triggered by things. Sometimes it's because of what happened to us. But it's also revealing what we're supposed to do. If that makes sense. Like a lot of my money issues, I would have never thought God had given me a mantle around the financial kingdom. But the more that I took DNA tests, and I researched my family history, and I started going through, literally building out a timeline and finding all of the different multimillionaires in different family members and how many of them died, all these different things. So find out whether or not you have any Columbian in your lineage. The other thing is, is when you find your DNA, I know this is gonna sound weird, but you know, I'll just risk it. You may find that in your DNA is something that is combative with Columbian. And it doesn't have anything to do with you. It just has to do with your generations. And it might be something you deal with intercessory and through intercessory, prayer and things like that. That's why I never dismiss the spiritual when we're dealing with triggers because so for example, my last name, my maiden name is Osborn. Colonel Osborn in the Civil War, married his top slave housekeeper, he married her and fled north to Missouri. I found all of this in my generation of stuff. I never understood why I spent most of my life asking God, why didn't make me black. Like literally, we chuckle at that, but like I felt more comfortable around African American people have people have any kind of dark skin, whether they're Indian or Hispanic, or whatever, than I ever did with all the white people I was growing up. And I never understood any of that. And I started doing history on it. And I found out okay, so Colonel Osborne fled north and in the Civil War, like there's a lot of oppression in Missouri, that affects me physically. There's a massive amount of racism and mafia, and white supremacy and all of that in Missouri. And when I was in Missouri, oh, I've never been so sick in my whole life. There's a lot of it in Detroit as well. And the more I got healed, the more I realized, oh, not only is what happened to me, and the things that should have happened me that I need it, but there's also things in my bloodline that I'm dealing with. I'm also German on top of this, okay. Do you see? I mean, like, I can just keep talking, I ended up finding out that I'm, I'm 12%, black, and my DNA test. And I keep asking God, obviously, I know where it is in the booty, but how come the skin and the lips but the God hasn't answered me yet. But what's interesting is, is it made a lot of sense to me why certain countries, because it was seeing my DNA, felt more like home to me. Why certain areas feel more like home to me, even to some people might even be seem dangerous. Why certain situations triggered me and I don't have any stories in my history to say that that would trigger me. But it made a whole lot of sense. And so even when you said I went to Columbia, and I mean, like something in me was like, Oh, my God, like you're in another country all by yourself, like my passport is still a virgin. Okay? This comes from my trauma. Like my passport has never been stamped. I've kept that anywhere, but the United States and Canada, and use all of my autoimmune conditions and all of that as my excuse. This is why I've got to marry a man who wants to travel.

[1827:05] Sandi: And what's interesting is the more I study Mayan cultures and whatever, I'm so drawn to them Zimbabwe. Oh, my goodness, like what? The Maasai tribes? Oh, like, I've done a lot of work with a lot of them and couldn't figure out why did these people feel like family? Well, because they are in a very real way. And yet some of the witch doctor paths and things in spiritualism that's around it is like, Oh, I could just go off on witchcraft in the church. Which is why I could might, I might see it because I can see it in the context of a witch doctor in Zimbabwe, but people can't see it in the context of your local church. But that's part of my prophetic mantle to see it and that's why doesn't make me afraid to talk openly about it anymore. This is also why and you might find some people feel a whole lot better around all kinds of people of diversity. And some people can't figure out why they feel really uncomfortable unless everybody's like them. Start probing into why. Start probing into why I got an A horse a couple of weeks ago when my kids were here. And I was enjoying it. I mean, so I used to ride horses. When I was in high school in my early 20s. I became a single mom when I was 24. But what's interesting when I was in high school, I was supposed to take lessons and learn how to jump and compete and all that kind of stuff. I really loved horses. And one of the things that one of my caregivers did would constantly disrupt anything I got really good at, it was one thing for me to enjoy it. But as soon as I got really good at the cut it off. And I've had a repeated history in my life of doing that, I mean, time I get really good at something, I'll cut it off. And I'm sitting on that horse at the top of a mountain here in Arizona with my kids. And I'm sobbing. Because I remembered that they cut it off. And this was one of my deep, deep, deep loves horses. And it wasn't until now 58 years old, that I tapped into that part of me and was able as even a mommy to journal and speak to that 18 year old and me who had her heartbroken. So sometimes when we go into situations that are different you're in Colombia and or whatever triggers can come up, but they're also a part of our journey. This is so fun that I said to you some pivotal things are happening right now. For you. Yeah, you have a business mantle on you. But it does not look like what most people would call a business mentor. Yeah, which is a lot like mine. Do you know what I mean? Like most people wouldn't see it as a business mentor. Like some of the things that I do, which is why for the longest time, every time I start talking and teaching or whatever be like, Oh my gosh, you need to teach a Bible study. Oh, my God, we need to put you in front of No, no, God called me to business. And people couldn't figure out how all the dynamic or that works. It wasn't until I really started getting set free from my trauma, I could see that you don't need to see all the dynamics of that. Like, God did all kinds of things that blew people's minds and their dynamics and perspectives. So pay attention to that pay attention when you're walking around. Something I want to encourage you is see if you can get into like the country area. And I want you to kneel down and put your hands on the ground and start praying over the land and see what happens. When I first got here to Arizona, I have never in my entire life felt more compelled to get on my hands and knees and pray over the earth. Like I have here. Like blew me away. I have never felt so at home in my whole life. And this is a land of real diversity. This is a land where people cross over from other countries. There's a lot of different things. Everything's not great in Arizona. No, but that was the first time I had ever experienced in my life. feeling something from the earth

[1898:36] Sandi: I'm excited to see what happens. You know when we start exploring some of these things some of the things that we've been obsessing about that we can't make money fall off, they just fall off. Just fall off. The thing that you wouldn't think had to deal with why you're not making money will open the gate for you to make money. I still can't believe she's over there in Colombia. I'm just like, oh, oh my god. Like are you there all by yourself?

[1905:15] Speaker 2: Yes, I can't.

[1906:02] Sandi: I chuckled. Let me chuckle because as much as I've done in business or whatever, I'm like, you live you went there by yourself.

[1909:04] Sandi: How many shotguns Did you pack? No.

[1910:27] Speaker 2: Everyone says that, but I came by myself. I basic Spanish, which is you know, from high school, which was over 20 years 20 I think like 25 years. I don't know it's been a long time. And I love it. I absolutely love it.

[1915:01] Sandi: Do you have anybody here who's prophetic or has intercessory is such a warrior mantle all over you girl. You like a Deborah all over you. Bless you. Bless you. Bless you. Thank you metalline Yes. How can I help?

[1920:59] Speaker 1: Thank you. So, Sandy, I'm okay, where do I begin? So, I have been a graphic artist for 25 years a marketer, Art Director for 10 years, I climbed the ladder and thought and got to a place that I thought was, you know, the goal making 100k a year. And then I developed Menieres disease because of the chronic stress. And so that gives me vertigo, and just, you know, other other issues, okay. I believe that God injected me from corporate America about a year ago to protect me. And I'm so grateful that he did that. I decided to go into business for myself, and finally do like the things that I wanted to do without fear. So now I create art, I paint art, and I do commissions for people. I teach art classes to adults and children and mixed classes. And I do my graphic arts, graphic design, website, building logos, copywriting, all of that kind of thing, social media management, and all of that. And quite honestly, when I was able to, because a lot of your teaching, because when I was able to embrace the idea that there are no rules. People started, sorry, I get emotional. People started to climb over themselves to give me business. And now I get to work with the clients that I want to work with incredible companies, Patriot minded, spiritual minded companies, amazing. I feel like I'm really aligned with what God has me in my life. I have time freedom now. Flexibility, I should say, I can do my work whenever I want, like my daughter is on spring break this right? Can I just working out? And it's two in the afternoon in Chicago? And? Yeah. And a lot of it is because of you. So thank you so much,

[1954:54] Sandi: because of you, but I suggested it.

[1956:36] Speaker 1: But the question in my mind, because I also follow your son, and all of his, you know, things that he talks about, too, is, how do I decipher that it's my choice to have my business be at the level that it's at, because I'm definitely not making 100k that I used to make, and quite a piece, and I feel okay with that. But I am trained that, you know, corporate America tells you to climb that ladder. And you know, it's like, there's still these residual things in my mind that say, like, could it be more like when you were talking about like, the First Lady was saying and making x number of months and X number month and X number month? Is it okay that I maybe don't necessarily want to because my business model requires me. So

[1970:04] Sandi: if Well, let me answer these questions. And let me ask you a quick question. And this is a great question. So thank you for being courageous enough to ask it. Because I guarantee there's a lot of other people who would have asked it. Okay, whatever you decide is right for you, is right for you. And by the way, it's not this, like, you know, we've been so programmed with, you've got to pick your car, you've got to pick what you're gonna do with your with your life by the time you're 25. And like, what do you think you're doing changing your life at 40? And all these other different kinds of things? No, you're allowed to pivot and change anytime you want. So here's the other thing, whatever makes you happy. And what you want to do is great. Now the disease that you're dealing with, which is an auto immune response, I believe, and some of the emotion that's coming up when you're talking about it, Have you have you ever worked with a therapist or considered doing any EMDR with parts work? Specially if you have this flexibility?

[1984:26] Speaker 1: Yeah, I have done therapy work in the past. And I actually just reached out to an organization to try and get into therapy again. Okay.

[1986:55] Sandi: Dr. Mikayla, by the way does she does virtual coaching, okay. And some of the physiological responses you're having and the autoimmune response that you're having. How do I say this and I'm going to close with this. Okay, bear with me as they say this because this is being addressed to all of you. But Madeline has been brave enough to tell her story. And her story also reveals my story and how I discovered what parts work is. And I don't mean this in the wrong way, but 90% of what's out there and taught on family life systems and parts work is not what I'm talking about. Which is why I feel so comfy How to write a book on it. What can happen is, let's say we're going to draw a picture, okay? And they don't ever pay me to draw. So this is a no judgment zone, what I'm about to show you. Whenever Dr. Mikayla wants me to call her, I'm like, You want me to do what? She sometimes has me color. What my younger self might have looked like at five? What do I see when I think of my 12 year old self? What do I see when I think of myself as a team? Like I literally had a life changing traumatic event, almost every 10 years, most of my life, I've had 15 events happen, like most people don't survive through that stuff. So let's say this is your younger self. And then there's your teenage self. And we're not we don't have for the sake of time. And obviously, these are things you would work through with a therapy, I'm not sure what happened in these things. Or if there were things you needed and didn't have. And then let's say this is your career self. So for most people, this can be 18 years old to 30, or something, or even in your 40s. You know, even though I made millions and millions of dollars, I learned with my career self survival. Because my very first motive was to try to make enough money to get away from an abusive husband and never have to depend on anybody again. The only thing is I never left. And the survival was so deeply rooted in me, I forgot, I didn't know how to shut it off. But what's interesting is you left this, a lot of people experienced this in the pandemic. And you went here. And this may have been a huge opportunity for growth and new opportunities, and maybe choosing to make less money and being super happy, or whatever it offers. We you know, we've got one gal who's in Colombia and all these other different things. And all of a sudden in this transition manifests a disease. It's very possible that this shifting, it's not that the shifting was wrong, usually will assess this. But there could have been some things here that you really needed, or that happened to you in your career path. That when you shifted here, this part of you and your neural pathways collapsed. And it manifested as inflammation, it manifested as disease. By the way, you can have a heart attack. From trauma, you can have Crohn's disease, I know as much as I know. Please, let me just say this quickly, and then I'll get back to this. I just had an appointment with my gastroenterologist yesterday. When I walked into his office in 2017, he was the first person in my life to say, I think you've got trauma trapped in your body. Yesterday, I was talking to my gastro, and he's talking to me about what he's working through with his therapist. And when I'm talking to him about what I'm working through with my therapist, like those are the kinds of doctors we need in the world, you get what I'm saying.

[2052:36] Sandi: He's done EMDR, in Iowa, high Alaska, all this other kinds of stuff. What's interesting is is the the Crohn's and the RA is an autoimmune response. And I get really teary eyed when I talk about it. Because there was so much shame around it. But it is an autoimmune manifestation of so much fracturing, to my identity, to my neural pathways, to my security, to everything that I needed as a little girl and never had. The goal for me is not so many people are like, I hope you get off Remicade. I hope you never have to deal with these diseases. And I understand all of that, and I receive it and I love it. I've overcome so much lupus left my body. But you have to understand with what my body and my parts have been through. I am a living freaking warrior miracle. I could care less if I have to take Remicade every eight weeks for the rest of my life. Because I'm doing more in my life right now than I've ever done in my entire life. Not to mention my body in flames a lot. Every time I got to deal with some of these memories. That for me, they've been like this. My whole theological thing was well, they're buried and they're hidden Christ. And it's the past and I'm supposed to forget the past. But my neural pathways weren't letting me. And it's very possible that that shift in mood was exactly what needed to happen in your life. But there's parts of your neural pathway parts of you. When you say parts of you people think schizophrenia di D No, that's what happens when people It's a miracle that I don't have D ID. People who go through it I do usually the brain permanently fractures and each individual part becomes its own identity. But when you have that you don't know when you're in those identities. I simply manifested through my life and was like, Why does my brain feel like it's thinking like a five year old? Why does my brain mad as hell like a teenager who wants to kill everyone? Like my 20 year old want to do to just leave me alone? Why do I have those plaques. And then there's a very religious 30 year old who had to learn to conform and adapt and don't cut your hair and only wear dresses and not yes, and be a submissive wife, 30 year old inside of me. And as I began to deal with some of these different things, diseased or fallen off my body, but interestingly enough, through the process of dealing with some of those things, I got very sick. Because those parts of my neuropathways weren't used to being listened to. They weren't even used to being acknowledged. Little girl Sandy is still very uncomfortable talking about everything that happened. Very uncomfortable, like I was not mothered or fathered I wasn't parented God parented me. Like it's a living, breathing miracle that I have a motherly calling on my life. Isn't that something? So here's the thing, give yourself enough grace, I really want you to consider finding someone who does EMDR and parts work, because there was a massive transition. And what's interesting is, we may think it had to do with this. But this little one might need it have needed something that they were trying to prove all the way to here. And that's when your DNA like your immune system couldn't handle it anymore. What we think is finally rest. This is why some of you will hit your financial goals and you will get sick as hell. And you will be like what in the world why I've achieved a lot of my dreams, what's going on. And it's simply because you broke through to something that parts of you had been trying to think you had to do to prove you are worthy. You are loved. You are accepted your whole life and you didn't realize it. Some of that happened to me. Like when I went through my divorce, it was a it was a crazy two years, first of all, because like all those companies and all these different things, and he thought I had offshore accounts and all this crazy stuff. But like I broke my foot, I got sicker than a dog. I got put on Remicade, in the middle of the divorce process, I was so sick, they gave me a year to live. I was like, I am not dying before I get a divorce. It was a crazy long, two years. And then I felt like all I wanted to do is sleep for six months. I just wanted to sleep for six months. Just leave me alone. Don't ask me for anything. I just want to sleep for six months. But that's what a lot of times what can happen. I wish even though I don't ever regret. I wish I had met Dr. Mikayla and I had done things that ironically, I met Chalene. Then I actually met Dr. Mikayla and I think it was 2010 at an event, and I dismissed all that I

[2132:42] Sandi: didn't need any of that. And so what's interesting about autoimmune response or like sometimes we think achieving our dreams, we've been fed this, we've been marketed this, we've been brainwashed this, as soon as you make a certain amount of money as soon as you finally have this that the other thing as soon as all the kids are gone as soon as whatever it is pay off all your debt, whatever it is, everything will be easier. My friends, sometimes that's when you collapse because now all of a sudden, you have enough time on your hands. Like I was not accustomed to actually thinking and feeling what I was doing. Because there was always 100 more things to do. I was not accustomed to having so much time on my hands. One of the things that made me sick was I was so accustomed to chaos my whole life, that peace and calm felt like boredom. So I just create drama or just get go do a ton of things or start another company for goodness sakes. Like oh, like what I'm bored. And I didn't understand what peace was. I had no idea what peace was, with being like comfortable in the silence of a room. I read a book one time and they said if you want to know whether or not you have some certain parts in your brain that need to heal, just pay attention to happen. What happens every time you get in the shower. I laughed so hard about that because I was like That's true. Like you turn on the shower, you get into the water and it's like the chatter starts. It's like Who the heck are all of you You

[2161:25] Sandi: like me, that's why some people take an hour and a half. And some of us are like, out of here, shut the chatter down. Have you ever noticed that whenever it's quiet enough, or you're still enough, or no one needs anything from you mommies and daddies, the chatter starts. Sometimes that's what's going on in your unconscious mind all the time. You just never listened to it. Dr. Mikayla would start asking me what's going on in the shower. I literally would get out of the shower and start writing it down. I'm like, I'm in the shower. And this thing just popped out of nowhere. And then that event popped out of nowhere. And that memory popped out of nowhere. And that thing, somebody said, 20, something years, like popped out of nowhere. She's like, it's not popping out of nowhere, it's just in your memories are getting used to saying they're getting used to coming up. This is what integration does when you start healing, the memories start coming forward. Which is why I don't believe in past regression stuff. So thank you, Sandy, not the things that we can't remember, it's the things that we can't forget. And we're stuck in, that are causing the most problem. It's the memories that will not shut up. The biggest problem with so I wish I had hours and hours and hours more with you guys. I'm super grateful for how much time I have with you. Thank you for being a safe place for me to be able to share with you. It is a really big story, my testimony.

[2188:57] Sandi: And I'm so grateful that we live in a culture where we actually can impact people through our phone and social media and stuff like that. But I want to encourage you to not let this thing control you. And if you feel like it does, please don't have any shame. And please find someone who can help. Because there's no shame. No shame at all. If you feel like I know I pick up this thing, I'm constantly pick periodically, it doesn't bother me at all, then all of a sudden, I'm like, What the heck, I'm picking it up every couple of minutes. Even on my day off why? It's almost like my brain just picking it up without even thinking about it. There's nothing to see I'm just picking it up. I threw away all my echoes today all my all my Alexa things today. I just got so tired of asking a computer to tell me things. Because when I was younger, I used to research these things. Not to mention frequently in the last couple of months, she talks to me without any initiation. This makes me a little nervous. Sometimes I'll be like, Alexa your house Shut up. Be talking to somebody over a glass of wine or whatever we're talking in my living room, couple people, they're upset, she starts talking, I'm like my Alexa needs deliverance. So you know, what's interesting is, is that sometimes if we take an inventory of how we're, we're living throughout our life, throughout our day, or whatever, we can actually see some of the things that we're doing to avoid the things we don't want to pay attention to. So I just want to encourage you to pay attention. And powerful people, by the way, see therapists and yes, there are some therapists that are not worth seeing. But you have to be courageous enough to just say, No, I know some people are like I've been traumatized by my therapist, I can relate. But allowing that person to and the situation that happened to be the author of my destiny was not an option for me. Just can't be. So I hope you guys have a good afternoon, I will post this when it's done rendering, we are going to take some voting for next month. By the way sometime this summer, Jeremiah, my son might take over inner circle and talk to you guys about some different tools that he uses for copywriting and ads and stuff like that. There's so many different things we could do. I love using the inner circle for Brain Training. Because without it, I really think a lot of business mentors. And again, not everybody's called to do this, you know, they might refer to other people, but all the systems strategies and everything are gonna do a thing. And what's really cool is if I can start a fire in each one of you in your homes and your bloodlines and your family in your local neighborhood and your local church and your realm of influence. I look at it as a That's how we spread the message. And I think one of the biggest things you could take today is that when you start assessing the data of trauma, or our beliefs about money or whatever, you have to leave judgment out, it's not fair to judge what you did when you didn't know. It's just not fair. And there's, it's, you're not allowed to say, Yeah, but I shouldn't know. I know, I used to do that too. But I had to remember my children used to have all as adults said to me, you know, you were so open so often with some of your struggles and stuff like that, and you've healed with us, and have helped us so much like, you did the best you could in the situation you were in, I wanted so much for my children to just like, fortunately, they didn't deal with a numerous amounts of the abuse that I dealt with, but I married a very abusive person. So there was a massive amount of chaos. But what's interesting is, is that when you realize it is okay to say I did the best I could, in that situation, I can't, you can't redo it. But you can redo now. And that's where I think Grace has an interesting capacity. Because we could start changing the way we do things for one year and undo the damage of 30.

[2263:39] Sandi: You can start like that. I was talking about this in my stocks group. And I'll close with this, isn't it something the very small, consistent or inconsistent things that people do in relationships with us affect us in a big way? It's not the really big demonstrations of love or whatever. It's the little consistent or inconsistent things that really make a difference. It's the same way we're dealing with your trauma, just consistently dealing with just a few things could create a huge change. Initially, it will feel like, where do I start? This is huge. But that's just a self protection thing. Small little consistent things. Just little consistent things make a huge difference. All right, my friends, I'll talk to you soon. And we will vote for next month and know that I'm praying for you. My team is praying for you and you guys matter a lot to us. So I'll talk to you soon. Bye. Bye. Thanks, Sandy. Have a good day.

