LIVE Workshop_ Scaling A Profitable Course Or Coaching Business
Date: 2022-02-15T22:43:57.000Z
Duration: 198 min
Otter ID: vjZK1PyWssXA1No-ZmJYHmlrtOw
---

[389:50] Speaker 0: Everything changes

[429:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: You pulled me down. You said I was flying What is up everybody? How are you today? Welcome to scaling a profitable course and coaching business. Can I let you? Can I hear from you sorry, that where you're watching from where you're logging in from, where you're joining from and listen, you don't have to be perfect at talking to do these type of events. You don't have to be, you know, always saying the right thing I messed up, I flubbed up just right there. A little, little brain fart. So let me know where you're watching from. I am so excited today, we're going to spend the next three hours together and I want to show you how to scale a profitable course or coaching business. How many of you have a course or coaching business? How many of you are in a course or coaching business that you started? Or you're thinking of starting a course or coaching business? Let me know. Let me know what you do and how you coach people, how you help them? How are you bringing transformation to their lives? How are you changing people's lives? How are you connecting with people and bringing their results to them? Because really, that's what you're selling. You're selling the results that your course or coaching business offers? How many of you are excited to get more people, the results and the impact that you can have? Let me know leave a leave a comment fire emoji, say, Let's go something like that. Just to let me know that you're here, my friends. They can have starting a songwriting one over here. That's awesome. Look at that. have three online courses do private nutritional, consulting, awesome. We have a number of people that do songwriting and nutritional consulting as their courses and coaching and we've helped them scale to 25 30,000 a month in nutritional coaching. We helped a songwriting coach scale and multiple seven figures. We have online let's see nurse health coach, a lot of health coaches here. Mindset coach turning online courses to produce evergreen content. So that's it. And so if you're on here today, your goal is to sell more of your courses and coaching. We don't like that word, right as a as a coach, that word sell while we like the money. We like the idea of that we were about impact. We're not about just bringing in the dollar bills and then sending people off and and they get nothing for it right. In fact, if you're on here, I believe that you're a person of integrity. I believe that you're somebody that doesn't want to be a high pressure salesperson. You're not going to hear any high pressure sales tactics taught here today. I want to, I want to lay aside that assumption that you have to be a high pressure salesperson or, or do things that that go against what you feel comfortable doing. While business is uncomfortable, yes, you might have to show up and it's not comfortable. It's not going to go against your morals or integrity. In fact, I want to honor that right there that you are a person of integrity. Those are the people that I try to attract, that I hope to attract with my coaching, because that's the type of person that I am. And I don't do business with people that are not that way. And so if you're somebody here, that is not a person of integrity, this is probably not going to help you, you're probably not going to get the results that you were hoping for from this.

[491:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't help people that scam people, I only help people that actually are creating true results for their clients that are creating true impact and doing so not in a manipulative way. Not in a coercive way, not in a way that you intimidate people into buying from you, you scare them so much that they buy from you. No, they say, fear motivates people, you're not gonna hear any of those tactics here about how to scare people into buying from you. You're going to hear how to have as many customers as you want to create the kind of income that you want, whether it be just a few 1000 bucks a month, or 10s, or even hundreds of 1000s a month, we've helped multiple business owners scale half a million dollars a month, $5,000 a month and everywhere in between that you want. But doing so that brings impact that creates raving testimonials, raving fans, people that love what they're they're buying, they love coaching with you, they can't get enough of it because of the results that it's getting in their lives. Because they see the difference between when they started with you to the transformation at the end. And that's why we can boldly sell promise results, you're selling a result to somebody you're selling that end result, that end outcome, that's something somebody is hoping for now, full disclaimer, not everybody that you coach or buys your courses, is going to get that result. It's true. Because at the end of the day, it's up to them to take action, you're not going to hold a gun to anybody's head to hold them accountable. I would recommend against that it's not legal, okay. And so, but you can learn how to be an effective coach that helps hold people accountable, that makes them excited to take action, that makes them excited. And they they offer you a testimony, you don't even have to ask for them. How many of you want that to where people are literally sending you testimonies about how you've changed their life, how you've improved their life, how they have a goal, and you help them bring them to that goal. How many of you want that where people are literally writing you in that you have so many testimonies that you don't even know what to do with. That's what we've experienced. And that's what the clients that I coach and work with experienced as well. That's the type of coaches that I love to work with is the people that are creating transformation. And then what's awesome is teaching them a system to reach as many people as possible. Like I'm not talking just a few 1000 I'm talking reaching millions of people that might scare you that might be outside of your comfort zone. That's okay, that's totally okay. It was outside of my comfort zone. When I got started. In fact, I started in my business. My first job, I was actually a video editor, I was working as a video editor and I and I wanted to make a lot of money to make movies in Hollywood, I actually wasn't thinking I was going to be a coach or a course creator myself, I wanted to at least create content. So content creation was in there, but I wanted to do it for the big screen and Netflix. Netflix wasn't really out back then, when I had that dream, I still have that dream, in fact, is is that in fact, I bring some of that into my methodology that I'm going to show you today that you can use for storytelling, because stories are what sell to people. Stories are what get people to buy from you. Stories are what connects people. And so we're going to go into those deep strategies that you need to find as many people as you want, whether it be millions of people or even just a few 100 Even if you've never cooked somebody before. Even if you've never had a coaching client, how to start coaching and how to grow in your skill set how to become the coach that you want to be and to have the thriving business that you want. You see. It's not a business if you don't have people paying your money. And a lot of coaches they offer their stuff for free or they they are offering it paid, but nobody's buying from them. And, and they want to know how can I break free from this hamster wheel of nobody buying from me? How can I start to actually get people to purchase what I offer? How can I make a full time income off of this? How many of you want to make a full time income off of your coaching and courses? Wait, wait a second. How many of you want to make more than a full time income off of your coaching and courses? Because I need you to start thinking bigger.

[569:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you don't want to make just more than a full time income, you're probably in the wrong place. Because I only know how to help people make a lot of money, I really struggled to help people make a little bit like, like, it's actually hard for me to do that. Either they make zero because they're not taking action, or they see a lot of results. Those are the two levels that I usually work with with people, but it requires them to take action, full disclosure, you're probably not going to get the results that you want out of your business, you're probably not going to get the sales that you want. In fact, most people that I coach with, that I work with, don't make the kind of money that they want. Why is that? Because they don't take action. Because they don't do the work. Because they don't show up. And they they're addicted to gathering information and don't actually apply it. Because it gets stuck in their head with perfectionism. Because they're worried about how they look or they weren't really serious about building their business. And so being perfectly honest, most of you that are here today, that's that's going to be you in a year from now. And is, that's just the case, that's just the reality of business. That's just the reality of coaching, how many of you, that's been your cycle, by the way, but you want to change that. How many of you want to say no more? How many of you are ready to make a commitment, that no more is, the slow and small way of doing things is going to be how you operate. I see a couple people coming in here, you're excited to do this. Some of you you're not commenting yet, maybe you don't know me, maybe you're not quite sure about this, maybe you're just here to listen and observe. So we're going to go over some strategies, we're going to go over what you need to do to start to scale your course or coaching business, what you need to start doing this week that's going to see results, I'm going to show you some tools that we're using that are like Ninja quality tools, and then what we use to bring people in without high pressure sales. So you're going to know how to market how to find people, how to find 1000s of people, by reaching in a pool of millions of people, and then how to close them as clients and customers and students to sell out of your programs, your courses, whatever it is this year. So that's what we're going to talk about here today. How many of you are excited for that? Let me know in the comments. I take a drink of water

[612:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: it takes a vision to do that. And I want to I want to assure you, this is not going to be a three hours of mindset at all. But I do need to get your frame of mind for us to connect in the right place. How many of you can see yourself making 10 times what you currently are in your income right now. In fact, do this for me, close your eyes. Imagine see yourself making 10 times what you are right now. If that's too hard for you, imagine that you're making two times what you are right now in income. What does that feel like? Can you see that? How many of you it's difficult to see it in your head. How many of you are struggling to see it, struggling for it to feel like a reality. And how many of you can see it clearly. Usually one or two people here and neither of them is good or bad. It's just really based off of how you view money, how you view your worth when it comes to people giving you money, and your ability and building a business. And so seeing yourself making 10 times what you want right now 10 times what you are right now. Whatever that number is you can either put it in the comments or write it down on a piece of paper, but I want you to write it down somewhere. I want you to write it down for you and I wanted to be in front of you this whole time while we're talking. Because what it is is, is you have to have a vision in your mind. You have to be able to see yourself doing it, you have to believe that it's possible some say I can do to x, it's hard to do 10x Perfect. To be honest to x is a great goal because it's realistic, right? But I do encourage people, the fastest way to to x, your income, is to actually see yourself making 10x. Because to make 10x, you're going to hit 2x. Anyways. And so it actually becomes easier to see that vision further off. Some of you as well, if it's hard for you to see 10x, ask yourself, why is that? Why is my level of belief? Or why is it hard to see this, maybe you've never experienced that kind of money before, maybe you think it's bad to make that kind of money, maybe you think that it's going to be hard to maybe you think that there's going to be hardship coming. Maybe there's challenges that you feel like you would have to overcome before you get there, that's fine. That's what personal development is all about. And if you're a coach, if you're a course creator, if you're somebody that's already coaching people, you know, this stuff, you know, that people need to have a vision, you have worked with people through this type of stuff. So I'm not going to spend a whole lot of time right here today. But sometimes the coach needs to coach themselves a little bit to start to see a little bit bigger. What always comes up for me is it's going to be stressful and take more time. Yeah, I totally get that. Here's the thing. It's actually easier, less stressful, and takes less time to make 10 to 20 extra income. Because you're able to hire other people to do it, and you're able to delegate and if delegation is something that's scary, then that might be an area of personal growth is why do we Why do I feel like I need to be the one that does everything myself? Right? If you want to grow, if you want to be somebody that reaches that seven figure level, you are going to have to learn to delegate. Okay? If you're somebody who wants to reach six figures, you can reach multiple six figures, about 30 to 40k a month without needing to hire anybody very easily. Once you hit that 30 to 40k a month level, you'll want to learn and grow as a delegator and, and it's and it's, it's gonna be hard. It's not easy, because we have to give up control of our baby, right? We have to let another person do the work, we have to be willing to let them fail. We have to be willing to hold them accountable. And that takes some growth, right. But in the beginning, if you're not somebody that has staff, if you're not somebody that has that, I've done both, you have to first off, hold yourself accountable. And I think this is one of the number one things that course creators and coaches must do is be personally accountable, take personal responsibility for themselves, take personal responsibility for their actions.

[686:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're the only one responsible for how much income your business makes. It's not your clients. It's not your family. It's not your time. It's not your income. It's not your budget. And what I want to show you is how you can scale, a coaching course business without needing to spend a bunch of hours in the day, without needing a massive social media following you don't need a huge social media following. And you don't need a ton of money. Well, we do we do do advertising. And we do advertise to test things out. I have a methodology to where we test things out with only $5 per day in ADS. Okay. It's about 150 bucks a month, you set aside that 150 bucks a month for Facebook ads, and you can test things out in the market to see what works. Once you start making more than that, you start pouring that back in. And so it's self funded. And the only risk that you're taking is about 150 to 300 bucks a month at the most that you could lose. And so and so having that as a starting place, you're able to test stuff out. When I started in the beginning and with any brand, what our goal is, is I want to at least break even in the first month on that 150 $300 budget on a campaign. And so I don't ever want you losing money. There's no reason to lose money when running ads. The only reason that somebody loses money is a they're not in this training right here because honestly, I know some people that are that got results with their ads just by going through a training just like this, a free training just like this. And we're going to talk about why that is we're going to talk about how you can have more effective campaigns, ads, marketing, and start to prequalify people better to be your client to start to bring people in to be your client. Somebody says how do you overcome Facebook and YouTube censorship ads have been tricky for me. We'll talk about that a little bit later. When I take some questions on this, we're overcoming censorship all the time on a number of different products. What it is, is you can't talk directly about those products on those platforms. So you have to bring people into a community where you can say whatever you want, and it's no longer tricky. And that's the type of methodology that we do is we help people build communities of people, where they're a leader in their community, their community buys their courses, and coaching. And they build an online community that they own, the Facebook platforms don't own them, the YouTube platforms don't own them. How many of you heard you need to build an email list, we're going to cover building an email list. Today, we're going to cover overcoming censorship, we're going to cover how you can attract 1000s of people through ads with just five to $10 a day, today, in this, how to find your niche niching down is one of the most important things to do. In fact, the riches are in the niches, you will not make a lot of money by not niching down, what you usually want to do is you want to niche down, and then you can go wider as you prove that niche. So a lot of people say I want to help all these people out here. And then they they struggle to actually attract the right client, because the algorithms, social media, advertising are blocking people with general messages. So by niching, down, you're able to bring your advertising costs down your income up. And then as you get case studies by niche by being niched down, you slowly start to widen your reach. So you can have the impact that you always want. But instead of going wide impact in the beginning, you go niche down and then you get wider later. And that's what we've been able to help people do is we start with a specific area, that we know that we can help people with the perfect offer for the target customer, that's going to help them the right offer that's going to help people get the results that they want. Okay. And so your niche is based off of your offer, your niche is based off of the the the people who they are, I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself right here. Okay. This is what I was going to talk about an hour number two is this stuff right here, okay. But I don't want to get ahead of myself here. Because it's important that we that we build the foundation. And I'm so thankful for all of you that are here for all of you that are live right now. We have people from all over the world that have logged in on multiple we have on YouTube and on Facebook. And so thank you for being here today.

[764:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you for being here today. If you have any questions, as we're going, let me know in the comments, you can post your questions and I will take some of your questions. So discipline, self discipline, self accountability, holding yourself accountable. As a business owner is one of the number one things that I see that limits course creators and coaches and business owners in the beginning from reaching that six figure and even seven figure level. Especially if you left corporate America How many of you have left a corporate job and so you have an expertise in something? How many of you have a hard time doing what you set out to do you get stuck in your head you're overthinking and you you don't actually take action, you have all these ideas, but you're struggling to take action. Okay, so with that you don't have a boss as an entrepreneur that's going to show up and hold you accountable. You might have a coach and if you hire me as a coach, you know, I offer coaching over here on my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com. You can schedule a one hour zoom coaching session with me for $500 or grab 12 hours for 5000 breaks down to right around $416 a session right here I can help hold you accountable. Okay, but it's still up to you to be the one to take action. It's still going to be up to you to be the one that does the work. Okay. Some people say the family limits it that my family's it's a struggle to balance your family. I totally get that and that's real. That struggle is real. You got kids, you got the wife you even got maybe church or or local family, all of that people pulling you in different directions. Boundaries are important. It's important to have healthy boundaries. It's important to say no to some things. It's important to learn how to practice Your ties, in your business, in your life in your personal life, it's important to learn what's important. And so this might be an area where you might have to grow in is you might have to adjust your schedule just a little bit, to start making a couple of social media posts, to upload your ads to create your offers, start to take control of your life and your schedule, to be able to do the things that you've been putting off. See, I know a number of business owners, I don't have kids myself, so I'm just gonna full disclosure here, right? I have multiple businesses that I work with, but a lot of the business owners that I work with, they have three, four kids, and they're building seven figure businesses, they're not neglecting their families, because they have their priorities, right their family is number one, I truly believe you need to have your family be number one, your family needs to be the top priority in your life. In your business, your God above that, I put God above family, right? Then your family. And then I would put your business right underneath that you can maybe put a few close friends, underneath family. But not everybody, right? Maybe a few best friends, that you drop everything for it. See not everybody gets that level of access to you. Not everybody is is allowed to get that level of access to you. And some of you have been giving coaching away for free, not making money. And it's spending a lot of time and you feel like you're gonna have to neglect your family if you start charging for this. Not if we did not appear on this workshop, that's not the type of life that we live. That's not the type of business that we recommend. That's not the type of business that you need to build. In fact, my goal with this is I hope you're going to actually be working less by the end of this, by the end of this three hours here. My goal is that you can see clearly by the end of this, how you're going to start to reach that income goal in your business. And it's not going to be difficult for you inside. It's not going to be a struggle for you to start to reach your goals. That's my goal with this is that if I do nothing, I'm going to give you a blueprint minimum today that you can use right now this week in your business to start to get more customers get more clients, but it starts with up here, my friends.

[844:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: It starts with developing a strong mind. It starts with developing a mind that can accomplish whatever it sets out to do that has vision for the future that can see itself making that kind of money. So I mentioned to you a little bit earlier here about you know, my first my first job I was working as a video editor for a company called Danny Johnson calm was a personal development training company. This is before this I was actually working for a guy named Tom Tom challen. And Tom is a he was a business coach sales coach. And so I was working for him helping him get more customers and clients into his business 18 years ago. What's up Tom? And Danny was working for her getting more customers helping with video marketing, landing pages, web pages, and then I went on to help my mom right here, build her business, a seven figure business reaching over 2 million people and some of you know me through my mom, Sandy Krakowski. What's up, mom? She's amazing. She taught me so many lessons, I'm going to share one of the number one lessons that I got from my mom that I think every course creator needs and it's funny. I've worked with a number of people that are hyper successful at coaching course creation. They're not working a lot of hours at all. And and what they say is this is actually a lesson that my mom taught me is that Done is better than perfect. That getting something done and accomplished and disciplining yourself to, for speed, not overwhelm, not burnout. By the way. We prioritize self care here. We prioritize taking care of yourself. We prioritize taking care of your family, we prioritize doing the right thing. We prioritize living with integrity. But in business, and this is not about that we're not going to be doing those things. You can't have an expectation of perfection. It's not possible in your business to do everything perfect. Done is better than perfect. Good enough. In the course creation business, in the coaching business, for your marketing for how you reach customers, is 1000 million times better than perfection. And this is one of the number one lessons that I learned that I really, truly believe, has made my mom successful. In fact, when I worked for her, here's a funny story. I used to fight my mom on this, this topic, I used to disagree with her. You know, we don't, you don't always agree with your parents, right. And I'm working for her and we're building this business, it's highly successful, but I was a bit of a perfectionist and, and she was like Jeremiah, it's got to be done, the project needs to get out. And I said, but I need another two days on this. She's like, we don't have another two days. And in fact, back then, at that moment, I wasn't too happy about that. I wanted to really make the project perfect to my standards that I had, right. And I was really critical of myself and, and what I wanted it to be and, and I felt good and accomplished. You know, I'm an Enneagram number three MBTI e n TJ, if you guys know what those are right? And, and I wanted to really make it perfect before I put anything out there. I really wanted to get it right. But I realized that I learned through the school of hard knocks. And it was one of the number one things that my mom taught me that made her a multimillionaire. So her business did over $20 million dollars. We're building that we built that business. She built that business, and I worked with her to build that pass the $20 million mark with coaching and courses. And I truly believe the number one thing that made her successful without having a lot of staff without needing to waste a lot of time. And then I have now adopted for my business and I want to pass on to you that will change your life and your ability to be a successful course creator or coach, is that Done is better than perfect? Is that good enough as better than making all the things just right? In your marketing in your courses in your coaching? Your goal is you want to reach as many people as possible. You want to promote your business so that you can have conversations with coaching clients.

[922:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't want to let your desire your need for it to be all perfect. Get in the way of impacting somebody, you know, what if you were meant to impact somebody, and yet you didn't put your course out there till next year, because it wasn't perfect enough. And then you were able you never reach somebody with your message, because you were waiting until it was perfect enough. I see people do this all the time. And that's not something to feel guilty for. Right? That's not something to feel like bad about. In fact, I think it comes from a good place. I think it really does. It comes from a good place. So like I want to I want to validate that for you. Like your your desire for excellence is off the charts. If that's you, your desire to do things excellently is off the charts. My desire to do things excellently for my mom and in her business was off the charts. But it wasn't what we needed at the time. And it's not what your business needs either as a course creator and a coach. Yes, we do things excellently. Yes, we sell high quality products that get results for people. We're not talking about scamming people here, we're not talking about delivering low quality products. And listen, if you're in a different industry, you come from a different industry, maybe construction, or automotive or even programming, security and stability are so important. Perfection if you're just off by a little bit on a car, it could blow up and kill people. A house could come tumbling down on a family. So I get that like there's certain levels of it's got to be perfect for it to be safe, right. And I think that there's a level of integrity that you need to have. There's a level of integrity that you need to show up with. But as a course creator as a coach, when you put stuff out there your marketing, it doesn't have to be perfect. I'm here on a on a little webcam that I got off amazon for 20 bucks. I didn't invest 1000s of dollars in the camera gear $100 mic right here. Some of you saw my my funny shorts I got on I'm here in my office right here. Could I have waited until we had the perfect equipment and all of that to do classes like this? Sure. In fact, that would have been my MO six years ago, would be to wait until it was all perfect to do anything in my business, but is my integrity last because I'm using a $25, camera on on off of Amazon versus a $5,000 6k. Camera? No, the content is here. And that's what I want to share with you, as a course creator, as a coach, your clients care about the connection they make with you, and the results that you bring to them. They don't care about how perfect your marketing is, in fact, they're not going to think any less of you if your marketing is less than perfect. If your your quality of your camera or whatever is less than perfect, they care about the meat of what you're saying. Okay. And so, and we're gonna talk about that as well. Some of you're like, Man, I don't know what content to even make. I don't know how to come up with content. I don't know what to say, I struggle with that, I'm going to help you with that, I'm going to give you a secret ninja trick that's going to help with that here in the next hour. Integrity is important. A spirit of excellence is important. But it's not wisdom to let those things stop you from building your business. And that becomes your excuse to not build anything is because ultimately perfectionism is its insecurity. That's what it is. We're insecure that other people are going to think less of us because we would think less of another person, if they put something else out that way. Ouch. That one stings a little bit. Not all of you are that way, obviously. But I was that way is I was judging other people. And then I would judge myself harshly. And it was a cycle of judgment. And so this judgment was keeping me from building my business because of I didn't want to be judged. I didn't want other people to judge me. And so I was stopping myself from being disciplined to build a business, a coaching business in the course business that could change people's lives. Last year, I didn't show up with teachings like this, even though I could have because I had perfectionism that was inside of me that was stopping me from showing up. And you can't let that stop you. Since I broke past that perfectionism, my business has literally quadrupled.

[1000:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: last like two months, in like incredible. So this is like a number one foundational thing. Don't let that need for everything to be perfect. Don't let the need of for approval from everybody. Be the number one thing that stops you from building your business. As a course creator, as a coach, we got to commit to doing a better job for our people. We got to commit to showing up like the leader that we wish that we had. We got to commit to doing better than the industry. There's a lot of hucksters and scammers out there. People that aren't helping people. And I'm sure there's a lot of people that are helping people don't think I'm saying everybody's that way. I'm going to share with you a few of them here in a little bit that I love that I get teaching from from their courses and their books and stuff that I would recommend the ways that I learned how to do this so that you can go read some of those and listen to them on Audible. But we have to do better for the people that we're coaching. And so we can't find our validation in other people. You're not going to get a client if you're finding your validation and worth in your ability to get clients and your ability to for your Facebook ads to work and your ability to bring transformation to people. Okay. I know that's going really deep here. And this is something that I work with when I coach people is a little bit deeper into some of that identity that your identity isn't tied to your performance. You are not what you do. And that's one of the greatest things that set me free from the prison of performance and perfectionism and needing to do everything perfect. Now I'm not going out there living my life without integrity, being unkind to people being rude, being so somebody that people don't want to be around. But I'm also not living my life worried about what does everybody think about me? Am I doing everything perfect? I'm just living my life and having fun. And I think when you can get to that place where you live your life and have fun, you're going to be able to show up for your clients far better. You're not what you do. That's why you can grow personally. That's why you can can change careers. That's why you can maybe you're not a great coach right now and can become one with practice. But you do have a responsibility to not bleed your wounds out on other people that you're coaching. Somebody needed to hear that some of you have had traumatic things happen to you. You got to make sure that you don't find your healing in your clients. Okay, a coach needs a coach, a coach needs somebody else to hold them accountable. The best coaches have a coach, or a counselor or therapist, somebody that they can bounce stuff off of. And it's usually not going to be your spouse, right? Your spouse, they, they love you in a different way. They love you in a different type of atmosphere. For you to show up for your clients, you have to commit to holding yourself accountable, being disciplined, doing the work, and listen your future clients that are out there, because I believe if you're watching this right now, you've sat here with me for 45 minutes. And I thank you for that. And I honor you for that. That you are you have basically qualified yourself. We have we have right around I think 25 People live across all platforms, which is incredible. We had about 100 people registered for this. So that's a that's actually really good, that that 25% are showing up live. And then usually I have about a probably have another 25% to 30% Watching the recordings. It's about average of what I get on the stuff that we do, because we're attracting the right clients. We're attracting the right people. But you got to be disciplined to show up to do the marketing, to not let what's between your two ears stop you from reaching the potential people that are out there for you. And if you're watching this right now, you're the type of person How do I know you're the type person because you've lived, you've sat here listening to me for 45 minutes. You're the type of person that feels called to impact people with your coaching courses, and wants to find as many people as possible that you can impact.

[1077:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I believe that there's a future that has you with more clients, and you know what to do with. But you have to step into that future. Now, there's not some magical formula for that you're literally stepping in the future by believing it, you got to believe that it's possible, you have to believe that you're good enough, you have to have the level of self esteem that believes that I can. And then here's the magic pill, my friends like this is if people knew this hard work. Taking action, doing the work showing up consistently every single day. And you're more ahead than most people that start as a coach or a course creator. Most people start because they see the riches, the ideas, maybe you see the Lambos and things like that I don't post stuff like that. Or maybe you want to have an impact or something like that. But you have to believe that it's possible for you. Most people who start they never get there, because a they don't believe it's possible. And then B they don't take action. They don't promote themselves. And they're constantly giving away everything for free. We got to cut that out my friends. If you want to have a business you have to sell. You have to get paying customers and clients and students, you have to have people that give you money. Now yes, we do free stuff like this event. I use events like this as the way that I build my email list and connect with people and find more people that that need what I offer. Not all of them are going to take me up on it right. But some might. And so all the I'm doing my responsibility is to show up and present an opportunity for people to do that. And that's what I love doing. I want I have a desire I want to create 1000 millionaire coaches. I said this four years ago when I started this, we've helped create a couple in that time. We've helped Rick Pino multiple seven figures in his coaching. We've helped Giorgio and ban off multiple seven figures with his master classes, using the exact strategies that I'm teaching you today that I'm going to be showing you some of you say I haven't sold yet. I'm trying to learn how to go about it. Another person says if we have a professional degree, can we coach off that? Or do we have to be a certified coach you listen you can coach off of that. Here's something I learned recently. You don't need to be an expert to be a coach. You To be a human communicator, you have to understand how to communicate with people better. Okay? Your coaching isn't about blasting people with your expertise, that's consulting. And that's courses and teaching, your course will be more teaching oriented. When you're coaching, you're connecting, listening and hearing more, and helping others find the solution to themselves. You don't have to be certified, you don't have to have a degree to do this. Now part of that is there's a lot of low quality coaches that are not very good at what they do. So if you want to get some of that training, I highly recommend it. I have a course that I'm releasing here very soon on my website, that's going to help create world class coaches and help mentor people on that it's not going to be out for a couple of months yet at all. But you have to learn how do I find the people that want what I do? How do I reach those people on the internet? How do I find as many people as possible that are looking for the type of coaching that I do through ads through social media and you don't have to do ads. A huge thing that you can do to start with is Instagram reels, and tick tock videos. Instagram reels and tick tock videos are one of the number one places that you can start with. And this is usually where I lose people. Because they're challenged by the idea of oh, I have to make a video. At least minimum one video a day will put you in front of people that want the coaching that you offer for free, the algorithm will show it to them and then you can retarget them with your offers. And over on my website over at Jeremiah Krakowski calm. You know I have some courses over here at my website. If we pull up right here real quick.

[1153:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see we have the menu courses, social media content creation Made Easy, where I walk you through how to create the best social media content, how to create social media content that that resonates with people that people want to engage with. So you never have to ask yourself What should I say again? Okay, and I'm going to give you some of that here today. So this is over at my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. And we have a number of other courses as well as one on one coaching, easy course Creation Blueprint. We have irresistible offers that sell social media ads, that work website building course which walks you through funnels and website building and, and how to connect with people that way. We also have the podcast, over 150 episodes of the Grow Your Life Podcast. 151 is actually one of my clients right here. I interviewed him this week, what's most important for online coaches and course creators. With Rick Pina, we also have ideas for online businesses that you can start transitioning from corporate to employee. So these are how to use artificial intelligence to write everything. These are free trainings right here at my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com. There's over 151 episodes, as well, if you're on YouTube, you can scroll down here, YouTube is going to be one of the best places to find this. Go to my YouTube channel, I have a video a day that I post. Now you don't have to do a video a day like this. This is something that I do just to create a library of content for people. There's so much free content on my YouTube that you can consume, as you can go through that are going to help you. And so if you're a course creator, if you're a coach, this content is totally free for you. Three years worth there's over. There's over a, I think close to 1000 videos on every single topic you could imagine on my YouTube, right here. And so go subscribe to that YouTube channel, you can click the YouTube link, as well. And I think that's really going to help you as far as just free content. The podcast is really going to help you over 150 lessons. And then we have one on one coaching I mentioned that starts at $500 for one session or you can get a package of 12 sessions for 5000 over at my website and then these courses, these individual courses that you can grab right here. Okay. So that's my little plug for that. Are you guys enjoying this right now? Are you guys enjoying this session? Has this been good? We're almost at the top of the hour here. So I didn't want to take some questions from everybody I didn't want to see kind of where you're at and then we're gonna dive into really how do you attract those people? How do you find those people in your business? How do you get people to to become your coaching client become your your course customer and close more sales and get people to buy from you. So if there's any questions, leave them in the chat. Leave them on any platform that you're on you can ask any questions? I see them here are using restream.io for this this has learning a lot I've been checking out the courses Thank you been watching them every day they're very helpful awesome that one was fire but I'm putting it into use I've been learning to use tick tock Yeah, learn to use tick tock it's so important I use this I do the same video on Instagram reels as tick tock and so as well go follow me on tick tock, you can check out those videos as well. They're just short form videos. You know, when you make videos for tick tock and reels, you want them to be about 30 seconds long. No more than that. Okay, everyone communicates few connect by John Maxwell is when I'm sharing the book recommendations these quick videos from the help but they're specifically for course creators and coaches my niche that I work with better than my niche that I coach teaching through your courses. I do Facebook lives every day, but you don't have to do Facebook Lives. More importantly, I would recommend that you make videos on tick tock and Instagram rails, because they're pushing your content out to 1000s of people for free. I do do Facebook Lives, but I'm actually going to start doing even less than less of those making them maybe once or twice a week for Facebook Live Instagram reels and Tik Tok are the number one form and you only need to make a 32nd or a 15 second video

[1233:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: to find organic people that 2000 People watch this organically no ads. And then you're able to retarget all these people with $5 and adds to the offers that you have to your coaching to schedule a call with you. I mean, it's it's incredible. And so I'll do some fun stuff like this, like a trend so I did that one that one's fun business strategies. The single greatest, most effective strategies for increasing your income, is visualize yourself as if you were making 10 times what you are right now even. So I talk about even what I'm sharing today on my content, but it's bite sized chunks. Somebody asked my question is your view count important? Is your view count important? Your view count is only important to you to know what topics people are really wanting, and the type of videos that they're really engaging with the most. Okay, but view count actually doesn't matter at all follower count doesn't matter at all, especially on Tik Tok and, and Instagram reels, because they're going to show it organically to people. Okay. Let's see here. Is it better to look for those who don't know us versus selling to friends and family in the beginning? First Three Years? Yeah, I would do better to look for those that don't know, you. Listen, I don't think your friends and family are going to actually want you to coach them or to teach them because they think they they know you and all of your flaws and all of that and they're not going to have the respect for you, that strangers on the internet well, so you're gonna do much better by finding strangers. And if some of your friends and family see you, that's great as well. But I would recommend not trying to get your friends and family to be your first customers. They just don't respect you the way that people that don't know you will and that's just a reality. Okay. Any other questions here about this that we've been talking about? Otherwise, I'm gonna keep continuing and talking about messaging and how you can optimize your messaging online to find people as well as how we advertise as well as how we reach people. How do we persuade people we close them to buy from us? What is ethical persuasion that is not pushy, or salesy? Let's see another question about reels. I've noticed if I post daily I get less views versus when I post one. So you're actually going to be getting more views overall though. If you post daily, you're going to get less views, like each one views doesn't matter that much as far as. Like, it doesn't matter only it's only for data for you and finding people. So your view count, you're actually going to have more views overall, during the the month, by posting more than by posting less, your goal is not to try to get your videos, a single video to have a ton of views. I want you guys to completely eliminate out of your mind. And your goal is to try to get a ton of views at all. To try to get a ton of followers. It doesn't matter anymore. It doesn't doesn't matter at all. What matters is how can you connect and create conversations to build trust with people that are going to buy from you? Views are a very, very, very small part of that. Okay. Let's see it says, Hi, how do we run ads to reals watchers. So with that, you can go into Facebook and create an audience of all the people that watched your Instagram reels and then target to them. Okay. I show that in my social media ads course. It's considered a video through social media. And I'll show you here just real quick how you do it. You go into the ads manager. And under audience. Literally, this is how fast it is to put your reels and run ads to those people. You create a custom audience of video.

[1311:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you select people that have watched 75% Choose videos. Instagram profile, you go to the Instagram profile that your reels are on. And you can literally select your reels. You create a custom audience called this what however many reels. And you can target those people with those reels. And you can create a look alike audience of them and run ads for your offers to the people that watch your reels. Okay, so your goal is to connect with people, your goal is to to find as many people as possible and build connection, your goal is not view count and like count on social media. Your goal is human to human connection with complete strangers to where they get into your direct messages. And they send you an email and they comment and they share your their life story with you. And they talk about all the stuff that they're going through in their life. And they're sharing their problems with you that your coaching and course solves for people. So views comes absolutely secondary to content that creates connection. Not just conversation, not just engagement. Okay? Not just like connecting with some people, to where they give you a bunch of numbers, your view count, does not matter. And so if you're prioritizing, I'm only gonna post once a week, because I get more views than posting every day. You're missing the entire point of social media completely. Posting multiple times a day. It's about connection with people. It's about trust building. It's about how do I get these people into my ecosystem so that I can have a conversation with them and build trust with them. So that they buy from me so people only ever buy from people that they trust. And nowadays, people's BS meter and scam meter is at an all time high. And I'm going to be super honest with you as a coach as a course creator. If you're running ads, if you're putting social media content out there. Most people are going to assume that you're a scam artist and a con artist, even if you have the best testimonials. They will. And that's by design that's by default. Like you can't change that. You have to actually accept that you're gonna have a lot of haters and a lot of mean people in the social medias as part of doing business because people that don't know you are going to assume who you are based off of the horror stories that they've heard about online coaches and course creators, and then they're gonna project that identity onto you falsely, okay, so you just can't worry about that. Your goal is connection with people your goal is, is finding as many people as possible Do you still recommend to post on Instagram, Facebook five to six times a day. Here's the best recommendation I would do four to five text posts a day. Just Just a second. I'm actually going to talk Before I say this, because I need you to hear this, I need you to get this before I answer this question. Doing what you can, what's in your capacity to do, however many times a day that you can, with a minimum of one post a day. That's bare minimum. And it should not take you more than five minutes to come up with that one post. And I'm going to show you some ways to do that. Here in a sec. Doing what you can every day is better than waiting until everything's perfect, so that you can post five to six times a day, and not posting because you feel like a failure, that you're not able to post as many times a day as you want to, and should, doing what you can is far better than that. And unless, and I know some of you in the beginning, it's gonna be hard to post one time a day. Start with once a week, start there, I want you to start by giving yourself the grace to not do it all. Perfect, and how you should while you're learning. Okay, see, because a lot of people get it stuck in their head of how many times they should, and what an expert recommended that they should do. And then what I see is they never post anything because they're stuck on who they should listen to. But you got to break through all that brain muck. And start being consistent, posting what you can, working your way up to what you should, you should be making a million dollars in your business. But just because you aren't doesn't mean that your identity or value or worth is any less. And then the beginning, you're not going to do everything perfect. It's not going to be how you should. Now let me give you my recommendation of how many times I believe that you should post every day. Okay?

[1392:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's not hurt surgery, you're not gonna kill anybody by only posting once a day, nobody's gonna die because you didn't post seven times a day. And yet, some of you won't post once or twice a day, because somebody said the post seven times. Don't let that get stuck in your head. I would say five text posts on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter a day, one to two graphics across all platforms. Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, three videos on tick tock and Instagram reels. Okay. But some days I'll even do one. If you can, one Facebook Live every couple days. And, and that's how much you should post. But I know that that's hard for a lot of people, right? So start with what you can do minimum, one, tick tock or Instagram real a day? And what is the content about what does the customer want? What do they care about all of your content needs to be based around your, your potential buyers, who the person is, all of your offers need to be built around who your customer is not what you're selling. None of your content should even be related to what you're selling. It should be all about who the other person on the other side of the screen that's going to be buying your content cares about now, are they going to engage with all of that content all the time? Probably not. And that's why I say don't make numbers. So important. Make connection important. Don't make hitting a view count. So important. Don't make trying to hit a certain milestone, and then beating yourself up when you don't do what you can every day with the goal of how can I connect with and create a conversation with a complete stranger that is most likely going to purchase my coaching or courses. And then all of your content is based off of how can you facilitate better human to human connection with those people to hear from them? What you don't know right now. Okay. So how can you hear from them? What you don't know that they want and desire right now? A you ask a lot of questions in your content. You ask people to share with you what their biggest problems are, what their biggest issues are. You ask them, you know, does this relate with you? Now by the way, you might make a post so here's something that I'm going to challenge you with. You may make a post on Instagram rails and tick tock That violates your beliefs. Okay, let me explain this. So you might say, you know, do you ever deal with, like, just being angry all the time that when you never accomplish something, and you maybe have gone through anger management, and so you're not that angry person, but you used to be right? So it would actually go against what you believe that you want to do to even make a post, it's like, are you angry all the time, but you need to validate the issues that you've overcome. I'm gonna I'm gonna do you know, there's there's guys out there that do they help guys who struggle with pornography. Here's a big one. That feeling when when a hot girl goes across your social media? Do you feel the temptation to look see see the guy who does the coaching, he's helping people get out of that. But he wants to connect and relate with the problem that his coaching client deals with, even if it's something that he over has overcame, even if it's something that see because your social media content isn't to validate you. And what you're feeling inside your content is to find the person who's struggling with the problem that you help pull them out of. And so you maybe don't struggle with as a health coach having sugar cravings, or eating unhealthy. But you want to make content that validates and makes people feel good, that do have those problems.

[1467:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is where I think a lot of course creators and coaches mess it when it comes to social media is they they're giving a lot of advice out there. They're sharing a lot of advice. The other thing is, your social media followers are not really going to engage with deep, revelatory content from you. They're not going to, to listen to you sharing deep insights. And you might be like, but I'm listening to you sharing deep insights, right? Now, here's the difference. You registered for an event with me. So you're the cream of the cream of the crop that follows my social media that saw an ad for me, that is committing to setting aside time in your day to learn these concepts. So that's when you go deep with people is when they commit to that I put a lot of my deep content into my podcast, my blog posts, you don't need to have a podcast or a blog, I wouldn't recommend it to most people, till they actually start making more money, I did it in reverse order, and I made the podcast first wouldn't recommend it to most people. But you have to be able to, to validate the beliefs that your target customer is struggling with, to pull them in to the solution that you offer and going deep with people on your social media, they're not going to get it. So that's why you stay surface level on your content. When you say surface level. You don't need to spend more than five minutes to come up with your content. And you think about okay, what are the common three to five problems that I solve as a coach, and then you rotate around those. So for me, I talked about perfectionism, I talked about dealing with haters, I talked about having self confidence, I talked about how you reach customers as a coach, and usually about messaging or running ads, those five different things and I rotate those topics to attract the type of person that I'm trying to reach for my coaching and courses. Okay. So for you, whatever your thing is, you want to create content that validates the problems and the struggles of the person you start with who first not to validate you. That's why we got to grow past self validation. As we got away, we got to grow past feeling like we're not good enough to help people. It's not about you. Your coaching isn't about you feeling good about you. Your courses aren't about you feeling good about you. Now, hear me out. I want you to feel good about you all the time. All the time. You're gonna make more money when you believe in yourself and actually believe I'm incredible. I'm amazing. I'm awesome. And you actually believe that about myself. I believe that about myself that I am awesome and amazing and that people are blessed when they come in contact with me. I wake up in the morning and I have affirmations How many of you have morning affirmations that you say I am abundantly attracting all the resources that I need into my life in business right now. How many of you wake up and go to bed saying that to yourself? If you're not I would start doing that, I would start saying affirmations, I would start believing in yourself. For those of you that struggle to believe in yourself I believe that your self esteem is one of the number one things that dictates the amount of money that you can make. Because if you don't believe that your worth and good enough for people to pay you more money, they're not going to because they're going to see right through that and they're not going to trust you. You know, I mean, here's another deeper one, if you're a people pleaser, and you're always trying to please people and make everybody happy all the time, you're going to struggle in business, because business doesn't always make everybody happy. In fact, it your, you could do all the perfect things in your business. Show up for everybody do all the right things. And still have 5% of people that think that you're the devil, no matter how perfect you do everything. I know people that are like this, there's there's they're literally like, like they're saints. They don't

[1538:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: criticize and judge and speak rudely of people. And they're the kindest, most loving people. And yet, there's people that like they wish harm on them. You're not going to please everybody. You're not going to make everybody happy. You're not going to make everybody like you. Your goal isn't to make everybody like you. Your goal is how can I connect with the person that most likely can benefit from my course or coaching? That can most likely find the result? And how can I find as many of those people as possible, by creating content that they care about that validates the problems that they're already having? And speaks to the vision of the goals that they have in the future? excites them for the future? How can I connect with those people? qualify them as having money to spend with me? Here's a big one. How do you qualify people as having money to spend with you, you don't make it super easy to reach you. You make it very obvious that you charge a lot of money for what you do. You raise your prices, some of you need to raise your prices twice what you're doing right now one of my clients did that. And she started making more just by raising her prices, because you will, you will demonstrate that you're a high quality individual that requires people to pay them a certain amount to work with them. I don't work with people that just want to use me for my time. In the beginning, I was finding my own validation from coaching people and helping people because I felt invalidated myself. And I was dealing with childhood trauma and these issues. And I was replaying with people childhood events, by trying to get validation and getting people to like me all the time. It doesn't work. You're never gonna make everybody like you. And so when you break past those limiting beliefs, and those, those those issues that we we all deal with, we've all had issues. None of us has had a perfect life. Even the most perfect life is riddled with issues. When we can break past those issues. And we make about how can I connect with other people that need what I offer? When I wake up in the morning, I asked myself how can I connect with as many course creators and coaches that deal with the issues that I know how to help them with to make more money. And again, this is not a mindset course, I promise you that. This is not a mindset course, I know some of you are thinking about logging off right now because I've been talking way too much about mindset. And I don't get to the meat and potatoes of it the next five minutes, you're gonna send me a nasty email, that's fine. We'll get to it. You have to believe in yourself in order to make the kind of money that you want to make. You have to believe that it's possible, you have to commit to a life of personal development. If you want to be a successful course creator or coach, you have to commit to showing up as your best self. You have to commit to growing and not finding validation in your coaching. Not doing it just to be liked by other people. See that's called narcissistic coaching. We don't do narcissistic coaching here. Narcissistic coaching finds value in what everybody else thinks about them and making everybody like them, and as often does more harm than good to those that they coach. There's a lot of those coaches out there. I've seen a lot of them. I've met a lot of them. I would recommend that we not be that way. And we not let our personal issues get in the way of finding the people that were meant to work with finding the people that were meant to coach. And it starts with who first, not you. But the individual. Now, here's the thing, the individual that you're going to coach that you're going to track, they may deal with issues that you struggled with in the past. In fact, that's a good thing, because you're going to have stories from experience to tell people, you're not going to be sharing from just theory, especially if you've overcome something, you can literally share with people exactly what you did overcome it. When you're coaching, and just share stories on your social media, you ask questions when you're coaching

[1614:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: to help another person get breakthrough, to help them break past it. And so often in the beginning, you're going to attract people that are like you were years ago might ask yourself, you know, what would you say to yourself 10 years ago, you 10 years ago, the mindset, the knowledge that you have, that's usually your ideal target coaching client in the beginning, because you know you better than anybody else, right, or at similar to family or friends or people that you've helped, then what you're going to end up doing is you're going to end up discovering more and more about these people on the internet. And so you you're going to have to connect with people. To build a business, I connected with you through an advertisement, I connected with you through social media, some of you might have known me, working with my mom, others of you have never heard of me before, which is awesome, we got a, we got a mix of that here a balance of that. And I love that I love meeting new people and finding the people that I can help make more money in their coaching businesses that they so that they can break through the limitations that have been stopping them so that they can scale their coaching business to start to make the kind of money that they want to make. And so now that we've talked about all the mindset stuff, I really feel like that's foundational, the mindset stuff is so important. The strategy always starts with who first? Who is my target customer? Who is my ideal customer who is the person that most likely gets a benefit and an outcome for my coaching and courses, okay? And then how do I find as many of those people as possible 1000s of them. So we're using Facebook ads, and social media content to do this, five to $10 a day running Facebook ads and social media content. And if you head on over to my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Again, there's a few podcast episodes on this topic. If you click on the menu over here, go to Courses, we got social media ads that work right here. All about social media ads. I walk you through even iOS 14 Setting up the conversion API, how to set up all these types of ads to retarget people. We have a ton of great testimonies from people that have gone through this course. Over here at my website, plus all my courses have a 30 day money back guarantee. All right. As well, my new course social media content creation Made Easy walks you through creating social media content so that it leads to sales and you have a community of raving fans. Alright, so those are great resources for you as well. I have a number of free podcast episodes, lessons on my YouTube channel for free about Facebook ads, and about so you can literally just type in Facebook, Jeremiah Krakowski and this will pull up in the search SEO so I break down a lot of these how to get them working right here. Facebook's new name, why your ads aren't working, how to prepare for these changes. So you can look up on YouTube different topics and then put my name after it. And you'll actually find the lessons that I created about these different things right here social media entrepreneur, why you should never build a following on social media. That's a big one. It's all about how numbers versus connection. Right?

[1671:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does your one on one coaching cover all of those topics the big package. My one on one coaching that I have is specifically zoom calls one on one with me. And so this is usually for people that have gone through the different courses. This is just for you by ours on Zoom and we connect with around your business and whatever you want to do during that time whether it be running your ads or your messaging or your marketing or your copy how to connect with people we work over zoom together one on one to do that. That's what that covers Okay, but the courses are still. So what I've done is I bottled up most of my coaching in trainings that are extremely detailed and in depth for you, like how to build offers how to create the perfect offer that connects with your audience. And we're actually going to talk about a lot of this today, creating a perfect offer. This is one of the number one courses that I recommend everybody start with, is irresistible offers that sell, how do you create an offer that grabs people's attention, tell us their future experience. And so when you run ads, your offer has to actually connect with the person that you're reaching, or they won't convert, and you'll lose a lot of money on your ads. So the offer is actually the most important part over the ads as to create buy in and asked to lead them to a sale, right. So part of my funnel is this free class right here helps me attract the right people for my one on one coaching. And my courses, those of you that are here, I connect with by giving these free trainings, by podcast and my content. So I'm living proof of doing exactly what I'm telling you how to do right here, I actually walk you through online events and building events. This is an event that we're doing right here, sometimes we call them challenges, we might even do them for three days or five days, I decided to take a three day event and just condense it into one day. And I'm actually testing that out right here just to see, you know, maybe one or two of you might buy a course from me. And that's when that would be perfect. You know, one of you might become a coaching client. And so that would be a perfect result for me right there. Just testing out this model. But you don't have to buy the courses. If you're on here. What I like you to of course, that'd be great. But you don't need to to get value out of this. All right. Let me see what other questions we have here. Okay, so who first, your offer your social media content. So the social media content, you can organically find the person that wants your coaching. By starting with who first who is the person that is most likely going to benefit from what you offer. And they believe it as well. You know, my goal, by the end of this is I hope that you believe at least plugging into my podcast, that's your you're the type of person that I can help and that you would like to get more help and advice from me. So who first, who is the type of person if you're already connecting with a lot of people, you're 10 times ahead of most people, okay. So if you're already have clients that you're working with your who is the person that are already people that are coming to you, and paying you money. So you want to start with who's already paying you money, if nobody's paying you money, but you're coaching people for free, start there. What are their biggest problems and desires, you make social media content based off of that, and then you create offers that go beyond the surface level. So that's why we said the social media content is the meat right, is that it's not the meat sorry, it's the surface level type of stuff. It's not deep, it's not the deep meat, then what you do is you lead people that engage with the surface level content, because you're attracting the right customer, you lead them to an offer that you have, then that qualifies people to be your coaching client, or your course customer. And so that's what I'm doing right here with this online event. So I have all my social media content, you can find it over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. If you go to Jeremiah krakowski.com, you can find all of my social media channels by scrolling to the bottom, and clicking let's connect on social media. You can see my Facebook and my Instagram and my Twitter. If you're watching this right now and are on a computer, you can go check these out, go check these out, go add me on these different platforms, let's connect, I'd love for you to connect with me on all of these platforms, because at least you'll see one or two pieces of my content every day. You know, you're not going to see all of my content all the time. And neither is your target customer. But as you start seeding the right content, and it matches your target customer and what they care about, then you start to make offers to them. So then that's what that's what an offer is right here. So this free online business growth workshop was an offer that I did.

[1751:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is an offer that people can sign up for right here for this free workshop that's happening today. And I have case studies and testimonials, people that we've helped right here. If you have case studies, you want to use those you want to put them on your offer pages, because that validates, especially when you're running ads. The people that are most likely to work for you so someone asks, can we attract business clients over social Media. Yes. So what happens is when your content is related to what your business clients care about, when your content is related to what your health clients care about are dealing with their problems, when your content is related to what your, your coaching clients deal with your course clients deal with. The algorithm goes out there and finds people on reels and tick tock for free for you. Those are the best ones for organic reach. And you'll reach 1000s of people for free through those. And then as you connect with those people, some of them might direct message you, they might comment to you, you can whether you want to or not DM some of those people, I don't personally DM a whole lot of people on my social media, I rather funnel them into an event like this, and then answer their questions in the comments. And so I try to attract people to events like this. And then that attracts the people who are most likely. So I might have 10s of 1000s on my social media. But then I only have maybe 25 on an event like this, because it funneled down to those that are most likely to be my customer that's going to buy from me. And so that's what you want to do is you want to then you create special events or offers. And I walk you through how to do that, in my course, irresistible offers that sell over at my website, what those offers are, we're going to walk you through a little bit here, creating your perfect offer. So your perfect offer starts with who first. So you have to have offers that you lead people off of social media off of the ads, too. If you don't like you're not just gonna be able to blast them with what you're selling. You haven't built trust yet. So your offer builds that level of buying interest and trust, because you're making a direct offer for the who the person who's most likely to buy from you. Okay, so whatever your whatever you sell, whatever you your coat coaching is, whatever your courses on your offer is based around solving a problem that they have. So what problem do I solve? course creators and coaches that want more clients, customers and students, I can help people do that, and I have a money back guarantee on all of my courses, the 30 day money back guarantee that if it doesn't help them, I give them their money back. And then we go deeper. With coaching together. In the future, I'll have a group coaching program as well. And so in that you're attracting people that are most likely to buy what your offer is. So what makes a good offer? Well, you can either give a freebie away, you can, you can use MailChimp for an opt in form. Somebody just asked to use opt ins to get them on your email list. Yes, so we use an email list software, there's a Klaviyo there's active campaign and MailChimp. Those are like the three main platforms for email lists, MailChimp is free to start with. And so then what we do is we build offers where people have to give us their email address to sign up, you're not gonna connect with people if you're not getting their information, and then giving you your their information. Now a big part of what makes a good offer is you know who first who the customer is? Who is the target customer that most likely is going to buy from you and connect with you and want to work with you. Who is the customer? And what problem do they have that you solve? Then you build an offer around that by making a promise of a solution that you can guide them to.

[1822:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's what I'm doing here today. And then that is how you niche down. So you niche down with your offer by getting more specific about the problems and the psychology and the experiences and what people are going through that you wake with work with. So what I do is I frequently analyze, who is signing up for my free events, who is buying coaching from me? What industries are they in? How should I talk? How should I communicate? And I'm niching down more and more with my messaging based around who that person is. Now this is where a lot of people get hung up is on their messaging. What should I say? What should my offer say? How should I write it and copywriting so copywriting, for those of you that don't know, is the words that are on an offer. So these words that we wrote right here, they describe what the product is. what you sell and your offer are not the same thing. Okay, so I'm selling this product, but My offer is actually this page right here this landing page. My offer to sell my products is this free workshop right here. And so then we write copy here. And all of this is based off of what my past clients and customers have said that they want that they care about, that they need help with. And so I'm literally repeating exactly what the people that I work with, say that they need help with in my offer. So what's the best way to accomplish that? By talking to more people, you need to have a feedback loop going. Your social media is one of the first places to do this, by having people tell you what their problems are, what they're struggling with, what they need help with. Email, they'll email you their problems, they'll direct message you. I used to do free calls with people where people could fill out a form on Calendly comm and schedule a free call with me, I don't do those anymore. I don't recommend it unless you're just starting out in your business to do free calls. But then what I did was I took what are all the problems that these free call people have. And then I made content around what they told me and all of my offers was based off of what these people told me now there's a really cool tool that helps write your offers for you. It's called Jasper. So Jasper was called Jarvis. For those of you that see me mentioned Jarvis. And it's an artificial intelligence app that writes your offers your copy your social media content, your emails, your blog posts, all of that for you with artificial intelligence. And so I use Jasper to write all of our copy and to create all of our offers. And to come up with how do we describe these offers to people based off the target customer. And so they have like onyx and gall here multimillionaire copywriter, email marketing expert, a ton of experts are promoting this, I highly recommend it, I use it for everything. That's exactly what it is. It's an artificial intelligence copilot. So you still have to massage it and adjust what the AI says. And so I'm actually going to show you how it works here. Live and there's a free trial that I have, if you go to my Instagram, you can find a link to the free trial by clicking the link tree on my Instagram. It's right here free trial of Jarvis AI, I should probably renamed that to say, Jasper. And I'm also going to post the link into the comments here for the free trial. It's my affiliate link right there. I'm also going to put it into our our group right here into the Grow Your Life Community. Is it useful for church faith based content? Or does it water it down? It's extremely useful for church or faith based content, because it goes based off of the info that you give it. We use it for all of our church and faith based content to come up with some of the best information, social media posts all of that, and marketing. Okay, so I'm going to show you how to use this here. Here's how it works. Give me an offer a target customer. What's a problem that you solve? Who is your customer? And how do you help them? And we start there and we tell the AI to write an offer for these people? What is what is your business? What's a business? If nobody gives me one in the comments? We're actually gonna write some of your copy for you right here. Which is awesome. If you have an offer already, you can leave it in the in the chat as well. I will just rewrite your offer that you already have on your page. So is this helping you anything in French? I'm not sure how it does language translation.

[1902:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you could write it in English and translate it yourself. Women who are fighting for their marriage. Okay, awesome. This is a good one, um, coaching program for women who are fighting for their marriage and what is the problem that they have in their marriage. So that's a big one, we need it, we need to have a problem here. To start. We have to start with who the person is and what their problem is. So you have to know what that is. If you don't know what that is, my friends, your social media content, you need to connect with more people need to actually have more conversations with other people. Okay. So what is one of the problems that they're fighting for in their marriage, specifically, communicating, fighting for their marriage because of communication issues with their husbands? Okay. Um, with their husbands while their husband is cheating, there we go. Okay. So that's a big one right there. That's a target customer. Basically you want to find women they don't trust trust their husbands. Okay, so we're gonna use what's called a recipe here. I mean, that's it. That's a, that's very specific to a type of issue. A woman who there's infidelity in the marriage, there's no trust. They struggled to communicate. They don't know how to forgive. Okay, perfect. How to forgive. See. So now this is getting to some of the meat of it specifically if you teach how to forgive that type of thing right there. Okay. So the more specific that you get with the issue, not just single words like finance, communicating, what are they struggling to communicate with? What financial problems are they having? Right? You got to get specific, you got to get really specific, the more specific you are, the better it is. Okay. Idea Factory for well, actually, let's do this. Give us a name for this coaching program. So the AI is going to actually give us a name for it. Coaching program called fighting for your marriage. Perfect. We'll call it that Idea Factory for fighting for your marriage. All right. Great fighting for your marriage coaching program, the content should be very perfect. She has the potential buyer coaching program for women who are fighting. Yep, perfect. All right. So that's the description right there. So now all of this is going to be based off of this information right here that we're feeding it. Okay, so you do have to do a little bit of due diligence, right? Whatever your business is, you need to at least know that. How many of you know that? How many of you are struggling with that? That's one of the best places to start is to get really specific about that. You're going to know it more by talking to people by hearing feedback, or what did you struggle with? Alright, so write some headlines for the above. actually turn this around, it's actually flipped. Alright, here's some headlines. Don't give up on your marriage without giving our coaching program a try. How to get your marriage back with this powerful coaching program, fight for your marriage and win. So those are some headlines. Let's see some more. So we're headlines. We're actually commanding the artificial intelligence on how to write this. So this is sometimes where it makes a mistake right there, right? Is that right? Some funny headlines, it's not perfect. But how to know you're ready for marriage 11 signs ready for marriage how to prepare for? That's about getting married. So I'm not sure that that's what we want. Getting your marriage back. I'm drowning in debt when i Okay. Write some short skeptical questions from the above. What if my husband never changes how I know this program works where the qualifications of this coach, other statistics for the success rate right a value proposition for the above where the only coaching program that's okay, that's a big promise. It's effective for women are fighting for their marriage because of communication issues. While their husband is cheating. They don't trust their husbands. He said we are the best coaching program for women struggling with infidelity in their marriage. So that's your value proposition is is based off of some of that. What does this coaching program do? That's a big question that you might want to answer is, is so they learn how to communicate, rebuild trust and get their marriage back. Okay.

[1983:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Problem agitate solution, that's pa s. If some of you don't understand about writing some of this copy, by the way, you can go to jasper.ai. And they have they have training for free right here. He's live trainings at the bottom of their site. They have a web copy course about writing sales copy, and so that'll help you really understand about writing the copy. So P is his problem agitate solution. You're fighting for your marriage, but don't know how to make it work. Your husband is cheating on you and you don't trust him. You don't know how to fix the communication issues. Our powerful coaching program can help you get your marriage back with experienced coaches that are there to learn. experienced coaches you'll learn how to rebuild trust, communicate effectively. Get your marriage back on track, don't give up without trying our program first. All right now we're going to write an ad which has an attention interest desire action. Are you struggling in your marriage? Our coaching program can help you rebuild your marriage are experienced coaches help you rebuild trust, communicate effectively and get your marriage back. Don't give up without trying At first, you're fighting for your marriage, but don't know how to make it work. Write a feature benefit. You'll learn how to rebuild trust, rebuild relationship, you always dreamed of what are the skills that you want to keep your marriage strong for years, right the emotions that a customer feels after buying, they will feel relief and happiness after buying the program, they'll feel like they finally found a solution to their problems. They're excited to start the program, they'll hope that there's hope for them. They're hopeful, there'll be an answer to their prayers and their marriage will be saved. And then a fictional story about somebody who writes that I was drowning in debt. When I met my husband, we were so happy. But then he started cheating on me and I didn't know what to do. I felt like I was losing everything I loved. I was about to give up. When I heard about the fighting for your marriage coaching program, I decided to give it a try as best as in my life. When I learn how to do how to communicate better get our marriage back, and work effectively, we are no happier than ever. So we started with that baseline info of who the person is and what their problem was. And we got down to some of this copy that describes that. Okay, so this uses the artificial intelligence to do that. Now what you can do is this, this is where it gets really fun, right? The perfect headline for this coaching program, based off of all that info. How to get your marriage, fight for your marriage and win, get your marriage back? No, right, the perfect landing page headline. Don't give up on your marriage without giving our coaching a try. Write a Facebook ad for the above coaching program. Are you struggling with your marriage, our coaching program can help you get it on track. Don't give up without trying at first you're fighting for your marriage, but don't know how to make it work. Okay. Some of the things that you will learn, you will learn how to rebuild trust with your husband, you'll learn how to communicate more effectively, you'll rebuild your relationship, you don't want to repeat things like getting it on track, you're rebuilding your relationship that you always wanted and dreamed of, and you'll learn the skills that can help you do so. So that becomes an ad that you can run. And that's copy that you could actually copy right here and start to use. Now here's what's really cool. And then you can take this information and say write a social media post about the issue above. Okay, so that didn't work. Write a blog post outline for the coaching program.

[2045:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Write some blog post titles that work for the type of person mentioned above. How to rebuild trust in your marriage, okay, how to get your marriage on track the benefits of our powerful coaching. So these two right here, you can use for social media content, how to rebuild trust in your marriage. So now this is a whole other topic right here, we can go to another template called the blog post. tool. And so write a brief for the topic of how to rebuild trust in your marriage. Write an article on how trust is essential for a marriage to succeed. When it's broken. It's difficult to rebuild, but it's not impossible with a few tips. Alright, write some blog title ideas. The importance of trust in marriage. Okay. Right and introduction. So now this is where it gets fun. You could literally base your social media content off of what this is writing for you. Trust Him. So I wrote down right here trusted marriage is the backbone of a successful relationship. When trust is broken, it's hard to get it off on track. Here's some tips. How to find out if you've lost or have lost or broken trust in your marriage. What are the signs that you need rebuilding and how important is honesty? The importance of honesty in repairing a marriage? Then it can write a blog outline okay

[2073:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: what are the signs that you need rebuild rebuilding trust, then we can tell it right about one of the signs that you need work rebuilding trust and the AI goes based off of the information that's at the top of the site. And what's on the sidebar here. When you suspect it's broken, it might it's important to look for the science to determine if it's the case or not. Some of the signs you need are feeling as though yourself keeping secrets, not feeling as close to your spouse wants to becoming more critical, having a difficult time trusting. So see this, these are ideas for social media content and blog posts and offers that you can create. So like right out of here, what I would do is I create this. And then I think of like a name for an offer, you know, these are even great ideas. Right, the name for a free opt in off of the above. One way to rebuild trust is to participate in trust building activity, and that's not quite right. So I would do you know, are you feeling as if your spouse is keeping secrets? See, that's really good copyright there. Because that really resonates with the type of person that you're working with. Okay. I like the concept, but the wording, Eastern religion, I'm not quite sure what you're talking about. You can base this off of. So this was based off of just the info that it gives us, right. But you can feed it any information that you want, based off of what you write, and you can edit it and do stuff like that. Okay. So this is an incredible tool, I use it for all of our copy for our offers. Your goal is you want to connect with the people that are most likely needing the help that you offer. And so you can create offers, which again, I teach you how to do in my irresistible offers that sell course. So we just put together a few offers his his his, you want to maybe offer some mental support, initially, whatever the main thing, so how do you help somebody? Right? That is that is dealing with the issue of infidelity. What's an offer that you can offer them. So check out Jasper, check it out. The link to the free trial, I gave you that as well. And I use it to write everything our emails, our blog posts are our content, you can get 10,000 words free, just to try it out right here. So this is going to be invaluable to you. As far as putting together your offers your copy, how you connect, how you communicate with people, how you attract the right person who is most likely going to work with you how you find the person is you figure out okay, who first you build an offer. And then you write copy that attracts those people to you. Okay, so then you're getting them on your email list. You're getting them on your your, your social media, you make your social media posts based around the content of who first So are you guys getting this? Are you understanding this? It's the same thing, whether you want to get traffic to a website or Shopify or anything. But if you're a course creator, or a coach, this is specifically for those that want to be profitable course creators or coaches. This is the process that we're using right now to build seven figure offers, right? This is the process that we're using to attract and build million dollar coaching programs is this process right here? Okay, so that's how you attract those people, then you can go run ads through the ads manager, to your offer. And it will find as many of those people as possible on social media through what's called a look alike audience. Okay. So look alike, audiences are really, really cool. I found everybody on this through a look alike audience. And it got me the best lead cost. So a look alike audience is based off of who's engaging on my social media, who's visiting my website, and you can actually program in whether it be your reels, whether it be them just visiting a web page. So whether they, they they land on a page, you're able to build an audience of people.

[2147:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: capture those people. And then you create a look alike audience on Facebook and Instagram. Let's say anybody who checked out this FREE program right here, so I click the checkmark here, I'll click these three dots. I'm in the ads manager right here. Sorry, my screen wasn't shared. I'm in the ads manager right here. This is exactly how we're running ads. This is exactly how we're getting people to our offers, which is five to $10 a day and I walk you through how to do this with irresistible offers that sell and my course social media ads that work over on my website. Okay, and you can build these offers on a Squarespace site. My course website building Made Easy, shows you how to build offers on a Squarespace site. You don't need an expensive Clickfunnels account. You can just get Get a an account with Squarespace for 19 bucks a month. So on my website on my offer, I captured anybody who visited this free training checked it out. And I'm able to click on these three dots right here and click Create look alike audience. And I usually go to 5%. And I select the three countries United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom. And so the look alike audience is going to find me 19 million people, similar to those that engaged with this offer. So in the beginning, you can use your social media content to build a look alike audience. And then you can promote your content and your offers to those people, or retarget, those that already visited your organic content. But then what you do is you create a look alike audience, these are 19 million complete strangers through the social media platform that we're then able to target a new offer to. So then what I will do is, in a week or so I'm probably going to do a three day event. Similar to this, and I'm going to target the look alike audience right here based off of those that registered for this event, and exclude anybody who already registered, basically, I'm gonna talk about all the same stuff, right. So that's how I'm finding more of these people. That's how I'm finding new people. Okay. And then what I do is I send people to the offer, the cost that we look for is under $3. Okay, sometimes under $5. In the beginning, as you optimize your offer, though, we have an offer that's making us over $30 per lead. So we can spend up to $30, if we just want to break even and scale. But what we're getting is we're getting leads for right around $10. And it's a 3x on the adspend. So it costs $10, a lead, but we're making $30. For every lead, you do the math on that, you get 1000 leads at $10, it's $10,000. Put that on a credit card, you make 30,000, the next week in sales, and you pay off that credit card, and now you have 30,000 And you just tripled your money through the ads. By doing that. Some of you might not have 10,000 on your credit card, that's fine. Start with, again, five to $10 a day, whatever you can afford to lose, you want to start with five to $10 a day is kind of the minimum cost per entry for running ads. And you can build these audiences off of that, okay. And so but then over time, so you might say, well, I don't have $10,000, the you're only out the $10,000, when you have a proven offer for a few days. So that's why I like using a credit card, and then you pay it off right away. Okay, so that's what I do with this is I put all the ads on a credit card, and I'll pay it off next week off of any sales that come from this, okay. And so that's how you're able to do that. So you don't lose money, you actually make money. And then you're able to fund reaching more people that way with your offers with your ads. And it doesn't have to cost you anything in the beginning. or very little five to $10 a day. It's very little. I think any of us can forego Starbucks or something. Listen, if you want to be serious about scaling this, this training was called scaling your coaching or course business. Scale scaling means making it bigger. If you're serious about doing that, you're going to have to start running ads to find and reach new people. Okay. In the beginning, though, reels and Tik Tok are a great way to reach people for free. So bare minimum if you don't have a lot of money or any money, start with reels and tick tock videos. Don't spend longer than five minutes coming up with what you're going to say.

[2225:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don't spend longer than five minutes coming up with what your social media post is. Stop overthinking it, it doesn't matter that much. It really doesn't. People are not going to dislike well, they will. Some of them might dislike you, but people are not going you're not going to lose people that were potential customers because of this, okay. The other thing too is this, I want to tell you, you want people to reject you, as a coach as a course creator. Okay. You do. You want people to not be your customer. You want people to not work with you that are not meant to work with you. Rejection is a good thing. If rejection scares you, that's an area of personal development to grow it because you're going to be rejected by most of the people. You're not not a good fit for everybody, you're not Cheetos. Not everybody likes Cheetos, even if you're not water, you're not meant for everybody that's thirsty to work with you. I mean that, truly. And so stop trying to be, you want to niche down specifically to who you can best help, who you can best serve, okay? And then in your content, how do you put an offer on there, you can put it in your bio, you can put a link to your offer. You can tell people in your reel or tick tock, go click the link for an offer on how to XYZ how to solve this problem that you have. Whatever the problem is that you solve. Okay, does that make sense? Somebody said, how do you reach business clients? It's the words that you say. It's the copy that you write. It's the messaging that you use. You start with who first? Who is the business client that I most likely help? What do they want? What problem do they have, and you build offers and content around that. And then you start advertising. Once you start proving your offer, organically through reels and tick tock and your blog. Blogging is another way to do that you can do organically as if you understand SEO. With blogging, Jarvis actually uses a tool called surfer SEO, that you can plug into Jarvis and it lets the AI writes SEO optimized content to attract customers for free for you to your business. So like for instance, this is an SEO optimized blog post that I wrote all about how to overcome perfectionism because most of the clients that I work with in business deal with perfectionism. So it's an SEO optimized blog posts that Jarvis helped me right right here on that topic. I remember blog post perfectionism or podcast perfectionism, versus a spirit of excellence. And so the messaging by you validating the problems that your business clients have, that your health clients have, that's your coaching clients, or potential clients, have you attract them, because they say, Wow, that person understands what I'm dealing with. This person understands what I'm going through, and they can help me solve this problem. Okay. On a real or tick tock, how do you put yep, I answered that. What's considered a good lead cost? Yep. I know, a lot goes into the equation, but I haven't run ads in a while. And I'm gearing up for an event soon. Trust is important. Building trust. there's any other questions before we go into the next segment? Let me know. I'll take some questions here. Real quick. Post them in the comments. Let me know. We're going to start talking about how do you after you attract the person after you bring them in through your social media content? Or running ads? How do you then get them to give you money? Right? And that's what we're going to talk about this next hour, is how do you get people to actually give you money? Because you can attract a lot of people. But if you're not getting money from them, it doesn't matter. It's worthless, right? You're actually not able to help the people that you're meant to help. If you're not getting money from people. I want you to understand that that money is a huge part of this. Doesn't look like there's any any questions right now. So I'm going to keep going forward on this. Just keep posting questions while we're talking. I'll answer them as well. I wanted to let you know if you're watching this right now, I'm going to post an announcement. And I haven't even made the graphic for it yet. I have to do that. You know, we make graphics we use canva.com. It's a free app to make graphics. So I'm going to go in here into my graphics.

[2305:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm doing a bonus q&a tomorrow. Okay. At what at? Let me check my calendar when it is I'm gonna have to check my calendar when the bonus q&a is but you're going to get an email for when it is alright. So I'm doing a bonus q&a for one hour tomorrow where I just answer your questions. And I'm also doing a bonus q&a Next Tuesday the 22nd. So if you got questions if you watch this, maybe you'll watch the replay. Maybe you're watching through the replay. You can jump in live on Thursday, February 16 or Tuesday, February 22. And yeah, it looks like I'm gonna do one o'clock Same time tomorrow. We're gonna do one o'clock tomorrow and Then on next week, Tuesday, we're going to do one o'clock as well. Okay, so keep that in mind. I just put it in my calendar. One o'clock tomorrow, Central Standard Time. Yep. Bonus q&a sessions at 1pm, central Tuesday or Thursday, February 16. And Tuesday, February 22. All right, all right.

[2333:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we'll be able to dive deep and answer your questions, you'll be able to go back through this, maybe take some more notes, those of you that are on here live. You guys like in this? You've been on here for two hours with me. So I hope I hope that you're liking this, I hope this is helping you. And this next section is going to help you even more on how to sell. And again, I know we talked about sell is is it's it's kind of a dirty word. To coaches and course creators, we don't like the idea of selling. We don't like the idea of selling our programs, we don't like the idea, we like the idea of making money, right? We like the idea of the money coming in. But the idea of selling we want to help people, we want to have impact. Here's one thing I want to say to you, you don't need to be an expert marketer, I should have started off with this. Make a note of that next time. You don't need to be an expert marketer. And you don't need to be an expert salesperson to have a thriving coaching and course business. You just don't. That's why I love it is that it has the lowest cost of entry for people wanting to start a business and it's a legitimate business. It's a real business like it can grow, you can have staff and it can run itself. And you can even sell it as an asset. Like it's a legitimate business. It's incredible. It's one of the one of the few businesses that anybody can start and, and make a lot of money and without any startup cost. That's why it's the number one that I recommend to people. But the idea of selling Listen, your goal is you want to you want to get really good at impacting people, coaching people, coaching them up, raising them up to your level, helping them and not your level beyond their level. That's the other thing, not raising people up to your level, beyond your level, because here's the thing, the good coaches raise people beyond where they're at. And they can coach people that are further ahead than them. I have coaching clients that are more successful in business than I am, by the way. They're more successful in business, financially than I am, but I'm coaching them on an area of my expertise. I actually worked with a billionaire this summer, I'm not in the B. I'm not a billionaire. And I was able to work with him as an expert in marketing, and messaging to reach customers for a coaching program online. Okay, let's see, well, why did a billionaire want to do a coaching program? Well, he wanted, he really was focused on impact. He didn't even his goal wasn't to make a lot of money. His goal wasn't to make any money. In fact, he gave it all away any money that came in. And so with that, it was an impact driven idea. But he knew that people had to invest in order to take it seriously. And that's one of the things that I want to share with you is that as a coach, as a course creator, people don't take seriously what they don't pay for. I don't expect you to take any of what I'm saying today very seriously, because you didn't invest anything into it other than your time. Now, you might take it seriously, because of the time that you invested in, right. You might take it seriously because of the energy that you put into watching and consuming and applying something. But the majority of people that you reach the majority of people that sign up for a workshop like this, are not going to sit through it. I told you there's over 100 people that registered, we're slowly losing people as the hours go on. That's normal. That's part of it. That's a part of it. It's normal. But those of you that have stuck with that are here with me. We can really get into the meat and potatoes because I realized listen while you might not be super comfortable with the idea of sales and selling. You want to make a lot of money as a course creator as a coach and get people in and an impact them while doing it full time and thriving. Not just a full time income, but making a ridiculous amount of money. How many of you can say yes to that. If you're watching me you're two hours in that I believe that that's you. You're my type of person. You're the type of person that that could probably outwork me even some days. And it's not about who works the most amount of hours, but how effective is our time? How effective is the work that we do? You see, I don't want you burning yourself out, I don't want you working a ton of hours in your business. I don't want you becoming a workaholic. Now, if you love working, I love working personally. It's fun for me.

[2407:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's very enjoyable. And when you can coach people, you really love it, it's really fun. So that's you, like, work as much as you can and want to, but work as little as you want to as well, really, I mean that. And I believe that, that if you learn to scale, your coaching and course business, you can work as little or as much as you want to, you don't have to work a ton of hours, you don't need to invest a ton of money. Especially once you're making the money, you're not investing a ton of money. You're you're you're literally multiplying your money, your risk starts to go way down in the beginning and there is a risk, there's a risk, absolutely. But your risks have to go way down, the more you do it. The more you show up, somebody asked is doing a sample free coaching topic video recording good for your website, or is a live event like this more effective. So for me, I do that as far as with my podcast, my social media content, my live content, I got free content everywhere. So I'm kind of showcasing what I do. And my topics on these different ways. These events are actually one of the best ways to get people on your email list. To qualify people as potential clients to connect with and hear what the problems are that they're dealing with are. So the questions that you're giving me, are helping me with my content over the coming weeks. Okay, this content right here, I actually plan on taking this recording, and it's going to become my first book, I'm gonna have a book that people can read, I'm gonna have Jarvis, I'm gonna get it transcribed. With otter AI, I'm gonna have this content that I'm sharing with you be the book, okay. And I'm going to edit it. So I'm going to get the the AI this otter AI app to transcribe it, then we're going to edit it with Jarvis. And it's going to become a book on Amazon and audible that you'll be able to listen to and by the cover, mostly all the same stuff that we're covering here today, because the content that I want to give to as many people as possible. And I think a book is a great way both to establish my credibility, establish my authority to demonstrate what I do for people. And it's just really kind of cool to have a book, right, you know what I mean. And so you don't need to understand a lot of technology to do this stuff, though. A lot of it is all pointing click, a lot of it is all extremely simple. You just upload a video file off of your cell phone, and it transcribes it. And then Jarvis writes it for you. A lot of the content, a lot of the techie stuff is so much easier now 10 years ago, you had to have a lot of technical knowledge. Now, if you can use Facebook, if you can use Microsoft Word, you can successfully build a multimillion dollar coaching business, you really can. Because the tools are just as easy to use as those you're not going to have a huge learning curve on any of the stuff that I share with you. In my courses, I actually break down and walk you through how to use the different tools. Let's go into the members area here of my my courses see we go. Let's go into the members area. So here's the courses that I have. So I'll actually walk you through with my screen share, just like we're doing right here. In my courses, plus you get a PDF right here that you can read through. I don't write the PDFs anymore. But this breaks down building your perfect offer. And then right here we break down how to build your offer, how to structure it I walk you through building building an offer. I share my screen where it's necessary. Finding your Profit Mechanism the type of offers copywriting lead magnets, challenges courses, high ticket coaching, network marketing, e commerce storytelling.

[2479:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right here as well. I use Thinkific for my to host my courses. I use Squarespace for my website, think of it to host the courses. So this is the social media ads course. So this has a lot of screen sharing in it, where I walk you through very slowly. All the different little things to set up in the Facebook Ads Manager how to get it all working. Plus, there's updates hasn't changed much in the last year. So these are updated about six months ago, is the latest and greatest info, there's three update lessons, right here for you, and videos that walk you through a lot of the updated ways to set up things so that you can know exactly how to do it. So yeah, so Thinkific is what I use, I like it because it's one of the most cost effective. As far as pricing goes Kajabi is the best. But I want to challenge you here on something, okay. The tools that you use don't really matter very much. They really don't, they all kind of do the same things these days. The tools that you use, they all do the same things. Whether it be Thinkific, or Kajabi, which is a lot more expensive than giving and Kajabi or my favorite tools, I would just go based off your budget really start with the basics or even the free level. But what really matters is not the tool, but how you use it. And what can you use simply and easily. I think a lot of people overwhelm themselves because of a lack of technical expertise on things. Because they, they think that they have to be an expert on all of these technical tools. And they actually overwhelm themselves by trying to learn way too much about what to do and how to do it. And instead of just what can I simply take action on that I understand. For some of you, you can actually sell your courses, I'm dead serious here, you can sell a course my friends with MailChimp, and a Google Doc and the Google doc has links to private YouTube videos, or or or a Google Drive where they can download the videos, you see what I'm saying? Like don't over your your clients care about the content, not the way it was delivered to them. Don't overwhelm yourself with technology tools. You know, we use a tool called Hopper HQ to schedule content out. But don't overwhelm yourself about, oh, I need to learn this tool and that tool and I can't start my business until I learn the tool. Don't be so caught up in learning everything that you're not connecting with people and building your business. That's you're not promoting your business that's you're not selling to people. That's you're not finding new customers every single day, that you're not connecting with people your goal to be a successful course creator and coaches, how can I connect with potential people and find as many of those people as possible and work with them and your coaching program could be literally what's a good alternative to Google Doc? I'm not too sure Google Docs is free to anybody. Um, you could send them a Word document or something like that, as well. You? I'm not sure why you would. What's your reason for wanting to use a different thing than a Google Doc? Really? I mean, that's a it's an important question. Um, my only problem is really being is being really really perfectionist. Well, we talked about that in the beginning here. Yeah, Dropbox. That's great. Well, you can't let perfectionism stop you from being successful. Good enough is better than perfect. Be a perfectionist and stay broke. That's, that's basically what you're choosing. If you're a perfectionist, you are choosing to never be successful. As a course creator and a coach. You're choosing to never be successful. Listen, Google Docs is probably not going to censor you to be honest. Use but yeah, you can use something else. You can use sendowl You can use a number of these different platforms. If you're delivering paid content, they're their YouTube and all that yeah, they censor

[2553:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can't let perfectionism stop you from being successful. Somebody just asked is this really alive? Yes, it is trade from anywhere. can ask a question. Perfectionism will be the number one thing that hinders you from reaching the people that you're supposed to work with it will perfectionism, you will talk yourself out of doing the very things that you need to, to work with people because of your need for validation to be liked, for people to, to want to work with you for what they think about you, by letting your insecurity keep you in perfectionism. Because that's all it is. That's all perfectionism is it's insecurity. Because you're worried that if it's not perfect, something's gonna happen bad, somebody is going to say something to me, and I'm not going to get the result that I want. Give up that level of control in your life. If you want to be successful as a course creator, or coach, give up that level of control of needing things to go your way for your happiness. And that might be an area for personal growth to grow through. For me, I had to work with a therapist, I had to get, get an account over at better help calm and I had to talk through these issues that were related to childhood trauma, I was afraid of everything going horrible in my life, I didn't do everything perfectly. And so perfectionism, if that's you, somebody in the comments of that they're struggling with perfectionism, you have to work through not letting that stop you or you will waste a lot of money trying to build your business, while also being a perfectionist. Okay. Let's see, somebody just asked. I have a course created. Should I use a lot of video or more written lectures, I would use mostly video, video works great Vimeo videos mixed with PDFs works. Yeah, exactly. Platforms like Thinkific comm put all of those pieces together for you. But this is what I this is what I'm trying to say, don't let your lack of technical expertise be the reason that you're not going to build your business. When you have simple, easy tools, you could literally have a PDF that you host on Google Docs, that you send a link to somebody that's password protected. So they're not going to sit again they're not going to censor you on that. If it's in a Google Documents password protected, that the chances of that are so low and if they do you just move to another platform. It's no it's no benefit complaining about like what isn't going our way, and how we want it to be and instead, figure out how can I make this work for me? That's one of my my biggest adages that I say to people and that I that I save for my life and that I teach people. Always focusing on what's not going how you want it to, will constantly lead to you experiencing nothing going your way. Instead focus on what can I do? What can I build? What can I accomplish? How can I create the result that I want today? And things not going your way is perfectly fine. Except what's not going your way. Learn to accept that you don't have control over everything in your life. Especially your coaching clients this is a huge thing. Acceptance is a big part of being an effective coach. Because if you can't accept somebody not doing what you say you will actually be an abusive coach you will actually miss treat people in an effort to try to force and make them do what you think is best for them as a coach. I do not support that. I support tough love I support speaking truth but I don't support bullying people into doing what we want, even if it's good for them. So I'm out I am using teachable how is the gift compared teachable is great too. I've never used it but it's pretty much similar. Not a big fan of Sam cart. I'm not a big fan of anything related to Sam cart for reasons that I don't want to say on this video. I just don't. I don't like them. Click Funnels is awesome for marketing. It's very expensive. I like Thinkific and Squarespace because they're the most cost effective and easiest to use. I want to blow this out of the water. I've done 50 million online and product sales. That's awesome, man. Dude.

[2632:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's incredible. 51 of the comments coming in on YouTube. He's a 50 million in online sales like what a boss man? Awesome. I don't have a marketing list. So yes, you build a marketing list. If you're just logging on on this video, go back and watch through what we've been talking about. We've been talking about all of these topics as well I have courses over on my website over at Jeremiah Krakowski calm now walk you through building In your offer, we talked about Jasper using Jasper to write your copy. To write all your sales copy. It's artificial intelligence, the right sales copy for you. And I have a free trial of Jasper right here. Now you're good. Yeah, reading your copy with Jasper. And then we have courses over my website right here. I'm all about creating your offers running ads, all of that. And so that's how you can build an email list and start to do all of that. So how do you sell to these people, once you build an email list? Well, obviously you have a platform, right? I'm not going to go into the technical side of that here. Because listen, setting up your platforms, setting up your website, setting up all the technical, Yahoo, and Yahoo, and all this stuff. And all the websites and knobs and buttons and all that it does nothing. Building your offer does nothing running ads does nothing. running ads can do a little something. Run running ads can but most likely in this economy in 2020 to 510 years ago, you could run an ad directly to an offer, and people would just buy without you ever connecting with them. Now. It's not the case, you have to bring them through a funnel, you have to build trust with them. You have to capture their information, get them on a platform, and and really demonstrate your value to build trust to show that you can do what you promised before people buy anything from you now. And that's more so today what's so important. That's more so today, what's helping people is we create events like this and freebies, that build trust with people. And live events is awesome, because you can get the live interaction or the q&a back and forth. And then you lead people to your offer. And so then your offer has to be persuasive. It has to directly talk to the pain point that the customer uses, that the customer has asked to specifically talk to the problem that the customer has. It has to specifically speak to that person we we talk who first right. What do they want? What problem do you solve? And then you run ads to those offers. And you either close them through a live event like this through video that you're doing on the phone or on a landing page, okay? And then your landing page can lead to whatever your payment processing is or your shopping cart. So for me for my courses you see right here $497 For irresistible offers that sell really is worth over 5000 It redirects them over here. If I wasn't logged in, basically it'll redirect people to my Thinkific site, where they sign up and give me their their payment and then it processes payments. I process them through stripe or PayPal. Okay. And so that's how I take payments from people. I use Squarespace to build the funnels. Squarespace is so inexpensive, my whole website and everything is on Squarespace. It's very easy to use. My Courses irresistible offers all that are all all their landing pages are here on Squarespace right here. Okay. Social media content, website building. All these landing pages are right here on Squarespace. All my funnels are right here on Squarespace.

[2705:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we run ads to these different offers. We run ads to reach people. So this this offer specifically was finding people that want to feel more confident in control of their business with the biggest mistakes to avoid are how to dial in their niche. They want a non techie framework. These are not super techie apps. These are super easy to use apps that I'm showing you. You just have to sign up and start using them and I walk you through how to use them in the courses on my website.

[2714:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so then what you do is the words that you say are what close people without sales you don't have a business. And Jasper can help you write copy. That closes sales for you. So when you when you find the customer, you're already pre qualifying them You're already qualifying them as the type of person that works with you. This is why on your social media content, it's good to have your posture good. You want to make sure that you look like an expert in your field, you sound like an expert in your field, that you're that you demonstrate that you're sharp is attack, that you're trustworthy. Some of y'all might know where I'm going with on this, the Jordan Belfort teaching on the straight line system, I one of the best books that I recommend to you, on learning how to sell better is the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort. It's a nonprint high pressure sales approach, the straight line selling system of how you build trust with people so people don't buy from you unless you build trust with them. So what you want to do is you want to get rid of and reject as many people as possible that are just looky loos wasting your time, and not interested in buying from you. You want them to leave you you don't want them to be on your email list. You want to get them out of your funnel as quick as possible. Okay, well then warming up the people that actually want what you're selling and have the money to warm them up to where they give it to you because they say I need that. That's exactly what I need. Okay. And so live events and your funnels and your opt ins and different things, different offers that I show you how to build, irresistible offers that sell, go through that whole process for you, okay? When you learn from this book, though, this audio books, one of the best books, it's not high pressure sales at all. It's the opposite of high pressure sales. And it's one of the most ethical sales approaches that I've ever seen. Some people might know Jordan story, he actually went to prison for selling stocks the non ethical way and then decided that he was going to figure out how to be the best at sales, the ethical and right way, and he does not support any of those methods at all that are slimy, that are illegal, that are not wholesome and good to use with people. And so he walks you through here, this used to be a $2,000 training program. And it's an it's a book on Kindle for 12 bucks. The literally the best sale system that you could ever find, I'll send you a link to this book. After this, I basically, there's two things that I promote on here as an affiliate on this free class, Jasper and Jordan Belfort book. Because I really believe you read that book. It's gonna affect how you build your offers, how you connect, how you communicate, how you talk with people, through your social media content, through your sales calls through your, your events. And so that'll really help you right there. Okay, so the way of the wolf, you know, I don't even need to put my affiliate link right here, it doesn't matter. Guys, check it out right there. It's such a good book. It's one of the single best books when it comes to persuasion and sales and what to say how to say it, it really has less to do with what you say but how you say it. The inflection, in your voice, the excitement, you demonstrate to people that you believe in what you offer. Sales is about building trust in people. So when people trust that you can deliver on what you promise, they believe in you, your product and your company, they'll buy from you could you imagine if somebody believes in you, when they come in first with you, they might be at a three to a five and trusting you and believing that you can deliver what you say. So your goal with events and your offers is to build that level of trust with people to attend. Okay, and Jordan walks you through how to do this in this book. And so you keep looping back, you keep casting the vision to people of what it's going to feel like after they buy from you.

[2785:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Until you show people you make a promise of the result the outcome that they can expect in your offers. See a lot of people this is where they get it wrong with their offers and they miss it is they lead with what they're selling and the features and how it's there. You have to sell the vacation, not the plane ticket. You have to sell the relaxing stay on the beach, not the fight over the luggage before you get on the plane. And then so many of you not any fault of your own. He just didn't know. And most course craters and coaches in an effort to to be honest. It's not that we're being dishonest, but they sell the what and not the result. Okay. You want to sell it's what's called The truth well told, where you tell the truth, and the best, most optimal light of how somebody reaches a goal. So for you the truth well told, if you go through this training, you're gonna, you're gonna know exactly how to build a seven figure coaching and course business. And what I've shared with you today is literally what you need to build a seven figure course and coaching business. It's literally exactly the steps of how to get there. You connect with people you build trust with them, you lead them to something that you have for sale, whether it be your a coaching package, or a group coaching or a course. And then you close those people by how you talk, by having confidence by having conviction by having belief that you can get them the result that you promised. And you communicate to only the people that are most likely to buy from you on your social media content. It's not about proving how smart you are. By the way, experts have the hardest time making money as coaches and course creators, because they know too much. Your knowledge will talk you out of doing the very thing that's going to get you customers, because you think that people need to know something when they really they don't. And you're and people get very stuck on doing it the right way, quote, unquote, and not what produces results. This is not a question of integrity. This is a question of perfectionism. This is a question of, of, basically, they have built up in their head, if the more an expert somebody is, the harder it is for them to make money because they have built up in their head, how things should be done. And they'll actually usually go in reverse order of what actually makes money. You still want to do what should be done, but usually in the opposite order of how you think you should do it as an expert. And oftentimes experts need to detach their expert hat, when they're marketing when they're selling and even when they're coaching. And instead of trying to validate that they know a whole lot and give a lot of advice and give a lot of information. You make your goal How can I connect with this person and be ever curious? How can I be curious about what they're dealing with? What they're going through what their struggles are? You ask permission to give advice. Hey, can I give you some advice here, instead of just blasting people with advice and your thoughts, until they give you permission, they give you permission if they bought a course from you, right? They give you permission that they sign up for an event with you. But it's a give and take as well. It's, it's where you're taking questions, and then giving answers and then you're asking questions, and then taking the feedback. And that's what the feedback loop is. And so that helps you optimize your messaging, using tools like Jasper, and you use tools like looping and the straight line selling system with Jordan to build trust with people so that when they're at a level 10 of trust, that you can do exactly what you say that you can do. They can't help themselves but buy from you. And that my friends is how you sell effectively and scale your coaching and course business. Now I see a lot of different questions coming in right here. I'm gonna answer some of these questions. Now y'all knew that I was going to make you an offer right? I mean, that's what this is. For those of you that are on this today and I'll send you an email later, I have a bundle called the create and grow your profitable coaching and course business bundle. It includes everything that you need to launch a perfect online coaching course business even if you're not techie. Don't have a big following never sold anything before. Social media content ads funnels offers copy product development nothing held back.

[2866:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: It includes easy course Creation Blueprint, social media ads, all of my courses, everything irresistible offers website building, social media content creation. Normally this bundle on my website is 1497 1487. If you bought all of my courses separately, they would be $2,500 individually. But from now until Tuesday, right we have the bonus call tomorrow we have Tuesday. Another bonus call on Tuesday from now until Tuesday, the 22nd you can get all of my courses for one payment of 397 To 20 to 22, or three easy payments of 147. Okay. And there's also the 30 day money back guarantee on this. So I take all the risk, you can get started for as low as one single first payment of 147. And you make the monthly payments after that, or one payment of 397. And you get all of the courses that are on my website right here. And by the way, this is not going to be offered again, at this price, I will offer it again, but the price is going to be higher, the price is going to be much higher next time. And those of you that have gone through this with me, you have noticed, I've done a few of these, but the price keeps going up on my offer. Because I plan on it getting to $1,000 is the minimum to start working with me, right. But right now, you guys are able to get all of my courses right now. In fact, I'm going to I'm going to actually say this to you. So I have an upcoming course called create and grow. Sorry, I don't have a name for it. It's I was reading that off of there. It's basically how to be a world class coach. I have recorded on my computer a number of the lessons right now, it's not included with this bundle yet. It's not even on the landing page, because I'm still recording it. But I'll show you a couple of the lessons right here. The first five lessons are done, and I'll probably finish it in the next 30 days. Hello, everyone. Okay, so it's a video course, about becoming a world class coach. I got notes and everything taken, I will give you that course. For those that register for this before February 22, just for this offer right here. For 397. I'm not going to make if you bought this bundle from me last month, I'm not going to do that, the course will be an introductory price of like 97 bucks. So you can get get it for 97 bucks. So you're essentially paying the same thing as these people. For those of you that pay 397 Or do the payment plan. Once that coaching course comes out, you will have it air dropped into your members area for free as well. So you get my upcoming course on becoming a world class coach, as well. Okay, for those that that I didn't offer, like 297 You'll have to pay the 97 bucks to get the course once it's released. Okay, but for those of you that take me up on this offer today 397 I will include the the upcoming course that's not even on this for free. So this is already my website, Jeremiah Krakowski calm, I'm gonna put a link in the in the chat right here. I'm gonna put a link in the live chat. So you have until midnight

[2929:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: February 22. To grab this bundle. I'm going to add it over to my website live here I'm actually show you how we add this.

[2934:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's how I had it live using Squarespace. So I have this, I'm gonna move this right up here to the homepage. Awesome, just scrolling down

[2938:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the homepage, then I'm going to remove the current offer from the homepage. And so now if you go to the homepage, the front page of my website, you're going to see this as they're on there now is to get more info on it. If you just go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. The homepage is now changed with this offer. And I just dragged and dropped that up in there.

[2945:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'm going to put it in the navigation as well for you. So you can easily find it. See navigation. Course bundle, just 397. So we're gonna put that there, I'm going to remove this free class right here. No more people can. Well, they can register for the free class just until the 22nd then the recordings of this class are actually being taken down as well. Okay. So we have the bonus call tomorrow where I'm going to take your q&a Live. I'll do q&a with you any questions you have based off of what we talked about, or the correspondence or anything that you have will be live in here for q&a at 1pm Central. I'm going to do some more q&a here. Any questions you guys got? Share them with me anything that you want. to go over, go back on, I can demonstrate something to you. Has this been helpful? I hope it's been helpful today. Right around three hours this workshop to show you how to scale a profitable course and coaching business. I truly believe that you can. I truly believe it's possible. Let's see some of the questions here. What do I use for a funnel to see emails or click funnels? So I use Squarespace for my funnels. Click Funnels is a cool app to use, and I like it, but it's really expensive. So it's about 297 a month versus Squarespace is only 19 bucks a month. How do you get people Facebook ads? Yeah, what type of follow up sequence do you recommend to set up for a prospect who goes through a webinar training funnel but does not buy right after the event. So you're actually going to be able to see my follow up sequence after this. It'll be sent to you and emailed to you. I'm gonna follow up with you after this event. And you're actually see basically, I'm just reminding people of their goals of what they said, I'm casting more vision, and then I'm pointing people to the offer and run reminding them of the deadline. I'll usually email that list between then and the offer one to two times a day usually, until they unsubscribe until they remove themselves from that will email them one to two times a day, sometimes three times a day. But I prefer one to two times a day. Let's see landing page then funnel simple email follow up. Using the Yeah, Squarespace exactly. You can use Squarespace for your email list. You can use MailChimp for your email list. You can build your funnels through Squarespace. It's all simple there. It's all easy. says it's a bit late here as you can imagine, so you can imagine level of commitment. That's awesome. I'm so excited that you're on here. Again, go on over to my website, Jeremiah Krakowski comm forward slash grow. And you can get this bundle of all of my courses for $397. Okay. Any questions that you guys have? Let me know, leave them in the comments below. Remember, there's a live q&a tomorrow as well as on Tuesday, February 22. So you can grab this bundle for one payment of 397 or three easy payments of 147. Let's see what other questions are coming in so far. That's on your website? Yes, it's on my website? Absolutely. So yes, the follow up sequence. Yeah, we're just reminding people of what the offer is why they came in, you keep looping them back to the offer. Sometimes I'll also resend out the replay. So I want to get as many people that have not watched this live, I want to get them watching this replay. If they get to at least two and a half hours in, they're going to hear my offer, right. That's usually when I try to make an offer on a live event. I didn't really script this, this was more like a challenge. So on my

[3012:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: end, if you grab the bundle, you're going to get this course on irresistible offers that sell, we have what's called challenges. And the challenge model is like a three to five day deal. What I did was I basically condensed three days worth of teaching one hour segments into one day of teaching right here. So it wasn't really a webinar. It was like a challenge, but put into one event right here one day. And I'm testing that out, just to see how it works, how it helps me connect with people right here. Okay, I was noticing when I did three day challenges, people weren't staying on board for all three days. So they were dropping off on day two and three. So there's a there's a, there's a chance that people being on here, people logging on here with me, you know, they're going to go over to my Thinkific site and register, more likely on a single format. Some of you say you like this format of a one day versus a three day some of you like this, and people are going to register for my course for this off of this that maybe I would have lost on a three day so but I do like doing the three day because I think it spreads out some of the the concepts and the thoughts with people. If you have an immersive three day thing, right, because sometimes some of what I shared with you you're gonna have to sleep on. This is probably been like a firehose of information for you. You might have to watch through it again tomorrow. Um, you know, I'm going to actually send out the transcript of this. When we're done. I'm going to transcribe this whole thing you're going to get that emailed to you. And so, yeah, you'll have the replay, you'll be able to go through this. But for those of you that are really serious You're ready to take your business to the next level, Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash grow. And you can grab the bundle of courses, all of my courses 397, or one, one payment of 397, or three easy payments of 147. Over at Jeremiah krakowski.com plus a 30 day money back guarantee. So there's literally no risk on this for you. We hardly ever have anybody who write us and take the money back guarantee, which is awesome. But it's there, because I want to take all the risk, okay, as well. Some of you might be interested in one on one coaching, that's more of an investment, it's $500 for one hour with me, or you have to buy a package for $5,000.12 hours over zoom. And that's where you and I are going to work together. One on one over zoom, really going in massaging your offer your copy your ads, and helping you put all this together. I come alongside you and we work together to build it on Zoom. So that's what I offer right here is that and then you can get grandfathered in at this rate. Right here. I actually I'm going to keep this rate for at least three years for people. If you sign up right now. I'm going to offer this you're gonna actually I need to update this page. But you're going to get grandfathered in at that as well. All right. Jeremiah, Krakowski comm forward slash grow is where you can check out the offer, you can read up on all the courses, each one individually has its own landing page, you can read about the features, you can read about, you know, what's taught in each course, to see if this bundle is a good fit for you. But I think if you're watching this right now, I think it is a great is a great offer for you as far as it's a good fit for you. Because if you're still on here, and you don't have this bundle, yet, you've proven though, that what I teach in these courses is exactly what you need. Okay. And so, again, that's your decision to make. But I truly do believe that this is a one of the best programs that are out there to help you. If you want to be successful building a coaching or course business where I walk you through step by step together, building a successful six figure. And even seven figure business, you can make multiple six figures off of this. At first 20,000 is probably one of the hardest for people. So I love getting people to. And then beyond, as well, I have consulting that I do with people that starts at $10,000 actually come in and we run your ads for you my and start building stuff with you and building a team building a company together. Is that for one idea? Or is it okay to present multiple ideas within one business? Oh, yeah. So the coaching is anything you want to talk about?

[3092:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: During this time, I will try to kind of keep it on track. I will tell you I don't have experience in that area. For those of you that are watching this today, if you're watching this and you want to maybe we can hop on the phone together. If you're if you're thinking maybe you're ready to do one on one coaching or buy a package send me an email or direct message me. And we can schedule a free call where I that's a discovery call only for those that are serious about one on one coaching. It's not a sales call. It's really the see, is it a good fit? What's your business? Can we help you and if it is great again, you're not going to be pitched you already know what I sell. You already know what I offer. This is just a discovery call for those that really would like to make that investment and are ready to make that investment. Let's talk about your business and get some clarity. And I'll give you my feedback right there. I won't hold anything back from you. Nothing held back. Alright, everybody, this has been great. We're almost here at three hours. Again, we said it was a three hour workshop. The time went by quickly. It was great spending the afternoon with you it was great talking with you. Be sure to plug into the Grow Your Life podcast, my YouTube channel, my social media content. If you're a course creator, if you're a coach, this info is for you. And if you're somebody that's serious about scaling, growing and building a profitable course or coaching business, this bundle is going to walk you through step by step everything that you need to launch your business successfully. There's a money back guarantee. Check it out at my website, Jeremiah Krakowski calm. All right. Let's see. Any other questions from anybody? I feel like yeah, when, when we do the fire hose right here, right. This was a firehose of info. Like, you'll probably come up with questions after the call is over can ask me anything to really? I enjoyed and learned a lot. Thank you. Awesome. Hey, was there anything that you wanted me to cover that I didn't? Let me know. I can actually cover it here real quick. I'm like literally why you got me like this is like, valuable time. Okay, I can even review your your landing page or something, or whatever your offer or whatever it is. could run some stuff through Jarvis or Jasper, let's see. It's called. Awesome. No questions for me right now. This has been really fun. I really enjoyed talking with you working with you. I hope that we can work more together in the future. I hope that you do take me up on this offer. For the course bundle. I hope that you, you buy a coaching package with me. And that we can start to work together. If you don't, again, it will hurt my feelings, I promise. No worries about that. But if it is a good fit for you, if you're feeling like hey, this is a really good fit for me check it out. You have until next week. Tuesday, February 22. At midnight. And then if you don't register, then you will have to pay more later. Plus I'm including that upcoming coaching course I haven't finished. The one that I'll have an introductory price of $97 for anybody else who didn't register so you're basically getting the same deal. Alright, everybody. Any more questions? Doesn't look like it. All right. Well, this has been awesome. Thank you for giving us some time. Yeah, this is great. I will see you tomorrow. For those of you though. That want more. Let's say you want more you want to take this to the next level. You want to ask more questions, you want to dive in whatever questions come to mind, write them down. Or we're gonna do a live q&a Tomorrow at 1pm and Tuesday next week, the 22nd The night of this deal ends at 1pm to answer your questions. Alright, head on over to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Forward slash grow to grab the bundle and we'll talk soon everybody me just go back over to Facebook here and leave the link in the group thank you so much awesome. I love hearing that like thank you for like that means a lot to me. It really means a lot. Alright everybody, you have a good one. I'm gonna log

