The “Top 5 Secrets To Guarantee Your Worship Songs Go Viral” Virtual Masterclass
Date: 2022-09-17T17:10:10.000Z
Duration: 55 min
Otter ID: L6QMMFQAcgIVRvFMXPubpkM0oM8
---

[80:00] Speaker 0: You? All right everybody what's up Welcome to this incredible session together I actually forgot to put the graphic on there by the way, this is the free masterclass top five secrets to guarantee that your worship songs go viral What's up everybody welcome welcome. For those who don't know my name is Rick Pino, I've been leading worship for over 25 years, I've had the honor and joy privilege of leading worship and almost 80 nations around the world. It's been an incredible, incredible journey. Along the way, I've also had the opportunity to release 10 Very successful independent worship albums, all of them have gone to the tops of the charts, we've done all of it independently. I'm not saying any of this to boast guys, I'm saying this to let you know, you guys and gals can do this to each and every one of you guys have the ability to do this exact same thing. But the cool part is coming to trainings like this. You get the you get the Fast Pass, you get the shortcut, right? You get the the Miracle Grow, that I didn't get, I didn't get to have the coaching and mentorship and I didn't get to just log on to a training like you guys so you guys can do this way, way, way faster than I ever was able to. And I'm really excited about that. So Hey, how about this on the count of three i want to know where you guys are watching from. On camera three drop your city or nation Here we go 123 Drop your city or nation Look at this guys we got peeps from all over the world. We got peeps in Canada we got peeps in Delaware we got peeps in Texas, we got peeps more Canadians in the house, guys, it is so good to see everybody. Today. Listen, today, we're going to be giving you guys the top five secrets on how you can ensure that your worship songs go viral. Now, I think a better way to actually say that is these are going to be the top five secrets to ensure that you are successful in your worship songwriting journey, because here's the thing, guys, most people, it's not that you're not anointed, it's not that you're not called it's not that you don't have cool songs, chances are, you probably are anointed, you probably are called, you probably do have promises from God, your songs probably are pretty good. But here's the difference between you where you're at right now. And somebody that you look up to, you know, maybe one of these worship celebs or these groups, or you know, these churches or movements and you're like, Man, if only if only I could do it like them? Or how is their stuff going the way it's going? You know, guys, the biggest difference is this. There's a right way and a wrong way to get your worship music out there. And especially if you've been called by God, to impact nations. In fact, on the count of three, I want to see by some fire emojis if you've been called by God, to impact nations, with your worship, music, drop some fire emojis, let's go 123 Drop some fire emojis. Look at that. So many people from all over the world you feel called to impact nations with your worship music. And guys, here's the here's the incredible news for you. Today, I'm going to show you the five tips, the five ways that you can ensure that your worship songs get out there and make the biggest impact possible. Because guys, here's the punchline, okay, today, I'm going to go over these five different things with you. And the cool part is this. If you learn to take what I am giving you guys today the information and you actually apply it. Come on, I need some people in the comments right now to write the word, apply it, write the words, apply it, you can't just be a hearer of the word only. And deceive yourselves. James says you have to do what it says. Come on. And some people in the comments say do what it says. Right? You've got to take these frameworks that I'm about to give you and you actually have to do them. Like I think it's really interesting that a lot of worship songwriters, they have this, this idea that all you got to do is pray and then God's gonna just poof the rest, right? But that's not how it works in God, y'all. The Bible says that your faith is dead without works. You know, especially in the church, we have a lot of talk the saying, you know, faith is spelled ri S K? Well, it's not. Faith is actually spelled w o r k. Faith is spelled work, your faith without works is dead. So I'm going to give you frameworks today. And look at that even the word works is inside of the word, I'm going to give you five frameworks that if you work them, they will work. And if you don't work them, they will not work. Okay, so if you're ready, let me know in the comments. Say I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Let me know if you guys are ready. And we're gonna jump right on in. Okay, I'm gonna go over here to my trusty board here and put on my, my teacher hat for you guys. And hopefully give you a little bit of game on how you guys can get these frameworks together for your worship songs. Okay, so guys, here's the thing, the five points I'm going to give you guys today, it's actually not bullet points, like, they're not going to be like, you know, they're not going to be bullet points going down this way. Okay, so thank you, those are not going to be we're not going to be studying like that. I'm actually going to give you a framework here. That more so goes

[229:22] Speaker 0: in a circle that you can repeat over and over and over again. In fact, I call this framework here. I call this framework the cycle of success. Okay. Again, one more time. Let me know in the comments right here how many of you guys and gals feel called to impact nations you guys feel called to impact the body of Christ? How many of you guys and gals feel called to influence the generation and I hope I hope you are saying yes to all of this because guys, here's the punchline. Here's the biggest part Don't shine is this, either you're going to impact the generation or lil NAS x is going to impact them, either you're going to influence them, or Madonna is going to influence them. Listen, I'm praying for little NAS X I'm praying for, for Madonna. Okay? That that's not the point. The point is this either you guys and gals can be the spiritual mothers and spiritual fathers of a generation. By taking this cycle of success, these five frameworks in doing it correctly, or wicked people are going to do it instead of us. And I'm telling you guys right now, it's not just enough to pray, please continue to pray, please continue to connect your heart to God, I'm not saying don't pray, I'm saying add works to your prayers, add action to your prayers, take these frameworks, so that you can begin to really impact influence. And here's the cool part, when you get the impact and influence right with these five frameworks, then income is a wonderful byproduct. How many of you guys and gals would like to make some income, and maybe even make a living off of doing what you love to do with your worship songs, nothing wrong with that, guys, the laborer is worthy of their wage. Okay, I'm going to show you guys how to do it. So back to my board here. Let's check this out. Okay. So here's the thing. The cycle of success is a framework that I want to help you guys out with here, that is going to ensure whatever stage that you guys are at, in your worship songwriting journey. A lot of times people get lost, they get, they get sidetracked, they get, you know, maybe a little depressed, or they're like, oh, man, this, this isn't working. And it's because you're not doing this cycle correctly. Okay, so if you ever feel lost, or maybe a little discouraged, or you're like, Man, I don't know what to do, all you got to do is jump into this framework. And literally, this framework is going to get you immediately somebody say immediately in the comments, it's gonna get you immediately back on track, okay, if you fell off the track, but if you don't even know where the track is, it's gonna get you on the track. Okay. So let's look at this here. Okay. Let's look at framework number one. Okay, now, all of these frameworks, they might seem very simple to you, but there's there's layers inside of these frameworks that you really need to catch hold of, and do correctly. Okay, so the first step right here, step number one is your songwriting. Okay, now, here's the thing. Guys, the punch line is this. If your songs aren't good, none of the other frameworks are going to work for you. Okay? If your songs are like one another, okay, or you're not writing them, right? Maybe your co writes are not going well. It's, it's my conviction that things don't go wrong, they start wrong, right. So if you're starting this cycle off wrong, chances are the whole thing is gonna go wrong. So you've got to start learning how to become a pro lithic, songwriter, guys, of course, I've put out a ton of trainings on this. We've put out a ton of schools on this. And we're going to continue to put out tons of training in tons of other workshops and seminars, etc. But the punchline is, is okay, you've got to learn how to become a good songwriter. If you're like lost right now. And you're like, Man, I don't know how to do this, one of the best and quickest ways that you can become a knock it out of the park songwriter is to begin to co write. Okay, and here's what I like to do. So I'm a chorus guy, okay, I can write verses, I can write bridges, but I am most comfortable in choruses or hooks. So what I like to do is I like to connect with verse people. I like to connect with bridge people. And I'm going to give you guys a little bit of a secret here.

[308:32] Speaker 0: So the reason why people in groups like elevation worship and Bethel and Mave, math city, and a lot of your favorites, the reason why their songs are so epic is not because they're written by one person. All you got to do is Google your favorite worship song, whatever the name of it is, and then afterward put publishing and you will see instantly that all your favorite worship songs, just because elevation was singing them just because Matt was singing it doesn't mean that there was just one writer. In fact, most if not all of your favorite worship songs were co written. Okay, that means that they literally had the best Verse writer with the best chorus writer with the best bridge writer, and so you got the best of the best of the best of the best. And that's why the songs are so epic. If you are too prideful, I'm going to say that again, if you are too prideful to want to co write with people, then this is not for you. Nothing I'm going to show you today is going to work for you. You've got to work out some ego issues first. But if you're ready to go to the next level, you've got to get your songwriting down on lock. Because songwriting is everything guys. If you don't have songs, you don't have a way to to impact people. And let me throw this out there for you guys. Here's my conviction. When you are how many worship leaders we have in the room today, just wave at me or drop some fire emojis in the comments. Let me know you're here today. That here's my conviction. Okay, if you were a worship leader, a worship songwriter, maybe your worship team, and you get invited to come lead worship or or minister somewhere sings sing some songs. It is my conviction. And one thing that we share with our students is we tell them look, don't go to a place that you've been invited to, and sing songs that anyone in the pews could sing. Right one one thing that I think has been one of the formulas for God's success in my life is when I go in and I'm invited to go Minister somewhere, I'm singing my songs. You know, when Bethel goes and puts on, you know, a worship night. They're not singing anybody else's songs or singing their songs, elevation or singing their songs, MAVs singing their songs. Here's my punchline to you guys. Okay. It is interesting to me that 99% of the church is singing songs that were written by 1% of churches worship leaders and movements. Why is that? Because that 1% actually wrote songs. So guys, you've got to get good at songwriting. If you don't get the songwriting piece down. None of these other frameworks are going to work for you. Okay. So, number one, drop it in the comments. What is number one? What's the first thing you got to do? You got to become a prolific songwriter.

[359:15] Speaker 0: Okay. How many Y'all ready for number two? If you're ready for number two? Let me know in the comments, say I'm ready.

[361:06] Speaker 0: Okay, so number two. Number two is a step that a lot of people they skip over because they just don't know any better. Okay, number two.

[365:16] Speaker 0: You've got to sing your songs, live. Somebody in the comments, write the word live. You got to sing your songs live. Here's what most people do. Okay? Most people, they write a song. And then they're like, Okay, cool. This was awesome. The songs ready to go and they go straight to try to record it. Right. But what you're doing in that situation, if you go straight from songwriting to recording, you're missing an epic step. And that is to sing the songs live. Why do I encourage you and all of our other students around the world to sing their songs live? Because here's the thing, guys, when you sing your songs live, this is the best way to get feedback. This is the best way to see how the room responds. This is the best way to see if the map of the song actually works. This is the best way to to see if Oh man, it needed another verse. This is the best way to see if man this course actually kind of stinks. This is the best way to go. Oh man, this spontaneous moment happened. And the song wasn't complete without it. And so here's what most people do. They only write the songs and they go to record. And no wonder why the songs aren't very good because you didn't give them time to brew. Right? You didn't put them in the crock pot for long enough, right? You gotta, you gotta let that that formula of the song. You gotta let that verse and that chorus and that bridge and those melodies and those rhythms, you got to let them gel together for a decent amount of time. Honestly, if I were you my recommended time to singing songs live, you've got to sing a song live anywhere from a minimum of 30 to 50 times before it's ready to actually be recorded. I was talking with a buddy of mine recently. His name is Luke Anderson. He's the main drummer for elevation worship and one of their main producers. He's done all of their big tours and he played on all your favorite record And I was sharing this with some of our students recently. And Luke was like, dude, nobody teaches this. He's like, unless you're on the inside, people don't understand like, by the time me and you are hearing, say elevations new album or Bethells, or MAVs, or whoever your favorite group or person or gospel artists, or whatever it is, whoever those favorites of yours are that before the public are hearing the songs, there was another reason why their songs are so good on these records, is because they have seen them live in their communities over and over and over and over again. So even though the records and the songs might be new to us, the communities that they're singing them in, they're already getting tired of them because they've already heard them 50 times. Literally guys, this is an insider secret right here that nobody talks about. But if you can begin to utilize not just jumping from writing your song, but jump straight over into Okay, now that I think my song is ready. Now I'm going to start singing my songs live. Now you might be here today going, Man, I don't I don't lead a church. I don't have a community sing for that's fine. You can sing around a campfire. You can go live on Facebook, you can do open mic nights at the coffee shop. Like guys, the punchline is this. It's not a lack of resources or opportunities. It's a lack of resourcefulness. If you're telling yourself like, oh, man, I don't have anywhere to sing this Baba, Baba, I can't do this. And guess what you can't. And you should just give up right now. If that's your mindset, and you're like, well, there's

[427:40] Speaker 0: no way give up right now. Because this is not for you. Okay. But if you want to rise up and you actually want to make an impact, you got to face these obstacles, you got to face these speed bumps, with a little bit of courage with a little bit of faith, okay, with a little bit of CANDU optimism. And by the way, for all of you guys who are pessimists on here, I love you, but I just want to submit something to you. It doesn't cost you any more to be an optimist than it does for you to be a pessimist. Right? It doesn't cost you any more to see the glass half full, instead of seeing it half empty. So you might as well see it half full, right, guys, you gotta go for it as a man or a woman thinks in their hearts. So they are maybe the reason why you're not winning right now in your worship songwriting journey is because you see yourself as a loser, you see yourself as I can't you see yourself as boohoo, I don't have the right community. You see yourself as like, Man, I don't have the right opportunity. If you continue to see yourself like that, then that's why you're losing and everybody else who's out there crushing it and winning. It's because they see themselves different. You got to change the way you see it. Okay, so what's number two? Drop it in the comments for me number two, what's the the second thing you got to do in the cycle of success? What do you got to do? You got to sing them live. Okay, let's go to number three. How many are ready for number three? If you're ready, let me know in the comments. Say I'm ready. Say I'm ready. Okay, number three. The next step is then you record Okay, so step number one, you want to start writing your songs. Step number two, you want to start singing your songs live step number three. Then after you've written the songs, after you've seen the songs live a couple of dozen to three dozen times four dozen times. Then after the song is all gelled together, and it fits well together Then, and only then do you go to record your songs. Now guys, here's the thing there is a right way and a wrong way to record your songs. Now how many of you guys and gals want to see by a show of hands you can either wave at me drop some fire emojis in the comments. If you feel called to be a level 10 worship songwriter that shakes nations that raises the dead from your songs. Legs, grow out eyeballs pop open deaf ears. If that's you drop some fire emojis in the comments. If that's you drop some fire emojis in the comments. Guys, here's the thing. If you're if you feel called to make a level 10 impact on that level. And you really want to sweet nations you want to impact people. You want to see the dead raise. You want to see blind eyes open you want to see nations discipled and as a byproduct, you want to see income coming in from the songs that God gave you. If you feel called to be a level 10 Then you can't have a level three recording I hope I'm helping some people here today, y'all. I know so many believers, so many believers that are like incredible worship songwriters. They're incredible artists, right? And live there. Like they're blowing the house down like it is the most fantastic, powerful. Oh my gosh, the glory of God is here in this room right now, experience you've ever experienced. But then the records, like some of the most powerful worship leaders, I know worship songwriters that I know. They're not very well known only because they're a level 10 live. But they got level two and level three recordings. And that's facts. That's facts right there. Guys, I'm telling you, when it comes to the recording of your song,

[495:38] Speaker 0: I know everyone talks about like, don't judge a book by its cover, I get it. But guys, everybody judges books by the cover. That's what everyone does. Like if you if you fight against human psychology, then then it's not going to work for you. If you work with human psychology, then it will work for you. And human psychology is is everybody judges a book by its cover period. So if the recording isn't good, if the album cover isn't good, right? If you're if you're not putting in an investment into the recording, and your recording is not a level 10 Don't expect to make a level 10 impact. I'm telling you, that's just how it is. I've been around the block for a couple of decades now. I've been to 79 nations, I have personally coached and discipled a quarter million worshipers and worship songwriters, just in the past few years, I know what I'm talking about on this guy's your recording can make or break, how far of a reach your impact will make. So it's incredibly important. It's of utmost importance for you to ensure that you do the recording process, right. Okay, now, a couple of quick tips. Am I helping somebody if I'm helping you drop some fire emojis in the comments, y'all are being too quiet up in here. Listen, a couple of quick tips on your recordings. Okay, number one, don't go to her recording studio. That is in homeboys mom's basement. That's a good start, right. Tip number two. And this is this is a very serious tip. Okay? How many times have you led worship or sing your songs live? Chances are hundreds of times, especially if you're at this level, and you're ready to actually be serious about putting music out there, right? If you're serious, and if you're at this level, and I know you are because you're on today's broadcast, and this webinar is specifically for those who are ready to go to the next level and get some music out there for real chances are you're ready. You've been doing this for a while you've seen songs live hundreds of times. Now, here's my question to you guys. And I tell all of our students this, it is my biggest suggestion when it comes to the recording process. Here's what you got to do. If you've seen your songs live hundreds of times, but you've never seen your song live, ever in a studio, you've never led worship in a studio. You've never even set set foot in a studio. Why in the world would your first time recording? Be a studio recording? I'm telling you right now, you should do your first recording or your second or the first serious one, maybe you don't want to but now you're actually ready to do a serious one. Your first or second, or first serious recording should be live. Here's why. There is a different dynamic leading live than there is to trying to produce an encounter in a studio. Okay, now it's not impossible. Like I have studio records that they came out great. But the punch line is this. I did live records for a long time before I started moving into studio albums because honestly, y'all it's just a different muscle that you got to build. And if you don't have opportunity, if you don't have a coach, if you don't have someone to talk you through the recording process. Then I'm telling you right now, like in a studio, and I'm telling you right now, the studio is going to be way more expensive. It's going to be way more frustrating. It's going to be way more pressure and you're going to feel this couraged because chances are if you don't know what you're doing, you're going to waste all this time, money, energy, etc, etc. And then you're going to feel like, Oh man, maybe this isn't for me and man, the devil is fighting me know the devil is not fighting you, you just made a bad an wise choice. And it just simply came because you lacked the knowledge, and therefore that recording will perish. Here's the thing, guys, if the people of God perish without knowledge, then guess what happens if you have knowledge, then you flourish with knowledge. You're gonna get some wisdom. Y'all gotta get some knowledge. Don't do something and not have a coach, not have a mentor, not have some kind of training. You're gonna waste a bunch of time, money, energy, and you'll be embarrassed. Okay.

[573:47] Speaker 0: So what's number three? Actually, let me ask you again. What's number one? Number one is write your songs. Number two, what do you got to do after you write your songs? You got to sing them live. What's number three guys? Put it in the chats. Come on, talk to me in the chats here. There you go. Number three is record your songs. How many Y'all ready for number? 4am? I helping y'all? Are you getting some value out of this today? If you're getting some value, drop some fire emojis in the comments. And let me know that you're ready for number four. Let's talk about the fourth step in the cycle of success. How many I'll know what it is who wants to take a guess? Who wants to take a guess? Okay. Step number four, you've got to publish and or copyright, your songs. Okay, guys, this this step is way looked over by so many people. Now, I'm thankful for the fact that in the worship movement right now, publishing is a buzzword. But honestly, 99% of people don't even know what publishing is. They don't know how publishing works. They don't know how to publish their songs. And here's the biggest punchline I can give to you guys on step number four. And it's this, if all you're doing is being a nice artist, right? Because this whole thing that I'm teaching you guys, if you want to be serious, and make impact, and shake nations, and make royalties, and, you know, see people's hearts light up, because they're being impacted by the songs God gave you. If you want to be on that level, you can't just be a nice artist on this hand and write nice songs, you now have to learn the stewardship side of music. And I know for creatives, that was like, you know, I just threw some vinegar into a wound or something like, oh, you know, responsibility. Whoa, whoa, no, but the punchline is this guys, the men and women, the groups, the churches, the movements that are making real impact, that are really shaking nations that are really discipling nations that are really awakening generations. Those men, those women, those worship leaders, those songwriters, those movements, those churches, they're not just artists alone, they have grown into stewardship. They've grown into the stewardship side of music, guys. They are learned publishing, they've learned copyright. They've learned royalty management, they've learned the administration side of the music, because guys, at the end of the day, if you are going to record music and put it out there to the public, you are in the music industry. Okay, you are in the music business. And if you don't do you can have the music side down all you want. But if you don't got the business side down, you're not going to make an impact. You're not going to make any income. You're not going to really have much influence because all you're doing is 50% of the battle. Am I helping some people album helping some people? You guys can't just be worship artists worship songwriters, you've got to understand that God is calling us to be stewards. He's calling us to be stewards. The book of Proverbs says that a righteous man leaves an inheritance for their children's children. What does that mean? It means this, your grandkids, your children, they can't inherit a job. Right? They can't inherit your job, but they can inherit intellectual property, aka songs. They can inherit royalties, they can inherit residual income that comes from good stewardship. So if you don't understand the publishing side of how to get your songs out there and covered and copy written and published, you are not going to get to the potential that God has called you to get to. If I'm helping you put some fire emojis in the comments, y'all, this is a gigantic step that so many people are missing. Okay.

[650:03] Speaker 0: So here's what you can do some practical steps that you can do. On the publishing side, you can register your songs with what's called a P. R. O, this is a Performing Rights Organization. Okay. And some of these PR O's in America? are companies like be am I as cap? If you're in Canada, it's so can. I know, we got some Canadians in the building. And here's the thing, if you're an international and you're like, I don't know what a PRL is here, all you got to do. There's this little thing you probably never heard of it before. It's called Google. And you go to Google, and you search, performing rights organization, and then the name of your country. I was literally talking to one of our students recently, precious gal, precious, precious gal. And she was like, Rick, um, I think she lived in Ghana, or something like that. She was she was from overseas in one of the African nations. And she's like, Rick, I'm telling you, there are no performing rights organizations in my country. And in the 30 seconds that she's giving me the reason of why it doesn't exist in her nation. I was like, Okay, I'm listening to her. But I'm secretly down here on my phone, searching, Googling, Performing Rights Organization, Ghana. And so when she's done telling me, I can't find one that doesn't exist. I go, Well, that's, that's actually interesting. Because here with a very simple Google search, I literally just found about 12 of them. So you might you might be sitting here going, like, oh, man, how do I do this, you know, blah, blah, blah. It's called Google. Y'all get into Google, and search, performing rights organization, and then the name of your country. Okay, so after you affiliate with bmi or ascap, what you're going to do, you're going to go to copyright.gov. If you're in America, get your songs published, get your songs copy written, it will cost you less than 100 bucks per song. And in fact, I think it's less than 100 bucks per album. So very inexpensive to cover, protect, and ensure that your songs are protected and safe from anybody else stealing them. And then now not only do you protect your songs, but you also enable yourself to when your songs go out there, your songs can be tracked and you can start making this wonderful little thing called royalties. Someone dropped the word royalties in the comments Who's ready for number five, you're ready for number five. If you're ready, shout, I'm ready in the comments. Let me know if you're ready for number five. Okay, now this That's the weirdest number five I've ever seen in my life. So I'm going to redo it here for you. Okay. This is the step where most people make the biggest mistakes possible. Okay. But the fifth step is, can you guess it? Its distribution. Okay. Now, here's how the cycle works. Here's how the cycle works, guys. Okay. After you get the songs distributed, and you're like, Well, what do I do? It's easy. You literally start the whole cycle again. You just keep doing the cycle guys. You write your songs, you sing your songs live. You record them, you publish and copyright them. Then you distribute them. Can I help y'all with something here? Let me help you out with some. Okay, too many people. They don't talk about their music until they get to step number five. And this is why your albums are flopping on social media. This is why your albums are not going viral on Spotify. This is why your albums are not doing anything. This is why your songs are not getting out there and impacting the people that you're called to impact because you're only talking about step number five. Guys, you got to start talking knocking on step number one, what's up everybody? I'm here writing songs. I can't wait to share them with you guys. Promotion, someone saying what about promotion that goes into distribution, y'all. When you are distributing your product when you are distributing your music, you are promoting it, you are distributing it. See? And that's the other thing too. So many people think that distribution quote unquote, is well I uploaded my song to CD Baby. How come it's not going viral? Because you don't understand how distribution works. Within the distribution step here, guys,

[729:26] Speaker 0: there is an element called Marketing. There is an element called promotion, there's an element that you are going to distribute your songs, okay. And here's where most people miss it. They are working really hard on their songs are working really hard on their albums. And then when it's time to launch their music, they only talk about the distribution. They only go Hey, guys, everybody, please go stream my new album. I don't know why I'm talking like that. But that's that's how I used to talk when I used to do it wrong. They guys. What you don't want to do is you don't want to be that guy with that voice. Calling people. Hey, would you guys please go stream my album, please. But the problem is, is the only time you ever mentioned anything was on the fifth step, even though you had been working for months on the cycle of success. Right? So now, if you only talk about the album, when it's time to be distributed, now you are spamming people. You're not like this cool, like, oh my gosh, she has a new album. You are now like, ooh, all she's doing is talking about music. Now. That's so uncomfortable. It's so awkward. It's so weird. But but if you start inviting people into the storyline on step number one and you start going guys, I'm really excited God's put some songs in my heart. He's worked a message in me. You know, I've been through some valleys man, I've been through some hardships. And by His grace by His power through His Word through his presence. He's bringing me out. And I'm excited to share with everybody here. I'm going to start writing some new songs. That right there I literally just made it up and I could fill most of your hearts are getting ignited like what Rick's been through some valleys? Of course I have. And so have you. The punchline is is that distribution doesn't start at the end, distribution starts at the beginning. Okay. And what I mean by that is, is you've got to start. And someone's saying, What about performing your songs, that's part of distribution. Whenever your songs are ready, and it's all recorded, published, everything's ready to go. You are distributing your songs by getting them out there. But here's the thing. Distribution starts at the beginning. What I'm saying is, you've got to invite people into the storyline at the beginning. So that way, they go on the journey with you remember this whole cycle right here. You got to bring them on the journey with you guys. Y'all. Bring them on the journey, bring them on the songwriting part. And then hey, guys, we just, we just finished our new songs. Now. I'm excited to let everyone know this Friday night, we're going to be at such and such place, singing them live or whatever. So you know, I'm saying, Hey, guys, if you were there Friday, we're so excited. Next month, we're going to be working on our new recording, on and on and on and on. You tell them about every single step along the journey when you do this. Now you're not just some awkward person spamming them to Oh, please, please, please stream my new music. No. Now you've actually created a community. You've created a storyline. And you've brought everybody into the journey with you guys. Okay, so is this helping some people? Is this helping some people? Yes, or Yes. Guys, listen, I'm super excited. Because this Monday, somebody in the comments say this Monday, this Monday, this Monday, this Monday. I'm super excited because this Monday, Adam carpenter and I we're going to be hosting a five day training called Get your worship music heard in 2022. How many of you guys and gals want that? Just wave at me or drop some fire emojis? In the comments, guys, it starts this Monday and I have incredible news for you. I've been encouraging y'all to upgrade to VIP because here in a minute. I know you guys got some questions. Those who upgraded to VIP. I'm going to go backstage with you and I'm going to answer your questions in VIP. But here's the cool part. If you upgraded to VIP, I am going to give you guys a free ticket to the challenge starting this Monday, guys. Come on. Clap for yourselves. Clap for yourselves. If you took took action, I want to reward you. If you believe in yourself enough to invest a tiny little sliver of money into saying, Man, I

[802:04] Speaker 0: really want to be serious about my songwriting journey, then I want to reward you for that. If you were like, Man, I am going to take this I am going to upgrade to VIP because I'm serious about this. Congratulations. You're joining me for free this Monday. So me and Adam Carpenter, are going to be hosting this free challenge. Now, Rob, if you can get that ready, I'd like to are we able to share that on the screen, the landing page. For those of you guys and gals who did not upgrade to VIP, I want to encourage you guys go grab your ticket right now. Okay? The website, guys, it's launch your music now.com launch your music now.com It's going to be dropped in the comments. Okay. But I'm also going to bring it up here on the screen for you guys where I'm good. And bring it up there, launch your music now.com Guys, and here's what we're gonna go over for five days, we are going to go over not just the cycle of success, we are going to be teaching you guys songwriting, we're going to be teaching you guys publishing, we're going to be teaching you guys marketing distribution. Every single one of these steps were going to literally every single day, we're going to go deeper and deeper into the matrix of matrix into into the steps of how you can become the best songwriter. We're going to go into the steps of man, this is the best ways to sing your songs live. We're going to go into Can you pull up the actual landing page and share it on the screen. Ron's going to get it ready here in a second. Guys, we're going to go into every single step of how you can maximize the impact and literally squeeze everything out of all of these different situations so that you can become the best worship songwriter possible. Is it up now? Awesome guy. So here's the website, launch a music now.com It starts this Monday. Okay? And here's what it's going to be guys. It's going to be incredible training on all those different levels. Okay, you can jump in right now, as you guys already have seen, the best way to go through this training is as a VIP. Okay, VIP tickets. They're only 50 bucks, y'all. That's literally 10 bucks a day. Okay? If you if you don't consider yourself a VIP, I understand. But you still want to get the information. Jump in anyways, it's only 40 bucks for general admission. Okay. We're going to show you guys you don't need a record label. You don't need a bunch of money. Listen, you don't need to go on the voice. You don't need to be discovered on American Idol. You don't need some, you know, worship celebrity to discover you in order for you to make it guys we're going to show you the step by step process. How to do this. Here's the other crate pause it right there. Here's the other crazy thing guys. If you jump in, we're going to throw in a free bonus for you. This is an eight week school called the Academy of worship and publishing. Okay, the Academy of worship writing and publishing guys Chandler's on here steps on here. Ma'am city peeps are on here. Naomi and Aaron Moses carrying Cody's on here, Johnny, Melissa Brandon Lake, myself, Leland, everybody's in this school. And on top of the five day training, you will be able to go through an eight week training an eight week course. Guys, it's a $2,000 course, you can get the five days of training, you can get the eight week course all of this for only 50 bucks. If you go VIP, that's the best way to do it. Or you can jump in for 40 bucks a room you can bring me back on the screen there. Ladies and gentlemen, listen, if you got any value out of today, and you are a serious worship songwriter, I would highly encourage you guys and gals. Hurry and go grab your ticket to this upcoming challenges starts on Monday, guys. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining me today. I hope you received tremendous value even in this free training. Could you imagine spending five days with myself and Adam carpenter going even deeper? What if you became a VIP? We're going to not just spend five days together we're going to spend five days of the general admission and then another five trainings in VIP don't want to miss it. Speaking of VIP VIPs we will see y'all in just a few minutes for the Backstage Pass. Love you guys. Bless you. Thank you so much for joining me. And whatever you do, do not miss this Monday's challenge. It's going to change your life. Go grab your tickets right now guys. Hope you enjoyed this training. Love you bless you VIPs we'll see in just a moment. Thanks

