My Webinar
Date: 2023-12-05T19:39:20.000Z
Duration: 6 min
Otter ID: AzinSHe6f5f5kixLqXgiULXJ-J0
---

[0:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: meaning at a time is the thing. I think here's how I can show you even how this works is if I just play back some video through it

[5:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, if I playback some video through it the problem is by playback that video you're hearing, you're hearing that video see, so I might need to OBS windows to be able to do this. That's why That's why again, what I'm saying is, it might take a little bit of finessing for us to show you how zoom works, it's very interesting recording and showing you how to use Zoom 99% of y'all are not going to have See, look at that I muted my microphone. I'm not going to edit any of this out of here. Why? Because this just shows you a little bit of like, if you're trying to use OBS to record how the Zoom interface works. It's a little bit difficult that way. In a future lesson, we're going to teach you how to use all of that. And the automated marketing secrets course I also break down some of that as well. All right. So what I was saying was is that link that we grabbed over by zoom over here, that link that we grabbed over here in zoom. That invitation link. If we go back to zoom, if we go back to our account right here. This webinar is now going it's we had to start it in here. And so now that's what's going on in this window right here is this webinar. So we have what's called panelists and attendees. And if you didn't invite somebody as a panelist, and they're on here as an attendee I can jump into this webinar right here with my cell phone, there it is. And then I can actually turn this as you can make as a host. Because I joined through the Zoom call, I'm not sure if it'll let me move me as a panelist. But if you bring somebody up as a panelist, you can then move them to be a panelist as far as that goes, you can change them, you can either remove them from the call right here, they won't be able to rejoin. Be careful of that if you remove somebody, again, we're gonna go over all of these little functions of zoom and things like this in a later lesson, but I'm showing you how it is a little bit of some of the stuff that we're going to break down. And I totally understand how like this can be confusing if you don't know how to use this type of stuff or things like that. To even like learn how to do it. Change panelist appearance

[55:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's different levels of panelists, you got somebody who's on the panel, and then you have a host, and the host has the meeting controls. As far as that goes. If you pull somebody up from being an attendee, let's just do that real quick. Let me log out of here. What actually I have to do to test this I have to actually log out of the app on my phone. So I have to completely sign up and then I go join meeting. And even though it's an event and not just a meeting, we're still going to it's called a meeting and here I know it's can be confusing as far as like, why they're calling it all these different things and things like that. As I'm teaching how to use Zoom, I can definitely see how some of y'all are confused as to how this all works. Because, you know, they used to only offer like two settings that you could do. And we still only use those same two, two basic settings. But now you have all this other stuff that you do so our meeting passcode because I set a passcode what's right so since I set a passcode I actually typed the passcode in on my phone to access

[78:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so now I'm in the webinar right here on my phone and As an attendee, okay, you can allow an attendee to talk. You can you can mute them, you can remove permission to talk, you can promote an attendee to a panelist. And that will say join as a panelist right here. And now the attendee becomes a panelist. And if they started as an attendee only if they started as an attendee there's change roll to attendee, and it'll allow you to move them back to being an attendee as well. So again, we're gonna break that down some more in a future lesson, but just understand

