September 23: Get More Mentorship Clients Using Live Webinars + A.I.
Date: 2023-09-23T17:38:51.000Z
Duration: 90 min
Otter ID: KUHzMijs81gYkT5Sb9PgcyQFe8k
---

[159:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: microphone Hey, what's up, everybody, welcome, welcome, welcome. Down here, bring the music down here. Thanks for being here. I'm excited that you're here. I'm thankful that you're here this Saturday to learn all about getting more clients in your coaching business, to learn all about how to make 10 to $30,000 per month, using live webinars and artificial intelligence to market your mentorship or coaching business. This is specifically for mentors, coaches, course creators, thought leaders, speakers, authors and trainers. And why do I specifically focus just on this group of people? Because that's the group that I have experience with for the last two decades, I've worked exclusively with mentors, coaches, course creators, trainers, to scale their businesses to make millions of dollars online, and live webinars, getting people in front of you, kind of like what we got going on right here. This is the best way to grow your business. Now, here's the thing today. I'm not here to sell you anything. Okay? So that's my commitment to you. It's a no pitch training. What's that mean? That means that you're gonna get just the brass tacks implementation, what's working right now. And to be honest, this is a smaller webinar. For me, this is a smaller training for me, we had less registrations than some of our other ones. So I know that this is for an intimate group of people that's really serious, and ready to take action in their business. You know, this isn't for somebody who's just dabbling in a mentorship business. This is for people that actually want to make real money, and they're willing to do the hard work, I'm going to be honest with you, webinars are hard, they're not the easiest thing in the world. Every time I go and do one, I feel anxious beforehand, I experienced anxiety, I feel the same fear and worry that people do that everybody else does, that you probably are nervous about. So I get it. They're hard. And then, like, my goodness, you got to keep your thoughts in order, you got to make sure that you say the right things, you got to make sure it's actually interesting enough so that people stay on and listen to you Oh, and by the way, just because people register for your webinar doesn't mean that they're actually going to show up to listen to it. And that's unfortunately, what happens a lot of times with people that I've met as they run live webinars, and they don't know how to do it in the way that we're going to teach you here today, they don't know how to do it in a way that is going to produce results for them. You can put all the right pieces together landing page, lead magnet, opt in form, email list, your course, your auto responders, your zoom links, you can have all of that perfect. But you can even have and I had a person that I know who this they experienced this to hundreds 300 people register. And yet nobody can show up. And that's crazy. That's the hard part. That's that makes your heart sink. Unfortunately, that's the case for most people when they're running live webinars. And that's the case for most people that maybe they've seen Russell Brunson, or or some other guru out there saying to run webinars as the way to get more clients. Listen, I'm not going to debate that. Webinars are the best way to get clients in your mentorship business, I'm telling you, but they can literally be the like, the most ineffective tool, if not done the right way. And that's what I see end up happening often for people is is they pour so much into their webinar. They pour so much effort into it and nobody even shows up. Nobody's even there to listen to them. And so how do we mitigate that? How do we make sure that people actually show up to listen to you? How do you break past the imposter syndrome of wondering, do I have something good enough to teach people? Are they going to like it? Is this going to connect with people? Well, is this are the people that are going to find me online? Are they going to connect with what I have to say? And then if that wasn't enough, how can I get them to buy for me at the end of it right? Oh my goodness, so much to manage so much that we have to think about when it comes to live webinars and it's To enter enough to make, unfortunately 98.5% of coaches and mentors and trainers who run live webinars give up. Because it is that difficult. It's that much of a learning curve over it, and they don't have somebody in their corner that's teaching them how to do it the right way. And so we're gonna do is we are going to pull back the curtain, we've been using live webinars for all of our clients. I just a little bit about my background here, as I was running an agency, where I was creating crafting, live webinars, Facebook ads, putting campaigns together working with clients, and many of those clients generated seven and eight figures, through webinars using the exact framework that I'm going to give you here today. Now, in my own business, I'm coaching people, this business is making seven figures in the last 12 months, we we get all of our clients through live webinars as the initial way that we connect with people, okay. And so webinars work, they really do work, my first webinars bombed, that it's so bad, I lost money on them, I've, I actually did a Well, I remember this, we did a webinar, and I gave up and I was like, I'm not doing No, I didn't do another webinar for nine months, I was so pissed off that it didn't work out. Y'all can relate to that. Right. And that's, that's, that's the normal see, there's a facade that's out there in internet marketing, there's a facade that's out there and online coaching, then everybody gets these million dollar results in all of their campaigns. And if you don't, then you're a loser. And I'm sorry, but that's just simply not true. It's not true at all. Even the Guru's even the experts don't see perfect results. And, and I would consider myself in this industry to be to be a an expert. And so a lot of my clients, a little bit about my background, I've been in the mentoring coaching training industry for two decades, 20 years, I built seven different seven figure over a million dollar and they were multimillion dollar each each and every one of them. They were in the like two to $5 million dollar range of profit, not just revenue, actual profit, built seven of those businesses and three of them went on above the $10 million range, one of them did over $20 million in one year. And that same business has actually done over $100 million in the coaching and mentoring space. And so my experience of my background is in going from zero, no business, nobody following you, nobody knowing who you are, to astronomical numbers that are in the top point 1% of online marketers, coaches and mentors that are out there. Here's what I think that sets me apart that's unique is, first of all, I don't believe that I have ever let that success get to my head. I feel like I'm still in the trenches the same as each and every one of you. Every campaign that I'm testing, I'm curious to see the results, I still get those nerves in the beginning of it, I'm, I'm still. And I think that's what actually makes me so good at what I do is I can really relate with where a lot of people are at even though I've had this level of success. I know what works, what doesn't and how to get you results with your webinars. But I need you to do something, I need you to believe that it's possible for you today. Before we can go any further, I need you to take a step in the direction of Bill believing in your future income earning potential. See, I've worked with a lot of people over the years. And the thing that separates those that succeed from those that don't is how much they believe in themselves, how much they believe that they can earn in their business. And I'm not just talking about some kind of fake it till you make it BS I'm talking about you actually, in your core believe I can make 50k a month I can make 100k 200k a month. Because if you don't believe it, you're not going to achieve it.

[314:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is foundational to be able to do a webinar. Why is that? What you think about affects what comes out of your mouth and how you command the room in a live webinar. And if you're coming across as somebody who's timid, scared, worried, afraid, doesn't believe in themselves thinks that people will doubt them. That energy is gonna smell like garbage to people who are visiting and watching your webinar, and they are going to be so repulsed by it, that no matter how good your offer was, they're not going to buy from you. Unfortunately, that was the case in some of my early webinars that I did. I lacked a lot of self belief. Again, a little bit about my background. So I'm gonna like, how did you lack self belief, you just said that you made multiple, seven figure million dollar businesses. I experienced a lot of trauma in my life. That's basically how I would sum it up. And working with a therapist, is the only reason why I've been able to build a successful business today. I can work for other people. I can build their businesses, I can recommend what they should do. But when it comes to believing in myself, I had the lowest level of self esteem of probably anybody that I've ever met. You might be seeing me here today saying, There's no way Jeremiah, there's no way. I had no confidence to even show up on camera and deliver webinars like this. I avoided doing webinars for five years, six years, because I was afraid of what everybody would think about me. And I think that that's the number one thing that stops mentors and coaches is we let other people's opinions stop us. We let what other people think about us, control us. For you to be successful in your mentorship business, you need to be self assured of what's inside of you of the message that you have, and confident that no matter who is a naysayer, a heckler, a hater. Whoever comes at you, whoever tries to discredit you, whoever tries to scrutinize you listen, by the way, it's gonna happen. This is one of the parts that I gotta tell you about, that nobody talks about. It's not sexy, it's painful. There's a lot of mean people out there and they can hurt a whole lot. You know, even with my level of success, I have people to this day who come to me, and they will gaslight me into trying to believe that I have no skill set happened two months ago, had somebody come to me trying to tell me to second guess, if I had ever accomplished anything that I'd ever said that I would. And they started grilling me with questions to try to scrutinize the legitimacy of what I done. Interesting. And because of the trauma that I had experienced, I hadn't dealt with that, except with abusive situations. And so I literally didn't even notice it, I started to shrink back. Even me two months ago, because somebody started doing that with me, they started getting really negative, they started sending me nasty emails, I don't know what I think this person just got off on being negative and trying to get me to not believe in myself. There are people like that, who get off on trying to get other people to not believe in themselves. And, and maybe they feel like they're, you know, exposing other people that makes them feel like they're more powerful. I don't know what it is. If that's you here today, listen, you're you're not going to be satisfied with anything that I say. I'm probably not gonna be able to help you. If you're here today, to criticize and scrutinize and point out everything that I do wrong and say wrong and my business. I get it, I get them every time I do these webinars. If that's you, I'm sorry, you know, I hope you get some value from today. But I'm here to talk to the people that are willing to actually take action on what we're talking about, instead of coming up with excuses and reasons why they're not able to, and why they don't trust what we're talking about here today. So I just had to say that coming forward, you might say, Wow, they're my eyes really negative, you're being really negative right now. And I don't like that energy coming from you. Listen, when I host these live webinars like this for free, I get a wide range of people. And so when I would just I would just ask anybody who's here to hurl negativity or complain, to kindly leave so that I can focus on those that are actually looking to build a business that are actually looking to create cash flow in their businesses. And I say that every single time I do a webinar. Why? Because it helps me get in the right mental state of mind to be able to deliver the best maximum quality content that I can. And so one of the number one things about delivering a successful webinars you've got to be in your best state of mind. I want you to think about where you were the happiest and most confident in your life. And maybe you've not experienced that in years. I want you to first real eyes that it's possible for you to have more happy days in your life. That if you haven't been happy in years, it's possible for you to be. And that when you can learn to find excitement and joy, and even the hard things, such as delivering webinars and you find that you, you, you actually enjoy doing things like this that previously might even be different than your personality, you might not feel comfortable on camera, the more you do it, the more comfortable comfortable you get, you know, I got a hack for that. A trick for that, for those of you that are not comfortable on camera, there's a little trick that I that I did that got me really comfortable on camera, as I started just recording myself every single day. And putting it out there, regardless of how good or bad the video was. And I just committed to like a gym. Like a gym membership, like doing the reps to every day making a new video. And here's what ended up happening. I ended up discovering the parts of me that I had to challenge that were trying to get me to second guess my own message that were trying to silence me that were trying to make me so cautious and careful and afraid of what everybody else would think about me. And it allowed this version of me that you see today to start to flourish. And so a lot of people ask me, Jeremiah, what's your content strategy? What's your content strategy, I have no content strategy. That's the thing. We get all of our clients through webinars like this, that people have to register for. And we run paid ads to those people to get them on our email list. My Content is then to serve those people that are on my email list. And so if you follow my YouTube, if you follow my Facebook, my Instagram, all of my content is specifically geared for you, to encourage you in the specific areas that affect mentors, coaches, and trainers. And so if you want a little daily dose of encouragement, follow me on Instagram. If you want some real hefty content every single day coming at you to help you as a mentor and coach, listen to my podcast, over 230 episodes of the podcast, watch my YouTube videos, watch the videos on my Facebook. Those are designed to engage with people who join me for these webinars. And that are in our ecosystem. If you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you're a trainer, I create strategic, bite sized pieces of content to help you but my goal is not to use it as a piece of marketing to sell my stuff at all. I look at who is joining me for my webinars. What problems do they face on a regular basis? And how can I solve those problems with video content? And I'm literally just delivering content that I know is going to help people you know let's take a look at my podcast right here. I just want to show you this here real quick. On wiring approval seeking mindsets. This is our latest podcast episode from this last week. The dangers of impostor syndrome strategies to combat the undeniable link between financial self belief and financial success, ignoring the naysayers, example examples of facing scrutiny and staying true to your message. I was just talking about that. How to pivot into the most profitable niche in your business. The power the power of disappointing other people this one's a really good one. making millions by breaking all the rules if you don't notice I'm a rule breaker. I don't fit into the box of what everybody else says quote unquote, I got video games here behind me you know i i got some of my favorite video games, the Zelda series. Right here. I love the Zelda series. He pulled this up. I got some video game console boxes up there. One of the first sports games that I ever played right here. This is my this is my office. This is you know, I got Tom Clancy's The sum of all fears. I love this book right here. Have a signed World Series Baseball from Mike moose daucus Kansas City Royals, this little fun stuff replica, World Series trophy why am I showing you all this?

[471:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why am I sharing all this because I break the rules. Because I don't fit into the mold of what people see as a perfect online marketer. And yet we make millions in our business by being authentically ourselves. And that's what I want to encourage you more than anything else. For you to be successful with the webinars with webinars that don't even talk right half the time for you to be successful with webinars. You got to work out what's between your two ears because here's what ends up happening. You'll host a webinar and you'll second guess yourself every time you say something, they'll talk yourself out of what's actually going to help you in your webinar, you'll end up being so structured and rigid that it's uncomfortable for people to be a part of. And so by getting better at your delivery by getting better at your presentation ability, and by actually following a strategic framework process that we've developed for our webinars that I'm going to walk you through here, right now we have a three part framework that we use for every single webinar. This three part framework is the difference maker between successful webinars, and those that fail, and I'm gonna walk you through that here in just a second. But you got to work out what's between your two ears. We can't come to the table worried that people aren't going to like us, they're not going to listen to us, and they're not going to buy from us. So we've got to challenge where did those beliefs come from? Where did the worry and fear come from? Whatever if nobody buys from you, what's the worst case scenario? Why is that so bad? Oh, I would lose money. You know, people lose money driving to work to and from work, half the time trying to find their jobs. And yet we're afraid to lose $30 To test the campaign out. I know, it's more than that for most people's campaigns. But I mean, seriously, here's the thing, here's the problem we got to get to, and I'm shooting with you straight the same way I do with my client base, to people who actually coach with me, because no point me being any different. You have to learn to accept risk, you have to learn to be okay with things not going your way. And you have to be willing to test and experiment things out. You're not ever going to know guaranteed perfectly, what's going to produce a result for you in your business. And I think that that's a big facade that people believe in, they believe in this idea that if only I just do everything perfect, then I will produce the results of my business when in fact, getting it done getting it out there launching something imperfectly just to see what kind of feedback you get from people see there's a there's a fourth part of the webinar or framework that I haven't even shared with anybody that you have to make sure that you get and that fourth part is the feedback loop. And so here's what we need to do, we need to be able to host the webinar, you deliver value during the webinar. And some of you might be saying, well, how do I I don't even know how to get people to my webinar, we'll cover that here too, as well. Okay. But I want to talk about like actually delivering the presentation. Because those are the kind of the two most important parts, we got to get people there, get the right people there, and AI can help with a lot of that. And then we have to actually deliver the presentation, we actually have to deliver what the outcome is to this, okay. But the fourth part is after we deliver the presentation, we get feedback from people as to what they thought about it as to what they wanted to learn as to where they're stuck. And you gather that feedback, and you put it together. And what we get to do is we get to use chat GPT to be able to come up with the best way to serve people in our webinars. And so there's a process to doing all of this, that I'm going to show you here by the end of this training that I'm going to walk you through so that you can start to get more results with your webinars. So it starts with figuring out what do we talk about? What do we make the topic about? And then how do we actually deliver an incredible presentation. If you don't know what topic to make a webinar about? Chat GPT has a great resource for you. So you gotta at least have like your niche figured out at someone right? I'm hosting a webinar all about gut health, and doing tests to heal your gut and balance hormones for women over 45 years old. Generate me 20 possible titles for this webinar. Chat GPT is the AI tool that we use to be able to figure out some of these ideas for our webinars. This gives us ideas for names for our webinar that we could call it navigating gut health and hormonal balance and your prime beyond 45 Okay, this is cool, but I'm going to stop this. Can you generate me 20 other topics other than this webinar that might also be relevant to my audience that I could make webinars about? Some of you are seeing this right now you've never used chat GPT? How does it work? Who is he talking to? It's an artificial intelligence engine that I'm asking these questions of, this is great. These are some great ideas, mindful eating the power of sleep, stress management, bone health, rediscovering fitness, natural remedies for aging. And by the way, I actually have ran an offer in the space, I found that beauty from within natural remedies and having more energy, being rejuvenated, are three really good hooks. Even if you're selling gut health, those are really good hooks, as far as that goes in that niche in that industry is around the results that people actually want. So we can charge up to that, what are 20 desired outcomes or results someone would want from working with a mentor who's hosting this webinar. So we can take a look here and see what chat GPT generates, as results from somebody or desired outcomes, they hope to receive improved gut health, balanced hormones, reduce reduced symptoms, personalized strategies, and by the way, we can dive deeper into a lot of this, we can say, generate me a list of 20 things that happen when you balance your hormones, a list of 20 possible symptoms. Symptoms that are reduced as a result. And this is how I take chat GPT and I dive deeper into different topics that it generates, to start to really look at beneath the surface as to what we could build offers or webinars around, you could build a webinar around any of these ideas right here benefits of balanced hormones, you could do a clearer skin webinar, you could do a better memory webinar, you could do a libido webinar, you could do a healthier hair webinar, you could do a fertility webinar, specifically around healing gut health. And so that's where a lot of people like they would just launch a webinar on gut health. This is what was happening with my client Dawn, she was just launching one webinar around one topic. And I said, let's take a look at some fringe topics that are related to this that are relevant to your target customer. And what are some symptoms that you can solve in this. And so a lot of it was mood swings, chronic fatigue and weight gain, specifically around having more energy, overall, having more energy, less anxiety, better memory. And so she was able to build an offer around that. And so that's what's really cool is you can use chat GBT to brainstorm ideas about what you're actually going to create your webinar for. Okay. And then what we do is we actually have a process that we teach you. I'm gonna go into this a little bit here. But here's what I want to encourage you with, listen, go over to my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com. If you're like you want some of these different prompts, that I'm typing in the chat, GPT, go grab my free chat GPT prompt download, document, this document in this file has all of the prompts that I've put together that I work with people through to get them results in their businesses, okay. And so this is what's generated us over eight figures, I'm going to have you put in your name and email address or your email address in here. So that then you can go back to your email software, whether it be your Gmail, or your yahoo or whatever. And you can type in chat GPT, Jeremiah, and it will actually pull up the email that I send you in there and you'll be able to find it, you'll never lose it by having this so you can download it. It's a Google Doc that has all these prompts that we use for sales copy for our webinars that we use for Facebook ads that we use for identifying what to talk about in our webinar.

[631:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, I can say this, I could say generate me a an outline for a two hour webinar all about the above. That will be used to promote a $997 coaching program at the end, and watch it'll literally generate you a an outline for your webinar that you could follow and edit and fit into whatever your topic is. So you can see your chat GBT is really valuable and being able to do this, being able to help you put together your webinar, outline your webinar topics, things like that. The science behind hormones, changes after 40 benefits of balance hormones, sharing those benefits, diving deep into the different benefits sharing all about this is actually making a great webinar. Symptoms, presentation of them a deep dive, chronic fatigue, mood swings, more testimonies, strategies for achieving balance. This is great. This is this would make a great webinar, you're informing them, you're giving solutions. And then it shows doing a q&a when I would flip it to where you have your your call to action introducing your actual program. I will have the q&a be after you introduce the program. But other than that, look at that. It's pretty good as far as generating an outline for that. Now let's say this watch this. Can you crap, can you edit this webinar outline to fit into Russell Bronson's perfect webinar formula. Certainly Russell Brunson, his webinar formula is a proven structure designed to engage educate and convert webinar attendees. Introduction qualifying yourself the core content, secret one, two and three, transition to the offer, present the offer stacking the value call to action, let's adapt the previously provided webinar to this structure. This is awesome. How chat, GBT is actually able to do this, and put together the formula for a really good webinar for really good content, the hidden connection between gut health and hormones, that will be the core content that you're going to share the life changing benefits of hormonal balance, secret number two, and then overcoming the silence symptoms of hormonal imbalance. And so that becomes your content. And then what you're doing is you're building up to the actual offer by sharing testimonies and case studies and presenting people with a solution that they'll be able to buy your coaching program with you. Okay, so our three part framework follows that formula. But what I do is this as I have three parts, and three segments that I call for my perfect webinar formula that I use. And I find, it just keeps things very simple to just do these three parts, every single webinar that I've ever done, even this one right now, is actually built on these three parts. I'm actually following this exact same formula right now. So the three parts that we do when we're actually creating a webinar that's actually going to convert to sales, is I split it up into like three chunks. So a 90 minute webinar like this, you're looking at the first 30 minutes. And what I focus on is I have basically three versions of what I'm going to talk about three different topics, the webinars really broken down into three mini webinars. And if you go back and you watch this webinar, you're literally going to be able to see and break down exactly what that looks like. Okay. And what we're going to do after this webinar is I have a special gift for you that I'm going to share with you at the end of this webinar that I'm going to actually email you, that's going to help you map out your strategic webinar by following this exact same format that we're doing as well. Okay, so what we do as we split the webinar into these 330 minute 30 minute 30 minute chunks, and sometimes I make this only 15 minutes, and I might make this one be 45. But I generally always go 1/3 of the webinar at the beginning here 1/3 or in between a little bit at the at the middle and then at the end, okay. And every single webinar that we do, follows this formula right here, this three step framework. It's the most effective way to get people to become a client of yours. Okay, so first off, we want to build out what is the actual webinar topic that we want to create, then we have to create a landing page, a webinar page, where people register for it, okay, and I'm gonna I'm going to show you something here at the end that's going to help you a whole lot to put that together very simply and very easily for you. By the way, if you hear we got some yard guys doing some yard service outside, so I'm not sure if that's coming through The microphone too much. But I'm going to keep going with going for it here. They were supposed to come a little bit later, but that's okay. So at the end of this though, like I told you, I'm going to be giving you something that's going to help you actually put together your landing page, your lead magnet, what you actually make the webinar be about what structures the topic and we're gonna use AI and chat GBT to put all of that together, I'm going to show you how how you're gonna be able to run Facebook ads, how you're gonna be able to market and promote your webinar to actually get people to show up. But the first step of getting people to show up is actually making the topic be something that people care about, okay. So like what I showed you here, to be able to pick certain topics that people want, right? I could host different webinars on different topics. And we've tested them, if I host a webinar on using Facebook ads to get more clients, I get a ton of people who show up. If I host a webinar on starting a mentorship business, I get a ton of people who show up. If I host a webinar on on running successful webinars, a lot less people show up, but they're more qualified people. So you see what I'm saying so, so less isn't always a bad thing, if they're more qualified and strategic for what your for what you're offering. And I believe that right now, if you're on here, right now, if you're watching this right now, if you're connecting through this training with me, that you're getting some kind of value out of this, okay, and so that's what we want to do is we want to pick what is the topic that I'm gonna create a webinar on, we create a landing page, we're going to talk about that here in just a little bit. We get people to register for it. And here's what I would recommend have a specific date and time that they register for. So like, let's just let's just reverse engineer my webinar landing page right here. September 23, at 12pm, Eastern 9am. Pacific. If anybody wants this training with me, they have to show up at that time. They have to actually be here at that time. And I made it very clear as to who it's for, what's going to be taught who it's not for. And why should somebody should attend. Okay. So that's what we want to do is we want to put that together and reverse engineer that, for what our webinars are, we want to create a landing page like this, which I'm going to be talking about here in just a second, about putting the landing page together how we actually do that. But I need to I need to break this down for you before we get there. Okay. We got testimonies on here, people scroll down. They fill in their name and email address. And they sign up for a training on Saturday, right now, right now, this is how you got here, right now, you signed up for it. Like I don't need to explain that very much, you know, the process you went through. And so the next page like after somebody does that,

[772:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: is we have an upsell of some kind. I like pricing these between seven and $27. And by the way, if you're on here today, and you want to ask me questions, I'm not going to be taking or answering any of the questions that you're asking here live during the main session. I appreciate that. I'll read them. I do read them. But I don't actually answer them live. Okay. If you want to ask me questions, jump into the VIP. For today, it's only seven bucks, it's a great deal. And you get lifetime access to this training. Which by the way, this training alone, I think is one of the best trainings I've ever put together on on doing webinars. So because of that, I really would recommend that you go grab this VIP upgrade and and you get three bonus trainings as well. The finding your niche bundle, the VIP six figure lead magnet training, really great training about putting together a lead magnet, and the growing your email list training again about creating an offer that strategically grows your email list. Okay. And so that's only seven bucks right there. But that's part of the that's part of the offer that we put together. So we have the webinar, we have the invitation. And we're right, we ran this as ads on Facebook. We ran this as as ads on the sidebar and on the on the news feed on Facebook. See these ads as we're scrolling like this is an ad right here. Here's the ad right here. We ran ads on Facebook, specifically to people that are looking to run webinars and that's how you registered and got here today or you are on my email list from another previous webinar. Are that I did. That's the other way that I get people to join us for the webinars, people who previously have joined me for one of my other trainings, I am constantly innovating and coming up with ideas for different trainings and topics and things that I could create and put out there to deliver value to you. Okay. And so that's like, that's what, that's what my mission is, is to continue creating value for the people that are on my email list, so that they eventually jump into my group coaching program. Right now, you know, our group coaching program, the client growth accelerator, it's one of the best group coaching programs out there, because we have, we have every single thing that you could think of that you would want to learn, we have a course for it in our training vault, I'm in there personally guiding you and providing step by step support and accountability and helping work through your business to help you put offers out there to help you launch your offers, I'm coming alongside you and walk you through that whole process in our accelerator. But enrollment isn't open to this right now. So the best thing that you can do is join me for one of these free trainings that I have, and I'll send you those in an email. Okay. So just like, I want you to translate this, why, like, why am I walking you through this? Do as I do, copy me. Copy what I'm doing. copy what I do, that's the best thing, the best way to copy what I'm doing. Get into my coaching group, when we open the doors to it, work with me through putting all of this together in your business, and start to get clients in your business start to get results. That's how we have these client results that you see on this page here. That's how people like Bobby, we're able to make six figures, people like Judy able to make six figures, people like Dr. Shawn deep and Don and Joshua and Rick, and my mom is even using webinars, that's how she's getting people to join her for her business. Because there's a best way to do that. But each webinar that we run, follows this same framework. So you have a page that people register for. I was reading those testimonies on the site. So I was looking over here, you have a page where people register for it. And then you send them, once they register, you send some kind of a an email or an auto responder or something that thanks them, that gives them a link on how to actually access the training. So like this one, live on Zoom, I sent you links to access the Zoom link I sent you links to add it to your to your calendar. Okay. Let's just let's just go back in here, I'm gonna show you this, we use a tool called, let me just skip this page here. Go to the free welcome page. There's this tool right here that adds it to your calendar, that will literally add it to your calendar, to be able to add an event to your calendar right here to remind you of when the live event is. And so we found that that's really effective, to make sure people actually show up. And then we have the Facebook group and the pre trainings and and we've put this together strategically, to make sure that people actually engage and show up with us. And so then what I have is like when people join the Facebook group, there's questions that are asked in the Facebook group. And the pre trainings are in here. And the questions are asking people, What are you struggling with in your business? What would you like break through on? How would you like to be able to get coaching from Jeremiah? These are the three questions that are asked in the Facebook group. And I have a document that I actually copy and paste all of those answers over to and we then bring it back into chat CPT to analyze those answers. Some of you might be saying, okay, Jeremiah, you're making my head spin. You're making my head spin. What does any of this have to do with webinars? How do I make money? How do I make this all work for me? The more you can learn about your target client, by having a feedback loop going by having them telling you what are they struggling with? What do they want to learn? By having them in their own words. You want some mechanism to survey your audience that's joining you for your webinar to tell you in their own words. And I'm by the way, I would recommend doing it up front not later, because you'll actually get more responses by doing it right away. That's why I have a Facebook group that people go into with the pre trainings that have those questions that are asked of what are you struggling with the most in creating live webinars? What would you like to learn from Jeremiah and I had that document and I'm able To analyze, in their own words, in people's own words exactly what they're struggling with what they're dealing with. And then that helps us figure out and laser in on, what are the best topics to create for our webinars. So for me, I don't worry that what I talk about is going to be relevant for people, I literally doesn't cross my mind. Because I know that it's relevant based off of the feedback loop that we created. You guys are telling me what you want to learn from me. And I'm delivering that value in that content to you. Again, do as I do, in your own business with your own webinars, putting your own process together, do and follow along exactly as I do. There's no reason to reinvent the wheel or try to figure this out. For your site for your situation, I get your situations unique. If you apply and do as I do in your niche, it will work will it work and make you millions right away? No, that will be a pipe dream. It might not produce the kind of results you want right away. And I'm sorry, if you don't want to hear that. But that's the truth. I wouldn't listen to a coach or mentor who blow smoke up my button much more than anybody else. And so I'm not gonna blow smoke up your backside. I'm going to tell you the truth your first webinar may not do so well. One of the biggest things that stops people from succeeding is there waiting until they can guarantee that their first webinar does well. And they have this idea of what you can only set one first impression. And perfectionism gets festered in their head, and causes them to not do anything for months at a time because of a quote unquote, spirit of excellence that needs everything to be perfect. I'm sorry, that's pride. That's your ego. And that is not healthy behavior. And it's not going to help you create a business that makes a lot of money. And I'm passionate about this, because I see this stop people more than anything else. Why am I passionate about this? You might think that this is weird that I'm passionate about this. Because it's more than anything else, that I see incredible mentors, and coaches and people that shouldn't be making millions second guessing themselves and talking themselves out of putting a webinar out there because they're not ready yet. All because they're just unsure, is it going to convert to sales, instead of having what we call an experimentation mindset. Instead of letting our fears and our worries dictate to us what we're willing to take action on doing. putting yourself out there, and being willing to just see what happens. And if you follow our system, I'm going to give you the most effective strategy that's going to work I'm gonna give you this the exact strategy that we're using that we use to this day that works.

[928:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you got to pull the trigger, you got to let go of the brake and you got to pull the bungee cord and go after your dreams, go after your goals and not talk yourself out of it. Like 98% of mentors and coaches do why is it that so few people make the this kind of money in coaching? See that's a facade a lot of people think it's well, because there's too much competition? No, it's because most people are just unwilling to put themselves out there. That's it. Mozilla just, they're so worried about it being perfect. And how it's gonna represent them, my goodness, can I just say this, get over yourself. And I get that that might be offensive to some of you 100% get that, but I gotta shoot straight with you. Your initial webinar is not that serious. It's not. It's a test run. Just to see what happens so that you can get better at it. Go into it, believing that your first couple webinars aren't even going to be perfect. I don't know anybody who their first time out. It was perfect. I just I don't. And yet I meet people. That's the number one reason they don't even put themselves out there. And it's these internal beliefs that they have. It's these beliefs that well, if it's not to the standard that I feel good enough to attach my name to that I'm not going to put it out there. That thinking will keep you so broke. When it's possible for you to make a ton of money in your business. Having an experimentation mindset being willing to test things out just to see what happens just to have fun with it. That's what produces results. And so you might be wondering, like, what do you put in these three segments right here? Well, that's what I'm going to share with you. And I'm gonna share with you how do you actually get people to show up and actually register for your webinar as well. The first part some of you have already caught on to this by paying attention to what did I talk about in the first 30 minutes of this webinar? vision casting possibilities. Stories, your own personal story and track record. mind set, thinking and here's the cool part about doing this. When you make the first 33% of your webinar focus on this, it does a great job of weeding out all the negative people. They log off because they're not happy with the fact that you spent 30 minutes talking about happiness. And we've actually found that this is a this is a why is that a benefit, because they were never going to buy from you in the first place. And it actually trains the algorithm on your Facebook ads to show the ads to better more qualified people by getting them out of your ecosystem. So a big part of in your webinar, you actually want this beginning portion. See, some people are like, Oh, my God, people don't have 30 minutes to sit through that I want to I don't want to waste anybody's time. But I don't want people to think that I'm wasting their time. I've heard it all before. I've heard people complain that I wasted their time doing this. It's effective. And that's the reason why we do it. Because the most effective way to start a webinar is by taking the first 30 minutes and just talking about possibilities, just talking about dreams and goals and vision and what's possible, and believing that things are possible for them and getting people to realize that it's all what's between their two years, no matter what you're doing. It all starts with mindset. No matter what you're offering, no matter what you're promoting, it all starts with mindset. And that and that in the middle portion. That's why we take 30 to 45 minutes to do this. This is what we call practical implementation. This is the promised content. This is what you actually said the webinar was about. So if I say my webinars about getting more clients with live webinars, the middle portion is going to be that promised content, where I'm going to go through the meat and potatoes of what it's actually going to take to get people results. And this is where listen, you don't hold back. A lot of people asked me this question, Jeremiah, how do you know how much content to hold back? And to not give away too much in that part right there? See, I'm bringing the answers to you that comes straight from my high level coaching group. I'm not holding anything back. If you can't tell. Nothing that I'm talking about right now is holding back anything. And if you join me in the VIP, you're gonna see, we don't hold anything back when it comes to us asking questions. If you're plugged in with me right now, you have no reason to be stuck in your business. You can go on my social media any day of the week and ask me a question about your business. You can go on my youtube and ask me questions about your business about getting results. Yet very few people take advantage of that. Very few people do. I don't want to bother you, Jeremiah. Great. That's the level of how much you you don't want to be successful. Gosh, we have to stop worrying so much about what other people think about us and managing other people's feelings and emotions and trying to please everybody. That's why your webinars don't work. That's why most people's webinars don't work is they're too caught up and making everybody happy with them. We're too caught up in pleasing everybody with our webinar. We're too caught up and doing it right. doing right by other people. And listen, you might you might argue with me on this. Well, yeah, isn't that a good thing to do? Of course that comes from a good place. But when that's your main focus, you completely miss what actually produces financial results in your business. You know, there's two most important things when it comes to a mentorship business results that you can get your clients that's the most important thing and cashflow fine chances, bringing in 10,000 20,000 $30,000 per month actually closing sales and getting people to become a client of yours, not just working hours for free, because you quote unquote want to help people. And I get it, you got into coaching because you wanted to help people. The problem is that you end up then running webinars and that same wanting to help people ends up preventing you from actually making money. It's a, it's, it's the craziest thing to me. But I see it happen with dozens and dozens of people. Your webinars a piece of marketing, your webinar, the entire intention behind your webinars, sure, you might be providing great content. And trust me, I am providing, like, ridiculously valuable content to you right today. I can't even believe I'm giving this away for free. But the entire purpose is sales and marketing, to get people on your email list, to be able to present them, your offer to be able to get them to buy from you. And so you have to think about it still, from that perspective that the goal is to close sales, that the goal is to actually get people to buy from you that the goal is to actually get people to purchase from you. And so that's what the last portion of the webinar is right here. This last portion is what we call the sales pitch. The presentation, this is the part of the webinar where you actually sell what it is that you're going to offer people. Now obviously, in this webinar, we don't have a sales pitch at the end of this webinar. But if we did, it would go in the very end of the webinar training itself, it would go at the very end. And here's what I encourage people to do. If somebody has sat through at least 66 to 70% of your webinar already. They're ready and primed for some kind of a, what's next, a sales pitch of some kind, they're primed and ready for that. And yet we get we get so timid and so afraid, and so worried of are they going to like me, or they're going to accept me, it's all what's going on up here. And we ended up concerning ourselves. And then our energy comes across as somebody that doesn't believe in ourselves, it comes across like a like a desperate teenage boy trying to get the the prom queen to go out with them. You know the example of that, the desperate the the desperate teenagers, like kind of staring at that and not that like not the pretty love story kind like the creepy love story kind.

[1087:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what I'm talking about. And that's what ends up happening with our webinars, we end up coming across like we're creepy and weird, and not somebody people should do business with not somebody who's credible, even if you're credible. And that's the crazy part about it. I've worked with a lot of people with their webinars, I've worked with them, that our clients are highly credible, and what they do, they have incredible value and messages and what they're doing, and they're helping so many people. But oftentimes when they start with their webinars, they're they're struggling, they struggled to put it together in this way. And then when it comes to the sales pitch, they really get uncomfortable selling to people. So what you got to realize is this sales is just building trust with people, you're just building trust with people, when you flip your perspective on sales, that sales is trust building, it changes the game completely. And by me saying that now you can see my webinar, even though I'm not selling something at the end, if sales is trust building, I'm selling simply by delivering value to you. Because I'm building my Trust Bank with you. I'm building trust with you that I can deliver better than other mentors and coaches that are out there. And I promise you this, if you're in our coaching group, you are going to get way better coaching than you will from anybody else's. That sounds crazy and arrogant for me to say, if I didn't hear it from all of our clients that are in there, I'm just quoting what our members say that they're in all these other trainings and coaching programs and stuff like that, and that our program is literally heads in above, way better than any other program that's out there. And so again, I'm not selling to you. There's not a sales pitch, but I'm selling and I'm seeding the idea and that's what you want to do in your webinars. And when you do it effectively the right people eventually He will come around and become a client of yours. I know that the right people who are on here today that are listening to this will eventually come around and become a client of ours. But I'm not so desperate that I need every single person to agree with me or like me or anything like that. And what's crazy is this, once you have that attitude that you're not concerned, are they going to like me? Are they going to accept me? Are they going to buy into what I'm saying? Are they going to, are they going to purchase from me, and we don't come across with that desperate energy. It attracts way more people to us. We're, as human beings, we are attracted to confident people that are not desperate, that don't need our money, that don't need anything from us. And we're repulsed and repelled by people that are needy. Right. And so that's something that you can actually work on and cultivate inside of you. It's a mindset thing for me, I had to I had to work with a therapist to really get to that place, because I doubted myself constantly. But one of the techniques that I used was self compassion, giving myself a high five, believing in myself, encouraging myself being the biggest cheerleader for myself that I can be. And, you know, coming from the abuse that I experienced, and being around narcissists, who a lot of people say a narcissist is self absorbed and things like that, I was concerned with being that way of the people that had hurt me. And I had learned from my therapist that first off, that I'm not that way, that a people pleaser isn't that the way that I'm being isn't that way, and that there's a healthy level of self esteem and self belief that's actually very attractive, and very, very much a good thing. And so what I've discovered is that by having that healthy level of self esteem, I don't need to prove myself to anybody, I don't need to prove myself to you, I don't need to prove myself to anybody in my business. I because I know that I know that I know that we have the best training, the best coaching, the best mentoring, and that these processes that we are using in our business, that our clients are using work and produce results. And so there's no question about that, no matter who questions us. I'll host webinars like this all the time. And I'll get email sent to me of somebody who is ripping into every little piece of what I said during the webinar and trying to discredit me. And it used to bother me, and now it doesn't, it's like, no big deal. I don't care doesn't bother me at all. And that's a level of confidence, I believe that you can develop that you can get to that's very healthy. And when you give a wet when you when you present a webinar from that place, that you're not concerned, you're not worried you're disinterested in getting into the drama, or the weeds of anybody's negativity, and you're just there to deliver value, present an opportunity to those that can hear it. And you're willing to let go of those that don't you're not trying to make anybody be convinced about you. Oh, if that's one of the biggest mistakes I see people make with webinars, they're trying to convince people that they should work with them. So the fastest way to convince people to run, okay. And this is what we work with people through in our in our mentorship program, this is what I want to see you start to do to succeed, create an offer, create a webinar, create something that solves a problem for people that you do live to do a presentation and then create a program that might be between 500 to $2,000. And sell that to people who join you for that webinar. And this is what we call putting together an irresistible offer. I believe that group mentoring is the best way to make the most amount of money in a mentorship business. one on one coaching is very limited by how much finances you can bring in because you're just trading dollars for hours with one on one coaching. And so what we teach is a group mentorship group coaching model, putting together these irresistible Group offers that deliver results and close sales for our clients, even as upwards as 36 times their ad spend. And so this is something that I wanted to show you is especially if you're wondering, you know, how do I put together that landing page, we use chat GBT to do all of that. But I want to take some time to really unpack this with you deeper, because this is the most important part of actually getting clients in your business and actually getting people to show up to your webinar is really crafting that irresistible offer. Really putting something together that connects with people at that level that gets them to say, Okay, this is what I want. This is what I've been looking for. And really when you do it, right. It's what they've been praying for as well. And so, next week starting on Monday Starting this coming Monday, I'm actually hosting a five day it's totally free, intensive, called build and launch your profitable group mentorship offer. And so here's what we recommend that you do to actually build one of those profitable offers is, this is what we're going to be working on during these five days, you build out a paid offer, that cost between 497 and $2,000. Okay, that's your paid offer, this is what people are buying from you at the end of it. Oops, let me pull this up on the screen here. That's what they're buying from you. At the same time, you want to have some kind of a free offer, with a low cost vi VIP upgrade between seven, and $27. And you get and what this is, is this is the webinar content. And you could either do a one day webinar, you could do a three day intensive mastermind, you could do a five day deal, like that's what I'm doing, I'm hosting a five day intensive right here totally free. We're going to do an hour a day at 2pm Eastern to work with you through where I'm gonna come alongside you and walk you through the process of building and launching a profitable group mentorship offer. Okay, so what we do is we have a free offer. And then we have a paid offer right here. And these two things are generally related to each other. And they're targeted towards the same person. So the idea is we hone in on who that person is, we get them on our email list with a free offer over here. And then we use that to sell whatever it is that we're offering at the paid offer here. And here's the magic behind it is you're able to qualify people based on it being a really good fit for what their goals are. And so that's the secret sauce behind it that we're going to be diving into, during this five days together, how to create and launch an exceptional world class online offer that you can be proud of and eager to sell. That's key without needing to be tech savvy, without being internet famous or having any success online, without being salesy without being slimy without being sleazy either. Just by being authentically yourself,

[1242:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: getting your business off the ground, getting more people into your pipeline, we're gonna go over how to craft an irresistible group mentorship offer that has clients begging to join you this is completely free. By the way, this is a free gift to every single one of you that's watching this right now to join us starting on Monday. And by the way, we're only going to be doing this this coming week after this, we have no plans to do this again. And the recordings are only online for one week, until October 3. So you have a week to watch the recordings, there is a VIP upgrade, we can by the by the lifetime access to the recordings. But this is what's going to help you actually get people to show up to your webinar, how to craft that irresistible offer. How to lower your dream clients to you our proven process for launching offers that are the most effective and have the minor amount of headaches, we use chat GPT for the whole process. Remember, I told you to go download my chat GBT prompt download document from my website, we're going to be using that the whole time, specifically, the very first section of it. And you can kind of skip ahead and kind of see how it works. The sales copy prompts that we have here are what help us figure out the pain points of our customer, how to craft an epiphany bridge, how to create the most effective, most persuasive sales letter that closes sales and gets people to actually become clients and actually get them to opt in and sign up with us. So that's what we're going to be doing together. We're going to be putting this together and putting your irresistible offer together the whole time throughout this whole thing. We're going to create your perfect mentorship offer. On day one, we're going to go over, we're going to take what we just learned today. And we're going to go over how to use chat GPT to actually figure out how to communicate the value of that topic because that's really one of the most important parts. If we take a look at my offer right here for this event. These words right here that are on the page. These are written by chat GPT we use chat CBT to write these headlines to write the words that are on this landing page. In fact, this whole landing page right here was written with chat GPT We used it to create this offer copy to create this landing page copy. And we base it off of the answers from the feedback loop that we got from people that had actually registered for our previous offers. So we took what people were already telling us that they wanted to learn what they were struggling with. And we filter that into the offer. And that becomes what we launch out there. We run paid advertising to we get people registered for. And now here you are today watching this right now. And so that's what we're going to be going over during these five days together is actually putting your irresistible offer together. How do you position your offer for maximum profit and impact? How to create an offer that's going to get you 36 times return on your ad spend? What are the exact words that you say during the offer to get people to say yes, and to buy from you instead of just ignoring it? And then this is a big one, how do you simplify everything with technology, simplify the technology and still automate things. So that you don't have to be so hands on with everything, you could actually step aside and have your system run itself, it doesn't need to be overwhelming, or scary, I'm going to simplify everything for you about using very simple tech tools that are going to get you massive results. And then the last most important part of the of the five day intensive, actually getting people to buy from you and your mentorship. Actually getting them to take that next step with you actually getting them to say, Okay, I'm ready to take that next step, to take that leap, and to purchase what it is that you're offering. And so that's what that's what we're going to be going over during those five days together. If you want to get more people on your webinar, you have to have an irresistible offer, you have to have something that solves a problem that people actually have. And you have to get very specific as to who you're wanting to help. This is one of the mistakes I see a lot of people make their way too generic. They're way too general and who they're trying to help. They're just trying to expose people to what they do. And they don't actually talk about a real specific problem. So that's one of the keys that we're going to be going over is identifying what are the best specific problems to solve? What are the best outcomes to help people with? And then how do you translate that into sales for you. You might be feeling overwhelmed by all the information on how to get clients. If you follow this process, it's the simplest, least stressful, easiest to follow to get results. You're not sure if you can grow your business you don't like how much money you're making, and you might even feel like quitting in your business. Don't quit. Join us for these five days and get razor sharp clarity and a roadmap in your coaching business. Get the confidence boost that you need to be able to make the kind of money that you want to make in your business, have a fresh, tangible action plan of what to do step by step to get results to actually get people to show up and actually buy from you and get a proven tested strategy that's going to work. To start to get results for you in your mentorship business. I'd love to see you join us. For these five days it's completely free. no risk to you. You have until October 3 To watch the recordings. If you want to get lifetime access. Let's just log in here there is a VIP upgrade. And listen I'll say this if you if you upgraded already, today's VIP, this VIP for the five day intensive is not included with that. Those are two separate VIPs. We're about to go into that VIP room to answer any questions that people might have any event VIP questions after today's training here. There's still time to upgrade to today's VIP by the way, you can click the link that we have here in the chat to upgrade to today's VIP. And you'll get the bonus trainings the recording of today. And the chance to go ask me in a private Zoom Room here in about 510 minutes. Your questions in today's VIP. But for the five day intensive, we're taking that a step further. You get five days of q&a with me in a row Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. You know my coaching program isn't open right now. But these five days that you're gonna get as part of the backstage pass here are going to be able to take you from where you are get you unstuck answer any questions that you have, and be able to give you the support and guidance that you need to be able to create the results that you want in your business. You're also going to get the recordings of the main sessions to keep for life. And the four bonus trainings chat GBT prompts for sales letters. What do you actually put to craft and your sales letter? I actually put this training together as part of our high level group mastermind. The client growth hacks All right, but I pulled this training out to give to you as part of this VIP. How do you get unstuck to take massive action? That's a big one. You know, for years I spent stuck, wondering how to move forward, I'm gonna give you my strategy on how to do that with this training, and then how to not burn yourself out. Nobody wants to be burnt out. Listen, you might be hearing what I'm talking about today and saying, Jeremiah, that sounds like a lot of work. That sounds like a recipe for burnout. No, no, no, not if you know how to do it the right way. Not if you know how to structure things the right way that we mentor people on I want to see you work in less than five hours a week. That's the life that our clients live, that's the life that I live in. That's the life that you can live as well. And that you don't have to work so hard to get the results that you want. This can be a side thing that you can do, and you can do other stuff at the same time. That's what it is, for me, I get to spend time with my family. I still get to play video games, and still have a multimillion dollar business. Why? Because it's strategically designed that way to be able to produce those kinds of results. And so listen, I'm excited to work with you. I'm excited to see you on this. Oh yeah, there's one more other bonus training, the VIP mindset training. This is a VIP strategic mindset training just for those that are in this session to help you work on and take your mindset to the next level. The early bird upgrade price ends at midnight on the first day of the event Monday, September 25. And so it's just $27, then the price of the VIP upgrade will be going up. And so if you don't want to pay more later, and you want to get access to these five days, the VIP, the q&a, the recordings of the sessions, and you want to join us and get the whole package, jump in upgrade to that VIP and I cannot wait to see you there. Here's something I just want to end this with. I believe that you have something inside of you that can impact people. I believe that coaches changed the world. My life was impacted for the first time by a coach and mentor

[1393:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: that I was working with her name was Danny Johnson and I went to a seminar and I learned for the first time what personal development was I had no clue I was I was growing up in a in a in a blue collar house for my dad worked at General Motors. And my mom was she had built an online business I was conflicted by having a wealthy mom and a very poor minded father. And I didn't know what was possible out there for me. And I got exposed to this world of mentorship and training, and got to be able to even work to put together million dollar campaigns for this company that I started that I got introduced to Danny johnson.com. But it had changed my life and it changed my family's life. The trajectory of our future changed by meeting Danny johnson.com. And as as our first coach and mentor, and so that I endorsed their coaching are their training right now. There's some things I didn't agree with back then. But it was the catalyst that got me and my family out of poverty. And where we are today, we got out of debt, we got out of bad habits. And we're growing a legacy for my son. We're impacting millions of lives, I have a calling to help mentors, trainers and coaches become multimillionaires. And I believe that you're a part of that. And I want to help you get results in your business. The only reason why I do what I do is to get you results. And so I want you to start to pay it forward, I want you to step up, I want you to say no more, I'm not going to let my excuses stop me from stepping into the calling that I have in my life to impact people. And to start to learn to put together an irresistible offer that converts to sales for you in your business. And that's what we're going to be going over during this five days together. Man there are going to be lives that are changed by this. I know that there will be I can feel it already. I feel that every time that we host these, but this one is going to be really special. I really think so. And I'm excited to see you there with me. I'm excited for you to join me during this five day intensive. I'm excited for those of you who upgraded to the VIP for this and I cannot wait to see you there. jump in now. Listen, I'm gonna go head on over to our VIP for today's session right now to answer your questions. Again, if you haven't upgraded to that. You got the link the link is also in your email. We sent you the Zoom link for the VIP for the VIP for those who have registered. I'll see you over there in just a little bit. I'm gonna go to the restroom go to have have some more water and we'll talk soon have a good one.

