Wellness Webinar: Part 1 / July 24th, 2024
Date: 2024-07-25T02:42:57.000Z
Duration: 145 min
Otter ID: aWcWhx8jJQ5_mE0PkuR9rd-lCpI
---

[0:00] Sandi Krakowski: I'm going to I forgot to record that beginning part. So I will start over. Because that's how important it is to me. Here's the thing. And actually, as I start this over, it'll probably be more concise. I'm telling you what if I gotta go till 230, according to three, I will, I'm getting this information to you. I feel like I'm on a mission. I really do. I don't care if it takes me nine hours to get all this information to you. between today and next week in August 10. I am committed to this. Why? Because I have advocated for myself in a way I've never advocated for myself in my life. And some of you look at me today.

[14:38] Sandi Krakowski: And you want to know how I got here. And I'm going to tell you how. What you do with it is your business. So I want to make sure you have that information. They gave me a hysterectomy when I was 30 years old, after nearly hemorrhaging after my fourth miscarriage by giving a woman that level of castration, where they leave my ovaries in and tell me that that will produce the hormones that I need for longevity, and I'll be just fine. What actually happened is my body immediately started going into self attack mode. When you start taking out organs out of your body, and you don't properly supplement what is lacking, like, what did the cervix used to do? What did the uterus used to do? Why was that important? For example, I got that disease where my iron levels went off the charts. Why? Because I wasn't menstruating anymore. They had to take blood temp transfusions, so I wouldn't die of too much iron. If we're not supplementing when we take out a part of the body, the body will try to compensate. And when it tries to compensate, it will take nutrients and things from other parts of the body and now you will be deficient there. Hence the reason why I ended up with 14 autoimmune conditions, Crohn's disease, rheumatoid arthritis, thrombocytopenia, osteoarthritis, and I even ended up with inflammatory markers that they thought I was having a cardiac arrest more than four times when I went into the hospital for bleeding in my gut, inflammatory markers that were so high. They were not checking why I was hemorrhaging with diarrhea. They were checking if I was going to die on their table of a cardio vascular episode. Now, here's the thing, that surgery without proper hormonal supplementation. And here's the thing I want to say to you number one, if a doctor has told you you had estrogen positive cancer, I want you to find a doctor who understands the latest research in the last five to seven years on the benefit of bioidentical hormones. Even if you have estrogen positive cancer, why certain hormones will protect you from cancer. Even if you had cancer before, you're going to understand more why estrogen positive cancers exist as I get into inflammation. As I get into metabolic dysfunction. Cancer is a disease that is based in metabolic dysfunction, and inflammation and cells attacking each other, and mitochondria that is dying and not able to restore. So then everything just gets messed up, and we get cancer. Here's the thing. Women who don't use bioidentical hormones. And again, I'm not a doctor, so I'm not telling you what to do. I'm telling you what the data says. I'm sharing with you my own research. I'm sharing with you how I transformed my own life. Dr. Mary Claire, on Instagram. Let me show you.

[74:25] Sandi Krakowski: She is one of the best voices today on this topic. And you can find her just under Dr. Mary Claire on Instagram. Let me see. She has a new book you will find on her page other doctors who are advocating for you why the data that they did testing on men, and then told us what to do with our hormones is beyond faulty. It's stupid. And why we deserve to have testing that is done on women. Her new book is fantastic. It will be in my resource list. I will be giving you a resource list we have today. We have a week from today, we have August 10. Saturday, from 9am to 11am. central time, I'm going to take two hours and answer your questions. I'm going to give you a resource list, then I'm going to go through the resource list with you show you how to find them what you might need, what you might might not need, how to discover with you do, how to find the right doctor, and so much more. So what I want you to do is take any questions that you might have and just write them down. I guarantee you I'll probably answer more than 50% of them. By the time we're done a week from today, at this last session. What I want you to do is invent the possibility that you have lacked two things you have lacked information that could change the quality of your life. And maybe you've lacked like I did before the wherewithal to advocate for yourself to be the person who hires a doctor who will actually work for you like an employee to help you accomplish your health, your fitness and your wellness goals. This webinar is not going to be about how to have the most beautiful biceps. But I will talk to you in the next session. Why fitness matters what fitness coaches I recommend, and why I never in a million years thought I would do this when I was in my 20s I bodybuilding. I won all kinds of East Coast championships and Michigan championships and tons of stuff like that in the 1980s when Cory Everson was miss olympia. Flash forward to when I became 30 years old and had that emergency hysterectomy and my health went down the tank, married a narcissist, lots and lots of abuse, my health went further down the tank because PTSD is a massive trigger for inflammation that is chronic, and will never stop until you integrate that trauma, that hypervigilance etc. And so what's important to me is to get you the information, so that you can see all the pieces together. And I never thought I would do this before but I'm entertaining the thought of creating a weekly fitness group and sharing workout. And like I used to run a gym, I used to be a fitness trainer, I will be sharing with you the people that I recommend the people whose videos I use and piece together. Even fitness trainers have a bunch of fitness trainers that they follow and learn from to put their stuff together. And I'll give you all those pieces. All right. Let's jump in. Studies show and I'm gonna use this tool quite a bit. It's called perplexity.ai. If you look in the upper left hand corner, you'll see I highlighted the URL. You can use the free version, but I think it's only like 10 bucks. It's even better than check GPT because what it's not doing is giving you a an opinion that someone else inputted into data. It's actually scanning all the information on the internet and bringing it to you. Now this is not going to be flawless. If I scan to the internet for 20 hours and found a ton of information. That doesn't mean it's all true. There can be biased information. There can be propaganda, there can be deep fakes, there can be so much stuff. But the thing that I love about perplexity is that it brings to the top the information that most people found helpful. So for me, it's my starting launch pad, perimenopause. I don't know if you guys know this can start as early as your mid 30s. All of a sudden you wake up one day and you're foggy as hell. can't figure out why you can't sleep first. It was just a couple of days. Now you haven't been able to sleep for a month. Your jeans are tighter. Why did I gain eight pounds and I didn't even eat anything more. Maybe you're working your ass off in the gym doing everything that worked in your 20s and now all of a sudden, you need three days to recover from one workout where you used to be able to train multiple days a week. Or maybe in your 30s, you started developing autoimmune conditions. That's what they called it. Maybe it was, or maybe it was perimenopause, and old information that your doctor did not know how to treat. And maybe like me, you did not advocate for yourself. Then you go into the average age of full blown menopause 45 to 55. I am happy to tell you that even after that hysterectomy, because of the way that I ate, I guarantee you that was my saving grace. And because I've been drinking a gallon of water a day, since I was in my 20s, because of my bodybuilding past, I kind of eased my way into menopause. Immediately, I started getting all kinds of diseases, and I didn't put two and two together, I had massive depression and anxiety, carrying weight in my belly that I never had before. I've always been big booty, tiny waist. All of a sudden, I had a bloated belly look like I was three months pregnant all the time. But I never put two and two together because as a former bodybuilder, I figured I'm not moving. So that's why I'm getting fat. I mean, like, my conclusions were odd. When I was 53, by that time, I had absolutely no desire for sex. I hadn't had a desire for sex for a long time shoot, I had been married and not had sex and five years. That's another story. Thank God that don't exist. If I could have my way. Then 55 to 65. This is where I am now post menopause. And I have the energy of a 30 year old. I have the waist that I had when I was 22. I have a sex drive that thank you Jesus for self control. Just like I'm 30 and I'm here to tell you that even after that surgical menopause started, even after all those diseases started. Every single autoimmune disease that I was tested for has not shown up in my labs in the last five years. And lastly, some it'll be two years in October. Got off Remicade, which is a very strong low dose chemotherapy slash biologic that what does that mean? They used to use it for chemo and it wasn't strong enough to eradicate cancer. But they started using it to lower inflammation because in the cancer trials, it actually lowered the inflammation. But it didn't kill the disease. It just gave you a pardon my French but a shit ton of side effects that are very dangerous. So I was on that for eight years. And now you see this, some of these details I'm telling you, because I think I probably have 90% of the excuses that you use for why you can't be me. And they've happened to me, and I was able to overcome them. Here's the thing. When you are in perimenopause, menopause, or post menopause. If your visceral fat is out of control, this is not fat that we see. This is fat that is inside. And if you have sarcopenia, which is a loss of muscle, you now are a walking time bomb. I'm not trying to make you fearful. I don't want you to feel shame. I want you to be committed to fixing it. I'm going to do something real quick. I'm not taking questions, but I want to make sure that the information is coming across. Great. So two or three of you tell me I hear you it's coming across Great. Keep going. You're gonna Okay, you're raising your hands. Good. All right. Good. Love you. You guys are amazing. All right. So here's what's interesting. I'm going to give you a calculation. That's kind of shocking to me because I think it's very generous. I want you to take

[232:42] Sandi Krakowski: your, what did she say? Your hips? Is it your height or your hips? So my hips are my god they used to be 44 are now 39 divided by my waist, which is 25.5 No, that's not what it is. I think it's your height 65 divided by

[240:56] Sandi Krakowski: What did she say hips divided by waist. Here's the thing. If your waist is not smaller than your hips, I want to give you a little link, Dr. Tina, Ty. And a. She talks a lot about this. Dr. Tina is a massive specialist on GLP ones, I'm going to talk about DLP ones for about a minute and a half. Because that's not what changed my life. Everybody thinks I took ozempic. And that's how I got skinny. And that's a crock of bullshit. I had been taking peptides for eight years. Actually, it wasn't ozempic that caused me to have my metabolic dysfunction heal. It wasn't ozempic that caused me to be able to get lean. So I'll talk to you a lot about it. But she has several different podcast episodes that will show you here's the cool thing, too. She's really easy to listen to, I can't stand people who go on for seven hours on a podcast, who the hell has that kind of, you know, time, she talks a lot about these calculations. What should your waist be? What should your hips be? Okay? And it's not for it's not for aesthetics, we're not talking about so you look pretty, we're not talking about any of that we're talking about so you can lower your risk of death. So you can lower your risk of disease. visceral fat, is that fat that is between your tissues. And your and like we look at this, this is skin, we look at fat and we wonder what's going on where our health problems happen is the visceral fat inside. And when your estrogen starts to lower Oh, or if you're in perimenopause, all of a sudden your estrogen goes me. And now you're estrogen dominant, and your testosterone level goes. And your progesterone is like, okay, every now and then I'll be alright, every now and then I'll come up. Depending on your cycles, both massively low estrogen or massively high estrogen can actually cause a problem of massive muscle loss can cause a problem of you, increasing your visceral fat. Now when I was I'm five foot five. And when I was working out many of you saw that after I got off Remicade, and I was working out I was almost 180 pounds and 22.5% body fat. My visceral fat was still nine or 10. That's wonderful. Absolutely wonderful for a postmenopausal woman. But here's the thing. I had only been that size, that eight years, I was on Remicade, opiates and prednisone. I was on opiates shoot probably 15 years. So when people see this size, this is what I was most of my life. My visceral fat is now for you don't need it to go that low. Remember, I have years and years and years of athletics in the back of me. I've got workout time in the gym, you're not comparing yourself to an athlete. We're seeking number one, health. Number two, longevity. Then you go ahead and sculpt whatever sexiest body you want, Mama, but I want you to pursue health and longevity first, then we get into sculpting, trying to do sculpting, without paying attention to the health. And without looking at what longevity is you could probably make yourself in a very dangerous situation, which a lot of women do. Now here's the thing we want to maintain our muscle why? So we look at and address No. So that the likelihood of cardiovascular disease drops because the more muscle that you have as you go into perimenopause, and then into menopause. And then to post menopause, the more muscle you have. We are going to now prevent cardiovascular disease. We're going to prevent all cause death. What does all cause death look like? You slip you fall, you break your hip. You now can't move in the hospital. You have no muscle to support you because your estrogen is in the toilet. So when you're trying to rehabilitate, you're weak as hell and have a hard time to recover. Now you're in the hospital longer than you should have been. And you pick up a bacterial pneumonia. Why? Because you're immobile and because you're around more diseases. If you were working out and needed to have hip replacement, you wouldn't run that risk. But if you're weak and your estrogen is low, and your metabolic dysfunction is out of control, what happens is, all of your organs start to shut down. And you have all cause death. I'll tell you what, that's new information to me. I didn't even know that until this year, when a follower introduced herself. I didn't even know she's been following me for like seven years. She's an orthopedic surgeon. She saw my whole story. And she said, Sandy, do you know the number one cause of all of my women patients? And I said what you're like, you operate on bones. Why would people die? She said the number one cause is because they have no muscle. Their estrogen levels in the toilet. And they can't recover from surgery and they die. Girls I know our culture obsesses about booty. I love having a nice cute hot booty. But I did not focus on my booty when I walked back into the gym seven years ago. health, longevity, then sculpting as well muscle prevents you from premature aging. The only time I have ever had Botox was as two different scenarios. Unbeknownst to me, it wasn't for cosmetics. They gave it to me in my Sibyls they gave it to me here and in my masters and down here. Now I'm not going to talk about fillers or Botox but I would admonish you to check how very dangerous they can be very dangerous. Here's the thing. What that did that one treatment. I lost over an inch and a half in my arms. While I was this was like just a year and a half ago. I had an infection in my jaw from gritting my teeth from TMJ. It took me a year and a half. I went from being able to curl 20 pound dumbbells to I'm barely doing 12 pounders. Why? Because the Botox. Now what was the primary danger for me because I had an autoimmune condition and my inflammation was out of control. And I was on Remicade. Now first of all, there's a blackbox warning on Botox. I'm not going to talk about that. But if you have an autoimmune condition, and you're doing Botox and fillers and stuff like that, ladies, I just want to encourage you to please advocate for yourself and take care of yourself. One of the most effective things that I have found for TMJ has been getting my Invisaligns and also doing EMDR with therapy because TMJ is TMJ is rooted in trauma. So I was clenching and gritting my teeth. As my memory stores were trying to process memory. And because I had so much trauma in my unconscious mind, I rarely had enough RAM to process memory. So then what happens is, I would do this I would start clenching my teeth when I'm sleeping. Why would I be doing that? Because my brain is trying to think and it can't come out of the hypervigilance. I'm here to tell you, I don't have the shoulder clenching. I don't have the jaw pain. I don't have the ear pain. I have my bicep strength bag. You can see this bicep had a whole lot more atrophy than that one. If I had not been working out when that happened I fear what might have happened. Had to give gypsy a no. All right. Here's the thing. I believe that we need to stop normalizing premature aging. premature aging is not normal. Feeling like shit is not normal. We're all ladies here, right? We come from different backgrounds. We come from different faiths. We come from different political persuasions, none of that matters to me. Honestly, I want to give everybody this information. But I'll tell you what, we need to stop normalizing not wanting sex. We have to stop normalizing feeling like we can't even cope through our day. We need to stop normalizing feeling like we're so exhausted. But so is everybody else in social media. So I guess it's normal. No, it's not finding a doctor that specializes by the way in bio identical Ramones is an interesting feat.

[401:32] Sandi Krakowski: You can't be afraid. And I know as much of a badass as I am. I can get intimidated with doctors too when they start gaslighting me. Detroit wants to come out of me, that's where I was born and raised. My Christian self wants to sit her stuff down and I want to fight. But I have learned that if I go in with knowledge, and I ask for what I want, and I advocate for myself, and then I pay attention, whether they listen, they gaslight they won't run labs, I asked for I fire them. Don't be afraid to fire your doctor. Don't be afraid to fire a doctor who seems like they're amazing, but you just don't like them. Please stop doubting that gut check that God gave you. Even if you don't believe in God, you have a gut check. You're physically wired, especially as a female. This region right here will tell you the truth. When this one is trying to filter it through everything you've heard, or is this nice? Or is this Christ like? Or is this appropriate or anything your gut will tell you Don't dismiss that require all reports. So when you start advocating for yourself, you're gonna get a folder with every report, every CD, every report, every lab, when they say will will call you with the results. Here's what you say. That sounds great. I look forward to it. But will you please make sure that I have a PDF of the exact copy that the doctor is also looking at before they call me. I have had doctors call me and not honor my request. You want to know what I say to the doctor. I really appreciate your time. But I'm going to reschedule this call because I had specifically requested a PDF copy of the report you're also looking at so that we could have an adult to adult conversation about my condition. The other thing you want to do, you want to talk to a doctor that specializes in bioidentical hormone replacement therapy that is actually compounded for you. Not mass produced, not like okay, you're 37 and perimenopause murmur, here's Valium. You know, here's Prozac. You want what? You don't need progesterone. You go to a health food store and get some PLANT BASE something. Did you also want me to write you a sleeping pill. Don't tolerate that. Don't try to change that. Ladies, we're not trying to change a doctor who's got their head up there, but we're trying to find a doctor who doesn't. If I have to start educating a doctor on what I researched Why am I paying them? Okay, so I want a doctor who's in alignment with what I've researched. Here's the thing. There's three kinds of hormones that are very important for bioidentical hormone replacement therapy. The first one is estrogen. Estrogen can come in a gel, it can come in a cream. It can come orally, you can use it vaginally, and it can come in a pellet. Let me tell you how it's used. I personally use the gel. Now I take it first thing in the morning, I do not put other body lotions around it you're not supposed to. And I don't use the pellet. Because the pellet disperses a large amount in the beginning of it cycle, how long you're using it. And then the latter half, you're having all kinds of symptoms, again, the gel or the cream, you're getting a daily supply. I also don't take it on Sunday. So then my body does whatever it needs to get rid of any excess, whatever it needs. You can also in addition to what you're doing for your systemic estrogen, you are now going to use vaginal estrogen. Why would we use vaginal estrogen, and I'm not even talking about to make sex more pleasant. lovemaking, more pleasant. Vaginal estrogen will restore all the collagen in the vaginal cells. It'll make everything more elastic, tighter, nicer, younger. We want it here too. That's why a lot of women are actually getting vaginal cream for their face. I actually started a month and a half ago using vaginal cream on my face. Now I love boogy boogy skincare products. But a Bougie skincare product will only go as far as the underlying chemistry of my skin. I could not believe the difference in applying vaginal, you ask your doctor it's usually s trial. It's not Astra dial like I'm using on my shoulder. It's estriol. estriol is right, whatever. I'm not a doctor. It's a different form of estrogen. Now, here's what's interesting. Remember, I had a hysterectomy when I was 30. So when I started using vaginal estrogen, mind you, I haven't had a period since 1995. I started having blood. So we did a vaginal ultrasound, everything's fine. What happened was my van, my vagina didn't need it. Let's just put it that way. It didn't need it at all. My doctor Dr. Eric has said when you start applying it to your face, pay attention to what happens there. It's just a sign that my body's using the estrogen that I have beautifully, nothing happened. There's clinical studies that by applying it to the face, it's not absorbed systemically. It's far more of a epidermis enhancer. Now, I don't use progesterone. Progesterone is for you. If you have ovaries I do not. So I don't have experience but it comes in cream and oral I believe you can also look it up on perplexity, testosterone, girls, testosterone will help you sleep. It will help your skin it will help your sex drive. It will give you drive to clean your house. Get up in the morning, be a little bit more patient. When somebody's a bitch on social media have more energy. It will help your body fat and your body composition. Testosterone will protect you from certain cancers. It will help your bones it'll help your muscles it'll protect your brain. It'll help you to not prematurely age. Remember, health longevity, then we're sculpting. Okay. So for me since I was 53. I have taken estrogen gel and testosterone cream except for one time. Not everybody gets enough estrogen or testosterone and testosterone cream. Some women do an injection. The only time Erica had me going into testosterone injection is when I tore my meniscus. I'll give you a two minute story. I tore my meniscus 75% Because I've already had lots of experience on peptides and I'm going to talk about peptides today. We built a protocol went and had you know two orthopedic surgeon saying you need surgery. I said I'm gonna go peptide therapy, testosterone and rehabilitation work. If it doesn't work, I'll come back to you. Here's what I did for one year. I took I started walking backwards, focusing 100% on my glutes. I trained my upper body once a week and all my other workouts were for my hamstrings, my ankles, my tibialis and my calves. Mike my glutes and my hamstrings. I had a big booty but I had a weak booty. If your knees hurt, it's not your knees. It's your calves. It's your hamstrings and it's your butt. Erica said to me do you want to do more stem cells because I had done that when I first met her and my shoulders and my knees. Then I said Nana, she goes the least path of resistance would be to have you taken a testosterone injection once a week. And TB 500 which is a peptide that is known for growing new cartilage and tendons. They actually give it to resources. They don't have to shoot them anymore. They can actually grow new cartilage and tendons. Are you guys ready for this? Let me show you something. The knee I'm gonna bend on is the knee that I hurt

[557:32] Sandi Krakowski: so I took a testosterone injection once a week for two months. Oh my god. No wonder Main one a lot. I was like, What the dosterone injections helped me to rehabilitate all this tendons and everything else that the TB 500 and the backwards walking was working for. Testosterone is imperative for repairing muscle. Now, I didn't need extra testosterone. So funny because a lot of people thought the way my voice dropped was because the testosterone I was on No, it was because I had a jaw infection. I was done that I have a toe. But I will tell you, after six months of walking backwards, two months of testosterone injections once a week, TB 500 Once a week, for six months, we did another MRI. And I had grown new cartilage. What I felt like Wolverine. And then I said to Erica, okay, so what the frick do I do it the other day. She's just keep training your glutes, make sure that you train your glutes primarily for the rest of your life because of your RA and osteoarthritis and everything else. So to this day, this body, I train my chest and my tries once a week, I change train my back and my buys once a week, I train my shoulders once a week, I do all kinds of mobility work for my shoulders, and I train my hamstrings and my glutes three times a week, my thighs, get a workout doing that. But I will tell you, hormones are the key to health, longevity. And they will help your workouts. Your creatine that you're taking will not be as effective without proper hormonal supplementation, the amino acids that you're taking will not be as effective without proper hormonal supplementation, the whey protein, while you're counting your protein, grams, and I'll tell you why you need to do that in case this is new information to ladies is not going to be as effective if you don't have the proper hormones that your body needs to create those beautiful muscles that are going to help you live longer, that are going to help you have a happier marriage bed that are going to give you the quality of life that you want. Hormones like I could not believe it. When I went to Erica, she took my labs and she was like, You have no estrogen. And I said, No. She goes, none. And I go well, I had a really bad marriage. I figured the lack of sex drive was because he's an idiot. I didn't think it had anything to do with not having estrogen. And she said, you're going to feel better in about four weeks. She said so what we're going to do is put you on testosterone cream, and Astra Joe. I'm going to check in with you every week. And at the end of four weeks, we're going to run your labs again. And at the end of three months later, we're going to run your labs again. Ladies, when we had a phone call at four weeks, I was like I said to her all of a sudden I feel like every man walking by is like a meat truck. I was like oh my God. What happened? She goes, You're welcome. I started sleeping even better than I ever had before. Mind you. I had been taking cannabis too. We went off of opiates and stuff and I still wasn't sleeping lately. Throughout the night. I was sleeping much more deeply. But I was still waking up four or five times a night. Forget that. I was sleeping six to seven hours and waking up going. What the heck did somebody just give me a limitless pill. So when you try hormones, I want you number one to not be afraid to give feedback to the prescribing doctor or clinician that you get them from. If you are only on plant based hormones, I want to challenge you to make sure you're checking your labs. A lot of people who take plant based only hormones and they try it they think for some reason and if that's your conviction, you go for it but I strongly disagree with it. That taking the medication is dangerous and plant hormones are better. A lot of times what happens with the plant hormones is it doesn't have the same half life, it doesn't stay in your body as long as it should. So you're actually creating problems you don't know exist. So make sure that you get your labs done. Now, here's the thing, I'm going to go into metabolic dysfunction. Now. I want to remind you before I do that, to not be afraid to ask questions of your doctor, to get the reports, every lab I'm going to share with you. Um, what you're going to do for the for the hormone is you're going to ask for a complete hormone panel. This is why I teach how to make money through the investments in through the stock market. Most of this is not going to be covered by insurance. What will be covered by insurance is just a flat testosterone, flat estrogen, flat thyroid, and they're gonna say your levels are fine, you're within a little bit below normal, you'll be fine. No. When you start checking your luteinizing hormone, your follicle hormones and your T three and your T four and all the T's for your thyroid and you start checking your kidneys and you start checking your inflammatory markers and you start checking the estrogen and testosterone and progesterone. When you start checking the d h EA levels everything's different. Everything's different. You can have a problem with your adrenals simply because your thyroids off now because you have adrenal fatigue. Adrenal Fatigue became the sexy term of the year 2000. It drives me crazy. Why? Because a lot of people that think they have adrenal fatigue actually need hormones. You're looking at somebody who recovered from borderline Addison's disease. That means my adrenals almost started shutting off. Because I had been on opiates and prednisone and had no hormones for so long. And we recovered that. So I want to encourage you to don't be afraid to ask questions, get all the labs, get the feedback you need. Make sure you're having your labs every three months during the first year, I now get my labs every three months if I'm off, or feeling anything, otherwise, there's just twice here. That's what's important so that they can compound according to what I need. Now, here's what's interesting. I wasn't on these hormones at 53. And about when I was 57, Erica called me I was in Hawaii was so weird. And I thought, oh my god, something serious must be going on. She never, like calls me went on vacation. And she says we need to double your estrogen. And I go, What do you mean? She said, It's no big deal. Just use two pumps instead of one. You're not absorbing your estrogen, you're on the talent of menopause. And I went, I just finished menopause felt so good. And she goes, you'll feel even better. Even if you're not feeling it, you're probably getting enough estrogen with the supplements that she gave me with my labs and my estrogen, she said, but I need you to up it. Because that's going to be the dose that you're probably going to be on the rest of your life. And here's the thing. A lot of women think that they're just going on hormones, for menopause or the discomfort No, ladies, we're doing this to keep ourselves young to keep our health strong. New research in the last five to seven years shows that when women stay on these supplemental hormones, they stay healthy and strong into their 80s and their 90s. Now just in case you're thinking, because I've got fit girl problems, and I don't know if any of you do, in seven minutes, we will take a five minute pee break. We're gonna go into metabolic dysfunction when we come back, but I want to give you a preface before it.

[707:40] Sandi Krakowski: This is really hard for me to say because we live in a culture that first worshipped anorexic, waving, being so skinny, you're frickin unhealthy. Then we went all the way over here because of all the abusive body shaming and obsession and, you know, ridiculous images like give me a frickin break. You can't look like that without surgery. Why the heck would I mean what? I can't compare myself to that we went from that image to work over here. And I can understand were you didn't want to talk about being overweight. You didn't want to talk about the fact the fact of the matter is it If you're overweight, that doesn't mean you're any less beautiful, doesn't mean you're any less sexy. I don't hold those beliefs, I believe I'm going to say it girls in some of you, please don't be offended, I'm just going to be me, you are sexy as fuck at 200 pounds, because you're confident, and you know it, not because of the size of your body, but you're unhealthy. Okay, even if your labs show that you're okay, we still know that what you eat and what you live today is going to affect you 10 years from now. The reason I'm having such success now is because of what I've done. Even when I was sick, I was eating this way. Eat like I've been eating this way for a long time. And it wasn't enough to change my my my life. I want to give you the information on metabolic dysfunction. And this is a no shame zone. Many of you have been wrongly taught by culture that the reason you are overweight is because you're you just eat too much. You're lazy, you're out of control. Just fucking put tape on your mouth. And then you won't you won't eat too much. That is so not true. The COVID vaccine and the COVID virus alone caused metabolic dysfunction and more people than we even know. Long COVID caused people to have insulin resistance, osteoarthritis and metabolic dysfunction in a way that we had not even under began to understand. Prior to the pandemic 94% of every American that had their labs done at LabCorp. And quest, these are the top labs sources where this data is coming from 94% had metabolic dysfunction. metabolic dysfunction, and inflammation are the two top things that drive every disease, every disease, it's connected in some way. And so I'm going to give you some information about metabolic dysfunction. I'm going to give you some people you can listen to. I'm even going to mention a few supplements. And I'm going to mention a couple other things. But remember, I'm giving you a resource list from now until August 10. Your life's not going to change in that short amount of time anyway. But I want you to take this information and I want you to know it has nothing to do with your value. It has nothing to do with your sexiness. None of it. Ladies, I know what it's like to battle anorexia. I know what it's like to blow up 50 pounds on medications. I know what it's like when they put me and I'll talk about what it was. That caused me to lose a lot of weight. First, I started losing a lot of weight because they got me off Remicade. The average person on Remicade games 30 pounds, but they gave me LDN I'll talk to you about what that was and why it lowered my inflammation. Then I got to the point then I was like, I just want to I need to gain some weight. This is ridiculous. That was all a sign of metabolic dysfunction. Blowing up because of the medications. My mitochondria was effed up, all these different things had to heal. I had to adjust my diet, I had to adjust a bunch of different things. And I'm now on the tail end of massively healthy metabolic flexibility. That's why I can eat a doughnut be fine. I can eat a doughnut and not feel sick for two days or even the rest of the day. If I didn't eat a doughnut every day, no. But once a week I do that has everything to do with metabolic flexibility. That is your goal where you can get healthy, because remember, our primary goal is health. You can start working on your longevity and you start feeling so much younger than you are. Then we're going to start sculpting our bodies whether that means I don't care, you want to be healthy size 12 or 14, or you you want to get to where you know is healthy, but not to lean, whatever you want to do. All of that is going to depend on getting out of metabolic dysfunction, getting metabolic health and then going into amazing metabolic flexibility. And I'm going to talk about what those things are. But I want to close with this before we go p if you're in a situation that you're overly stressed constantly. If you have trauma that you know is not integrated, and you have triggers every single day. A really good therapist is one of the second keys to my being able To do all of this, a really good therapist who advocated for me, as I advocated for myself, that's a very important key to being healthy. All right, I'll be back in five minutes. And I will leave my mouse on the recording button, so I don't forget it. We'll wait one more minute. And then we're gonna get into metabolic dysfunction. Giving a show of hands if you learn something new already that you know is going to be very helpful. Good. Wow, I'm so glad. Good. Oh, goodness, all these hands going up. Good. Here's the thing, if my mind happy, nobody's happy. So, like, we do all kinds of things for everybody else. And I would like to invite you that this is your season to remember that. Taking good care of yourself makes you a better mom. It makes you a better employee. If you're a business owner, it makes you a better business owner makes you a better grandparent, a better parent, a better friend, it just makes you a better woman. It really does. Now, here's the thing with metabolic dysfunction. Prior to the pandemic, 94% of all Americans that were having labs done have metabolic dysfunction.

[825:59] Sandi Krakowski: How overwhelming is that? That's why we've normalized feeling like crap. That's why we've normalized, never been able to sleep. Then these stupid things came around. They had us arguing with people we don't know. Carrying stress around that isn't ours to carry. When we couldn't sleep, we turned on the blue light that went into our circadian rhythms and thought it was time to wake up now that it's we're awake. I mean, you're laying in bed. I know you wake up, you're like somebody's doused you with a pot of coffee at one o'clock in the morning. And now we're on this. And we're tossing and turning until it's time to get up. What is metabolic dysfunction? It causes insulin resistance. It makes your body on able to utilize the hormones that you have. This is why you can't just take bioidentical hormones and expect to feel better. People write me every day when I talked about bioidentical hormones. Yeah, but I took him and I felt horrible. I took him and I couldn't sleep. I took him and I turned into a raging lunatic. I took him in blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. They didn't tell me they're not exercising. They didn't tell me they didn't do anything about their sleep. They didn't tell me that they later do tell me when I asked a few questions. They haven't changed their diet. They didn't tell me. They're not working to get some sunshine a little bit every day. They did nothing but take bioidentical hormones. Well, if you have metabolic dysfunction, you're not going to utilize those hormones. You actually can cause a problem. And if you have super high inflammation, and metabolic dysfunction, this is why when I got off of all these medications that where, at one point, Remicade saved my life. I'm thankful for that medication. I don't regret going on it 75% of my entire digestive tract from my esophagus to there. The last part bottom part of your digestive tract was hemorrhaging. My body couldn't utilize half the hormones I was taking. That's why you might say but we're just like you were on all these bioidentical hormones and like I remember like you look a lot younger. Now you are on all these peptides. And you look a lot better now. Well, that's because they did what they could do. The Remicade causes severe metabolic dysfunction. You go on prednisone longer than a week, you're going to have metabolic dysfunction. You go on opiates, longer than just a couple months or short term usage, you're gonna have metabolic dysfunction. So we're not utilizing our hormones. Our inflammatory markers cannot be regulated. So when you have metabolic dysfunction, some of you I feel it like in spirit. Some of you need to put your hand on your heart. Because there's hope. There's hope ladies there's So, there's so much hope. I wish you could be in my life and feel what it feels like to walk away from that. I have had pneumonia, I have had a tooth infection, I got sicker than shit and accrues the loss eight pounds and seven days. And because I'm healthier, I recovered from those like a normal person. Previously, those would have put me in the hospital. There's hope. It also causes you so you can't lose weight. Metabolic says function can also cause you to not be able to gain weight. Your appetite is out of control. It's not like your stomach swelling or anything, but you never feel like you're getting enough. You never feel like no matter what. You're not getting enough. Now, here's what's interesting. A lot of people will say, well over eating starts in your thoughts. So maybe you need to deal with your thoughts. Did you know that metabolic dysfunction affects your brain. It's in your gut, and it's in your brain. Diabetes is in the pancreas, the gut and the brain. Alzheimer's is type three diabetes, dementia, and Alzheimer's is some supreme metabolic dysfunction. That started 20 years prior. Ladies, we're not trying to feel like I feel by Christmas, you have to make a commitment to be advocates for yourself and be this for the long haul. I promise a I project a five year goal with my stocks group. It is not unlikely that if you do it the right way, you can make a million dollars in five years with your stocks, the same kind of thing is going to happen with this. You can't be expecting for everything to transform in six months to a year that took us 20 years to get here. But imagine where you were right before the pandemic. That was almost five years ago. That's how fast is gonna fly by. And five years, I'm going to be 65 Some of you are going to be 37 I'm gonna You are gonna be 48 Some of you are going to end menopause. metabolic dysfunction. Now it's not going to always take five years to heal. But give yourself at least six months to start feeling a difference. Give yourself a year to a year and a half. To really start seeing all the health markers settle into a good zone. Give yourself a year to a year and a half for some of the longevity, you start feeling better, far more consistent sleep. I mean, you'll you'll get better sleep right away all these different things, you'll feel good right away. But then you're gonna start seeing it's actually a part of your life. It's not stopping bloating, metabolic dysfunction, brain fog, it is metabolic dysfunction. And yes, I know you're probably asking it. menopause can throw you into metabolic dysfunction, and metabolic dysfunction can eff up your menopause, depression, anxiety, memory issues, body pain, skin issues, psoriasis, eczema, rashes, unexplained itchy skin. All of these can be tied to metabolic dysfunction. So how do we heal this? Here's what Dr. Tina said and I got that wrong. Do not let your waist become more than half of your height. So if my height is 65 inches, okay, I'm five feet five and a half. Then I don't want my waist to get bigger than 32.5. And that's actually quite generous. I'd take two inches off of that. Mine when I was 180 pounds, my waist was a 28 and a half. Now it's 25 I'm just that's how I'm wired. Some of you have no but and you have a bigger waist than that 30 inches is your healthy marker. We're not comparing ourselves to each other. Why? Because we want health. We want longevity and then we're going to sculpt whatever we want. Once you get health and longevity, grow your booty mama. Once you get healthy longevity, grow the booty and grow the shoulders and then the waist look similar to what I made. That's what's fun. Now, the first thing you've got to do for metabolic dysfunction. It is for two parts. The first part is the gut. You cannot heal metabolic dysfunction without healing your gut. The second part is sleep, you cannot heal metabolic dysfunction without getting sufficient sleep. And you cannot maintain metabolic flexibility without getting sufficient sleep. Now, I have tried multiple apps Fitbits whoop, ring con, I got irritated with the aura ring. And I'm back to using the aura ring until Apple comes out with theirs. That's why you see me post things like this. Okay. People who do more than 10,000 steps a day have a 50% chance 50% less chance of cardiovascular disease. Not to mention it helps your metabolic dysfunction. It is now one o'clock and I'm at 4700. Yesterday was 1100. The day before was 10,000. The day before was 14,000. The day before was 10,000. The day before was 11. The day before was 11. Day before was 14, you get my drift. When I clean my house, sometimes it goes to 17.

[981:21] Sandi Krakowski: tracking that and most importantly tracking my sleep. So last night, I was in my bed for seven hours and 24 minutes, no seven hours and 47 minutes, I slept for seven hours and 24 minutes, I had one hour and 56 minutes, almost two hours of REM. When you have PTSD, you rarely get any room. That's how you process memory. That's how your brain cells heal. That's how your gut repairs. That's how your skin repairs. That's how your bones and your muscles from your workout repair through rem and deep sleep. Rem though is very critical for this. And if this is impaired, our brain health by metabolic dysfunction, the rest of the recovery isn't going to work. I got one hour and 24 minutes of deep sleep. That's actually really good. I'd have seven hours of sleep. If you have at least an hour of both, you're doing good. Prior to doing EMDR and PERTS work. And working with my therapists, which I started almost five years ago. I never saw my REM go over 30 minutes. Even with cannabis. Even though I felt good and woke up and had slept seven hours. Very little REM rarely did my deep sleep go over 3040 minutes deep sleep is where you repair all your connective tissue. Deep Sleep is what makes you lean. Deep Sleep is what helps you utilize your hormones. Deep Sleep is what prevents you from insulin resistance. Deep Sleep keeps your inflammatory markers down. So I don't have an endorsement, I don't have an affiliate link. It'll be on the resource list the aura ring. Oh, you are a it never comes off of me. So in order to heal metabolic dysfunction, we have to heal the gut, we have to have sleep, we have to then heal the metabolism. You can't heal the metabolism without healing the gut can't heal the metabolism without getting better sleep. Now, here's the thing. appetite comes from brain chemistry. That's the fourth component killing the brain. The brain can't heal. If the gut isn't healing, the first one we said because the brain, you have this brain and you have a second brain doctors call it there's more neurotransmitters in the lining of your gut than are anywhere in your brain. Isn't that bizarre. That's why a gut check is far more reliable than the brain funfact your unconscious mind doesn't know the difference between truth and lie. You can lie to it all day and it won't know the difference. But your second brain will be your guide Have you ever like been trying to conclude something or your rope wrestling with something or whatever and this brain is telling you but I know this is true. I've been taught at church this is true. Wherever whatever you're doing, like I've been told chocolates bad for me. But your belly is going there

[1037:59] Sandi Krakowski: that's because the neurotransmitters in your gut are not filtering through what we've taught ourselves.

[1041:00] Sandi Krakowski: When I had horrific non integrated trauma, and a bleeding gut, I will tell you, I rarely felt gut checks. Because I had so much pain. And when I stopped dissociating, came off of medicines that facilitate dissociation like opiates, prednisone, high doses of caffeine, tons of sugar. My gut checks were like I was when I was in my 20s and 30s. It was remarkable. And even if my head was second guessing, and doubting or whatever, I listened to my gut. And it was very, it was just incredible. So appetite comes from your brain chemistry. The first steps to healing your gut, my friends butyrate Bu t y, Ra te. Some of you, this is all you are going to need. I shared this with my stocks group. And then this will be on the resource list. So don't worry about it. I don't like to get my supplements from Amazon. But butyrate comes in two forms. It comes in a sodium and calcium, magnesium, we're going to talk about the fact of why you've been lied to that sodium causes high blood pressure. No, actually dehydration causes high blood pressure and metabolic dysfunction. And insulin resistance causes high blood pressure. You actually want more salt, not less. And I'll talk more about that in an upcoming session and later today. But butyrate will start to heal not only the microbe microbiome, that's the bacteria that's in your gut, it'll not only improve your digestion, you want to flat belly. When Erica first put me on butyrate I was like what the heck, I lost an inch of my God after a month without changing anything else. All my bloat went away if I'm bloated, like I take two in the morning and two at night. But remember, I've had multiple autoimmune conditions, I want you to start with one in the morning, one at lunch and one at dinner. And whenever you have like you ate something, and it's horrible, or you had a bad night's sleep, or you had, you know, an argument and a super stressful day, go ahead and take to the other day, I don't know what it was, it probably was something I ate at a restaurant. All of a sudden I got massive diarrhea. And I was like, Well, what in the world, I just don't have that anymore. So I upped it to two in the morning, two, in the middle of the day two at night, it was gone in 24 hours. I will never be without the supplement, I could not get over how much it helped. It strengthens the gut lining, it heals the leaky gut. But here's the biggest part. It promotes healthy DNA that's in your gut that is connected to your brain. Now, we're going to talk about the benefits of calcium and magnesium does the exact same thing. It's just that they took the butyrate and they put it with sodium or they put it with calcium, magnesium. Now because I take such a high calcium supplement every night before bed, I mean, magnesium. I don't take this one. I take sodium. Try it. I mean, I tried this for two months that I tried this for two months, and I felt better on this. Some people feel better on this. It's not that one's better than the other just depends on what's going on in your chemistry. So butyrate is one of the best things for starting to heal your gut lining. Now Berberine contrary to what people say it being a natural ozempic. At No, it's not. What it's actually doing is it's helping all the GLP ones that are already in your body. Remember, here's what I want you to write down real quick. And then I'll talk about Berberine what peptides are, are they are protein structures that helps support the body to do what it should be doing. If it already had all those protein structures working cohesively and in a healthy manner. Unfortunately, they have to be called a medicine. I'll tell you why. When we get to peptides, but they're technically not a medicine because they repair, medicines don't repair, medicines alleviate and help they don't repair. What a Berberine supplement does is it helps keep all that GLP One healthy than an active that you already have in your gut. If you're slightly metabolically compromised, this will make a massive difference. It will help your appetite regulate when taken with butyrate. Girls, you might see a flat stomach that you've never seen before. You might be slightly metabolic dysfunction. You start going on bioidentical hormones, maybe you're in perimenopause, and you're not ready for that. Although a lot of women start them at 35 and Berberine and butyrate. And the beautiful combination here by thorn has great fruit seen in it, which is really, really good because remember GLP one in our guts, and in our brain, it's a connection. You can't have the disconnection. So the grape seeds helping inflammation in the brain and in the gut. Okay. The third thing butyrate Berberine and then this is the next thing that Erica had me do before she put me on LDN when I got off Remicade, 30 to 60 days of intermittent fasting. Now when I was on Remicade, I did intermittent fasting all the time. I only I fasted 16 hours and I ate eight hours. Okay, why did I do it all the time on Remicade because Remicade was causing me to hold extra weight. Remicade was messing up my and my insulin levels. Remicade threw me into severe metabolic dysfunction. So that's why I did it all the time. When I started healing, my metabolic dysfunction, and more importantly, we weren't looking at a healing metabolic dysfunction. We were looking at repairing the mitochondria and what happened when I came off Remicade. And when Erica, my doctor in Manhattan, the one who pretty much saved my life, I talked to her about her all the time on social media. And you can follow her on Instagram. Dr. Erica Schwartz, just go who I'm following on Instagram and follow every doctor I'm following. If you want to know who I follow 30 to 60 days of intermittent fasting and then you got to stop. Because if you do it for too long, what's happening is now you're you're facilitating the metabolic dysfunction. So many people feel so much better when they do like keto or they do carnivore or they do intermittent fasting, right? Their inflammation goes down, their brain fog goes away. Their insulin resistance not showing up in labs, their gut feels better, they're sleeping better. They're like I found healing. No, actually what you did is you took away the opposition. The first phase to healing metabolic dysfunction is taking away some of the opposition, all the stuff that is out of control. Then you have to teach your body how to operate in a normal environment. And an environment where you do not have access to all the best quality food in an environment when you don't get really good sleep for three straight days or a week straight. When you get a fever. When you go on a cruise ship with your children and grandchildren and five out of those eight days you are barfing your guts out sick is and getting IVs four times that literally what a hospital Erika said if this had happened when I first met you, you would have been hospitalized for three weeks. Took me a week when I got home. We tripled my butyrate she told me I don't want you intermittent fasting because you've already lost so much weight she said but I want you to double your protein. But anyway, intermittent fasting and like keto and carnivore are very helpful, but they're not repairing the metabolic dysfunction. Now here's what I want to say. If you do this for 30 to 60 days, and you're on bioidentical hormones as well. You're moving your body 15 minutes or 30 minutes a day. 310 minute walks a day done. You get yourself an hour ring. I just bought this little $50 Nice day stepper on Amazon, because I don't want to do a ton of cardio. I don't need to lose any more weight. My cardiovascular labs are perfect. But I also want all those muscles in my ankles and my calves and things that the weights aren't hitting. So I don't use the bands but I use this separate it'll be in your resource list. If you're moving your body you're getting 10,000 a minimum of 5000 subsidy, ideally 10,000 And you're doing everything else I said and you still feel horrible.

[1199:41] Sandi Krakowski: This is the only two I am and I do not have a lot of experience because I've already shared with you. I've been on peptides. I'm going to tell you in a little bit what those were. But I didn't like go the ozempic way to try to lose all the weight the Remicade did. But I will recommend to you that I don't think ozempic is the proper thing. But Dr. Tina talks about micro dosing, people are taking ozempic and more journaux and whatever and they're using super high doses. They're getting nauseous, they're throwing up. They're having all different kinds of things happen. But the study of micro dosing, if you want is what you want. You want to microdose your bioidentical hormones. What is micro dosing means? It essentially means the lowest dose possible with the greatest result. Okay, now because LD N helped me so profoundly what is LDN? Well, the study of micro dosing has saved my life. low dose Naltrexone now trek zone for years, was used to help people who are alcoholics or opiate addicts. They took anywhere from 50 I'm sorry, 80 to 150 milligrams a day. Okay. Lots of side effects. Scary drug dangerous. But they started finding out almost 15 years ago, maybe even longer. When they gave people with Crohn's disease, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia, Lyme disease, thyroid dysfunction, MS, specifically, four to six milligrams, okay, you're talking 80 to 150 versus four to six. Their inflammatory markers went their metabolic dysfunction rectified itself in six months. So Erica, I did and this it was prescribed to me I'm not going to talk a lot about the peptides that I did that healed my mitochondria because they weren't for any of this, Erica put me on an $8,000 additional regimen, actually just a sec, let me go get them.

[1242:21] Sandi Krakowski: So I'm going to talk to you in a little bit about the peptides that I use. But the first thing that Erika did is she had me take something called mots C, Mo TSC. You do not take this. You don't take any peptides without a prescription. But you definitely don't take this without a prescription. And SS 31. And there were two other ones. I didn't even end up finishing these because I was like a damn pin cushion. I already take three injections a day for the last eight years, five days a week for inflammation. I'll tell you what they are in just a minute. She put me on five more injections was killing me. But that's what we did to heal my mitochondria. How do you find a peptide specialists who can do that I'll tell you how to find the other peptide specialist in a minute. If you have cancer, if you have a life threatening condition, if you want to get off of like Remicade, or humera or whatever. You need a doctor who specializes in injectable peptide therapy. There's over. There's hundreds of peptides. Most of you have only heard of it since November. No, there's not hundreds of peptides. You go to Google, and you type in injectable peptide therapy. And you start interviewing doctors. You ask how long they've been doing it you ask them where they get the resources, you ask them what compound pharmacy they use. You ask them for client testimonials, where the case studies are still doing, what kind of research you're doing. And I will tell you that 90% of them were trained by Dr. Erica Schwartz, my doctor, she does not take anyone personally who doesn't have a life threatening condition anymore. You can work even with her nurse practitioner, I still have access to Erica pay her $1,000 retainer every month, almost $2,000 It's 2001 I need her help. But in order to have access to her, and I only use Jill the nurse practitioner when I'm not gravely ill it's $1,000 a month retainer. Not everybody needs that you can find somebody who doesn't require concierge care like that. But if you are super sick, that kind of peptide therapy got me off Remicade. And it healed my mitochondria because for years people thought mitochondria couldn't be healed. They also thought a torn meniscus couldn't be healed. So here's the thing that I want to tell you. And those worked, I had to stop going out some of them because like my whole, like, I'm sorry, I'll be honest with you, but my midsection was subcutaneous injections and my butt were so freakin sore. I was like, Erica, I'm going to die if I have to inject anything else. So she's like, Okay, I want what we're going to do is keep you on the peptides you've been on for the last. It's been since 2008. Those are and again, it's going to be in your resource list. And I'm going to talk about these peptides in just a minute. CJC and I P A, it CJC and ipamorelin. I microdose them CJC and I Premiere Pro and became very popular in the bodybuilding community, whatever people were using, like massive donors, doses you're talking 10 To 20 to 30. I use a day. I take like, point to, like, micro microdose Why would she put me on that when I wasn't bodybuilding? Because it repaired my collagen. What is my gut made of? What was going on with all the connective tissue when I had connective tissue disease? What was going on with my osteoarthritis and everything that was accelerating super fast. I had very little college and I had connective tissue disorder and my brains were my bones, my brains, my bones were rotting. So first, she put me on CJC and AIPA. The other thing that I'm on is a micro dose of HGH, human growth hormone. Why would I be on a micro dose of that? Because it's massively anti inflammatory bodybuilders take anywhere from 15 Like in the little pen they take anywhere from 3040 I take point two. If I don't feel well and my inflammation is up on my labs may be point three micro dose. I've already told you I use TB 500 thymosin beta, th y, mo si n members gonna be on the resource list. thymosin beta 500 thymosin, beta four and five are thymosin. I think it's beta thymosin Alpha four. These are all peptides for growing new cartilage for pairing torn tendons. And what Erica did because she actually helped train the doctor who trained Dave Asprey. Everybody thinks Dave Asprey is a big, you know, biohacking godfather of the universe, him and Ben Greenfield, a lot of who they worked with trained under Erica. So that's how that whole world is connected. Now, here's the thing about metabolic dysfunction that I want to say to you. If you still feel horrible. Please find a doctor who might follow some of what Dr. Tina T Waianae says with microdosing GLP ones or I think Tirzah Pat tight which is like majeure. No, I don't have a ton of experience with it. But I've researched the hell out of it. Because Erica was I was like, Okay, I feel fantastic. But what would you do if I had a Crohn's flare because I don't ever want to go, she goes, I would probably microdose shoot Tirzah peptide, I go, I don't want to lose weight. She goes, No, you don't need to, we would use a tiny dose that would trip that GLP one in your brain and affect your gut, and your inflammation would come down. So I started doing all this research on how they're used for ulcerative colitis, PCOS, limes, Lyme disease, Crohn's disease, like all they're giving micro dosing of GLP ones. I'm not talking the pens that might be over. Like if people are nauseous and throwing up there overdosing on it. They're using way too much. And people go but it's only 10 milligrams. She was talking on like I half a milligram to one milligram, maybe two was the dose she was suggesting. If I ever get into an emergency, see the difference between micro dosing when you're dealing with peptides shoot, to I use make a difference. These are not like traditional medicine. If you have a problem. Go to a doctor who can help you microdose them a GLP one, not a beauty center, not a health food store, not a nutritionist, okay. A medical doctor who's going to run labs every 30 days. case that is for severe. Now, my son Jeremiah has had severe metabolic dysfunction. And he's not used any of those. He did exactly what I'm talking about. He has a different doctor who's worked with him. He went on a 60 day like intermittent fasting, type cleanse, and he can't get over how well he's sleeping. His brain fog is going away. He wasn't focused on dropping weight, but he's starting to drop some weight. Why? Because we're looking at health, longevity, and then sculpting the body. He started moving his body felt fantastic. Right now we're going to talk about sleep. Okay, there's five things that will help you sleep without taking sleep medications. The reason seat sleep medications can be so damaging is because they mess up your metabolic dysfunction. They can mess up your circadian rhythm. By the way, Melatonin is a hormone. It is not something that should be taken every day. I'm sorry, on behalf of every Fitness Advisor on Instagram, who's told you they take metal me, you know, I take metal melatonin every night. Some of them I know are also on Adderall. Some of them I know, also have been taking it every night and don't do anything else. That's very dangerous. Dr. Aman, who talks about the brain a lot talks about that. Melatonin should only be used intermittently, Erika in seven years of treating me has only told me to go on melatonin once. And she said I do not want you on it longer than 10 days. Seven is my preference. She said. So. So what else can you use? Well, you can use THC.

[1388:45] Sandi Krakowski: If you'd have a conviction that maybe Christians shouldn't be using cannabis, I strongly challenged you to listen to the podcast that I did. called Christians and cannabis. Because half of your antidepressant half of the cold medicine, half of the anti anxieties and all the other things that you think are fine are far more psychoactive than cannabis. Now, here's the thing. I used cannabis to wean off of opiates. I talked about that on my podcast. But when I had my labs done after Remicade, Erica also found I have to have the MTHF are gene mutations. Yes, it's the mother fucker gene. Not really. But that's what we call it. When my daughter in law found out I had it. She's like, well, from one motherfucker to the I'm sorry. She has it too. When Abigail, they couldn't conceive, okay. She's 37 years old. She was 35. When they started trying to have babies. She found out she had the two gene mutations. They started supplementing her with methyl folate. She started changing her diet for the all the different things that can affect the MTHFR gene, boom. That's when Holston was arrived. And she's pregnant again. When we found out I had to have the gene mutations. My friends, it was such a godsend because the second gene mutation is very prominently responsible for my autoimmune conditions. And when we started treating me with LDN, and methyl folate, like, my appetite went half my energy went up. My sleep was even better than it was. But there was a warning that came with it. I can't use a lot of THC. Why? Because it raises my homocysteine levels. What are your homocysteine levels going to do if they're too high, put you at risk of cardiovascular disease, put you at risk of metabolic dysfunction, put you at risk of all these things that I've talked about that we don't want. So CBD doesn't seem to work? Well for me, some of you it will. So I started using Delta eight. Now delta eight does have some THC in it. But it interacts with the body. It interacts with the homocysteine levels in a completely different way. And in the next week, I'm actually testing microdosing Delta nine. Because I'm noticing sometimes in the morning, I'm not groggy from the Delta eight. But when my homocysteine levels are high, and the MTHF are gene mutation when it's, I'm not what it means is you can't detox. So this is why I use red light therapy, sweat in the gym, all of that. And I still couldn't detox enough. When that gets too high, I'll wake up and feel like like I can't think it's not brain fog. It's like I can't complete a frickin thought. I can't remember what I just said. Like I feel really off and Erica's one Wondering if because the DT the THC that is different than traditional THC, the whole plant in Delta eight is different than delta nine. She said I want you to try to even microdose Delta nine because it's so much stronger than delta eight, but it probably won't affect your homocysteine levels as bad. The MTF MTHFR thing won't get, you know, out of balance, and so we're gonna try it. You're gonna go through that three times with the record. What else? theanine theanine? theanine is very good, here's what theanine does. theanine is like having a glass of wine without the ill effects. It's so relaxing. I don't take theanine all the time. But if I have a particularly stressed day, if I feel like you know, every now and then I might eat something. And I can tell I'm not detoxing, right? Even if it's healthy food, you need to detox from stuff that I mean, I eat only local farmers meat, I grow my own veggies and berries, I get only local farmers dairy, the only thing I buy at HEB or Whole Foods is within a package. And it's all organic. And still, periodically, I can feel an anxiety that's not coming from stress or anything. It's coming from the MTHFR. And theanine will help and magnesium. Studies show that 95% of you are deficient in magnesium. Now I know that a lot of influencers and fitness people and people that I respect are recommending bio optimizers magnesium blend, bio optimizers did not make me feel good. I don't know if there's certain things in there that affected the MTHFR. But I'm not the kind of person to take something just because it works for 99% of the population or whatever. If I feel like crap on it, I'm going to take it, I hope that you will, I can infect you with that standard. So I went back to using its magnesium glycinate with magnesium citrate, and I get that from Thorne, the same place that you can get the Berberine those five things along with 10,000 steps along with bioidentical hormones, along with the Berberine, the butyrate they are all working together like a beautiful quilt that's all knitted and all the brilliant colors are going to come up. That's going to help your sleep. And ladies, the sooner you go to bed before 12 midnight, the better. If you're going to bed at 1130 and getting up at nine, you are never going to heal your metabolic dysfunction like you could if you went to bed at nine and got up at six or seven. Why? Because the sooner you can get to bed before midnight, the more time your brain and your body has to heal the circadian rhythm. The majority of the recovery healing starts before midnight, right around 2pm. This is where all the hormones the thyroid, the kidney, how many of us in menopause, it's the two to 3pm witching hour, it's horrible. It's like a break. It's only three o'clock I want to sleep DeVore heat when that happens. That has everything to do with metabolic dysfunction. It has everything to do with circadian rhythms. So the sooner you can get to bed before midnight, the better. I have been going to bed at 830. But remember, I'm single and don't have kids. Okay, we all have different lives, you need to give yourself grace. Even if you went to bed at 10 and got up at six, that's going to be 10 times better for you than going to bed at 11 and getting up at six. So the sooner you go to bed for your metabolism now after this, okay. After all the things I said you're going to intermittent fast for 30 to 60 days. Then you're going to take one of those days. All right, you're going to go and start adding one higher carb day. When I first started working with Erica, I was barely eating 45 carbs a day for years. years after we started intermittent fasting in that she said to me, I need you to have one day where you increase your intake of sprouted grains by Sami rice basmati rice I'm sorry Sweet Potatoes, regular potatoes if you're not allergic to them and don't have a problem with mold, squash, berries, carbs is what we're talking about. Okay, we're not ready yet to throw the doughnuts in once a week, we're getting our body acclimated to taking on carbs. If you do this for a week or two, just one day a week, and you feel great. You're on your way to metabolic flexibility and healing. If you do this once a week, over two weeks, and you're like, okay, the days I ended the curves, I have a massive headache, I can't sleep that night, my anxiety kicks up around noon, you know, you need to go back. And then go back to 30 days of intermittent fasting and then try introducing a carb day again. Once you're able to do that many of you will be able to do it right away. Especially because of all these other supportive tools. If you pick and choose what you're going to do, or you're like, I'm not doing hormones, maybe I'll do the buter eight, maybe I'll do 10,000 Steps twice a week, you can get about five person results. We're trying to heal. Once, you're totally fine, you do that you have that carb day and you're fine. Try adding two cookies or one donut on that carb day and see what happens. Continue to take your bitrate. Continue to take your Berberine continue to take whatever you're taking if you had to go and try micro dosing GLP ones or whatever you're doing. We're working on all these things. See how you feel.

[1547:24] Sandi Krakowski: When I did that, it was like what is matter of fact, when I first started working with Erica, she said, what I want you to do is I want you to have one treat meal a day, I want you to stop calling it a cheat meal, you're not in prison, nobody's punishing you. But take one day and eat whatever you want. Within reason, she said don't have exorbitant portions, but just go eat the amount of whatever you would want to eat. So if you would typically eat lean meat, if you want to have fried fish, go have chicken nuggets go getting in and out. Go get what she goes, What is your favorite I go cheeseburgers french fries doughnuts, she goes fine. Then every Saturday, you're having cheeseburgers, french fries and donuts. That helped to my metabolic dysfunction. And after I came off Remicade, I had to like backtrack and go back through some of these things. And I was losing the way the LDN was helping all this, I had to go back to this. And about 60 to 120 days, I could start adding doughnuts. And again, that's when you add a cheat day. And a cheat day once a week actually helps your metabolic flexibility. Some of the biggest problems that many of you have is you are not eating enough. You are not getting enough carbs, you are not getting enough protein. You're not getting enough of the right carbs. You're trying to get away with donuts three days a week. You're not willing to try doughnuts, because you have this religious belief that if you I mean seriously some people with their nutrition, it's like their god that if for some reason you were to eat that the whole week would be shot no honey that's in your head. That's not a real belief. The only time that would be a real problem is if you're severely metabolic dysfunction. And you haven't done all these other different things that I had said. This is what help heals the metabolism. And this is what help heals the brain signals for appetite. Now medications can mess up your metabolic dysfunction. Find out today take all of your medications, type them into Google and find out type the word of the medication and then type metabolic dysfunction after it then type the word of the medication and type in can cause metabolic dysfunction watch or use perplexity?

[1591:22] Sandi Krakowski: It may or may not agree because you know, big pharma doesn't want you to think it does. Oh yeah, look at this. Remicade can potentially cause metabolic changes and can be complex but not indicative of metabolic dysfunction I call bullshit abdominal fat increase glucose metabolism and in Crohn's patients lipid problems I never had a problem with my lipids till I got to medicate Remicade. Look at all that long term effects.

[1601:24] Sandi Krakowski: I had to be tested for leukemia every year when I was on Remicade, sometimes multiple times a year. So it's important to understand what the medication you're taking, what it's doing. And it's important to open up the conversation with your doctor or get a new doctor on what some alternatives might be, what micro dosing the medication might be, what you can do to actually help. Some of the things I've told you will actually help you with the side effects that the medication is causing. One of the primary reasons Erica had me on peptides was to protect my spleen and my liver. When I was on Remicade. Now, Remicade, because I was on peptides protecting my liver and my spleen. I started moving my body after I got on Remicade and got the inflammation under control, I started sleeping better, etc. We didn't raise my dose for seven years, most people on Remicade are raising their dose every year. So that's Case in point that sometimes you take a medication short term or for several years to heal the dysfunction, you take all these supportive peptides and things to protect yourself from the side effects. And then what happens is that you don't need to raise the dose, because your body can still utilize it. And then all the different things you're using to protect yourself, actually help you to then facilitate getting off of it if you're able to do that. Now the other thing that's causing metabolic dysfunction, my friends is the food we eat. The food we eat is full of chemicals, it's full of hormones, it's full of peptides. Some of us, if you're buying your chicken in your meat from a regular grocery store, you could be getting enough estrogen in your chicken, okay. That is equivalent of the dose she would need for a whole year. So what will happen your body is going to rush in and try to get rid of it. What if you're in menopause, it's going to totally fu up. First of all, the hormones that give chickens is not the hormones you want. The hormones that they give cows is not the hormones you want. But I am going to push this case on food. And it is a lie that eating organic and eating locally is more expensive. Know what's actually more expensive, is all the stupid snacks, all the prepackaged foods, the lack of activity, the medications, it's expensive to be sick. One of the best things you can do for your health is start going to a local farmers market. Find a local farmer, find a farmer online that might be in another state. If there's no local farmers around you that can freeze pack and ship it to you start buying a half a cow at a time for your family. Grass fed and grass finished preferably for beef, pasture raised for your chicken, your eggs, your dairy why? Well grass fed grass finished for your dairy. Why? Because when the chickens run around all the time, they don't have metabolic dysfunction, and you're not going to get it from eating them. And you're also going to get all the nutrients that God created chickens to give you and I will tell you, I'll make a strong case for the fact that veganism being vegan will cause metabolic dysfunction. Especially if you're eating all the vegetables from a local store. Even if you're buying them a half the vegetables by the way at Whole Foods. They labeled them for organic and some of them are three weeks old. Some of them are from China. Are you aware of the organic standards, like whoop, growing them yourself. Or getting it from a local farmer who does it. The hydroponic garden that I just bought from Garden oops, sorry about that. Check this out. This thing will grow my garden to three or 65 days a year. So why did I get it if I have a beautiful garden outside? Because there's a bunch of vegetables I can't grow a bunch of things that I can't grow all year because the Texas climate so now I have my raised beds and this you can grow like it's ridiculous. You can grow flowers. You can grow vegetables. You can grow seeds. You can grow herbs right in your house. Oh and by the way, they're all non GMO seeds and it's all organic. And here's the fun thing. You don't do a thing it's run by AI. No, all you do is water it is the the AI will say it needs plant foods you had plant food to the water, the AI turns the lights on it turns it off and waters it when it needs it. It tells you when you have a past, it does everything you're not you don't even have to know what it's doing. And you can have great veggies. So I will definitely make a big case for the food you eat. Now, I'm going to go another 15 minutes. And whatever I don't complete, I will pick up in a week, your video recording your audio recording and your transcript. Your video will will be ready. That's usually ready later today. The audio will be ready later today the transcript we just have to clean it up with Jasper AI. So give me about 24 hours and we'll get that to you. Okay, if you don't get it in 24 hours, I love you. But we're menopausal women and we want this information now I get it. It's two o'clock Central 24 hours is not 8am tomorrow. Okay? It's the end of the day tomorrow, we will send it to the email that you registered with email delivery sucks. I can't help it. I'm sorry. It does. If you didn't get your links and from the audio, the video and the transcript right to my client care. Don't write me on Instagram. I don't do that department. I do this department. Okay. Right to my client care team and they will help you. Alright, peptides. peptides are actually proteins that repair and aid the body to do what it should be doing. Peptides have been around for a long time. As a matter of fact, DLP ones have been around for almost 10 years. Isn't that crazy. But peptides didn't become sexy. until about four years ago, I had been on peptides before they were sexy. Erica learned how to utilize peptides in Israel. She's a Romanian Jew. And she has a lot of connections in Romania and Israel and all over Europe where they're way ahead of us and don't have all the poison crap that we have. And here's the cool thing. She is not a naturopath, she is not a functional medicine doctor, I know that many of you think that you're getting higher quality care from naturopath and functional medicine doctors, sometimes, but a lot of times, they are pumping you with supplements by saying I don't like pharmaceuticals, and they're damaging you. One of the first things Erica did is told me 30 days with no supplements, I was like all of these benefits from all the supplements are like going through my mind and I'm like, I'm gonna feel like crap. She's like, No, actually, you're gonna feel better. Because your labs show half of these damn supplements you're taking aren't even affecting you. And we've got to clean out your liver, your spleen and your blood system 30 days with no supplements. And then she took labs. And the only supplements I take are what my labs say I need not because some influencer said it not because somebody who's got more money and has the same kind of condition I do. And I can't go to a doctor. So I'll take those supplements and I'll surely heal myself. No, you won't put yourself in danger. Why? Because our DNA is different. And then she put me on peptides. Now peptides or proteins that repair in a the body. They can raise your growth hormone, which helps you with inflammation helps you with anti aging longevity helps you to sleep deeply. They can help your blood sugar reducing, they can help blood pressure regulating, they can lower your inflammation. They can repair your mitochondria, they can regrow tendons and collagen. They can do skin remodeling, which Oh, okay, I had it's

[1749:55] Sandi Krakowski: it's so offensive to me when people say you have ozempic face Sandy. No, actually, this is the face of a 60 year old woman who's not had fillers. Okay. I had a infection in this job, okay. And I don't have any filters on this zoom. They had to take out that tooth. The infection went all the way down here at less than a frickin year. I had to take antibiotics for a year. It almost killed me literally. It was pressing on my vocal cord, the infection that's when my voice dropped and everybody thought I was on high dose testosterone people are so stupid. And this part of I cheek collapsed, because I didn't have a tooth there for a year and a half. When they put the implant back in, okay, Eric was like I need you to get that implant and with this infection is gone, because the health of your mouth is 1,000% tied to your gut. They put the implant in. All right, and she had me start taking copper peptides, G H us slash is a GH k slash CU. GH case I see you is now is actually used for skin remodeling. No, I have to be really careful with that stuff. Because it can trigger eczema, it can trigger all kinds of stuff. There skincare products that are touting it as being fantastic. And the GH Kc is coming from China. And you got to be super careful with that shit. Well, here's the thing. It started to fill a little bit and then I got Invisaligns and the Invisaligns moved my jaw and I stopped clenching, along with the skin remodeling that continued to heal over six months and this chick is filling out. I actually got a little bit of fillers in there trying to to like make it work, we're gonna didn't even do anything. That is skin remodeling. Skin remodeling is what they do and burn victims. Peptides can do skin remodeling. peptides are the medicine of the future. But they're no joke you should not be buying them online. You should not be buying them from some crackerjack moron who owns a health food store and says I can I can get them for you. You want them from a doctor who's taking your labs. Why? Because there are proteins that repair some peptides, you might need to be on the rest of your life. Some peptides know you're only taking for a small amount of time. And if you don't have a doctor taking your labs, what are you doing, they can actually lower your body fat. They can redistribute and regulate your body composition. They can build muscle, they restore less elasticity to your skin. Why like here I've got some loose skin that I'm working on. Whatever I'm 60 I don't give a shit still feel sexy as fuck. Can amino acids are helping a lot with that you can find the link in my Instagram highlights. They also help repair your brain. They have been super helpful with Lyme disease. They're super helpful with dementia and Alzheimer's. But because of what they do, they're labeled the medication. Why? Because they take your symptoms away. Of course they take your symptoms away the repairing, but here's the problem. Medication doesn't do that medication usually regulates it doesn't repair. So that's why you've want to here's your doing don't list for peptides. Always get your labs. Find a Doctor locally. You go to Google and you type in injectable peptide therapy for longevity. Injectable peptide therapy for inflammation. Do you know that I've recently met three orthopedic surgeons here? I'm just out and about talking to them and somehow or another we get started talking about peptides. I have no idea. This topic came up. They're using peptide therapy after knee replacements. They're using peptide therapy. after shoulder surgery. They're using peptide therapy to help people recover and 75% time. This one doctor he's the primary surgeon here in Austin said to me, patients used to take six months to recover or recovering in six weeks. What you have patients who used to take 10 months to repair a torn it band recovering and back in sports in eight weeks. That's peptide therapy. Get references check their credentials, don't buy online. Be PC 157 is also what I take and have been taking for seven years. Erica has me rotate. You can find some of it online. Infinity well is the only place that I would ever buy it from I think that's where Erica gets it from be PC 157 body protective compound. If you have any kind of stomach ulcer, if you have ulcerative colitis if you have inflammatory bowel disease, if you have Crohn's even irritable bowel disease if you have canker sores BPC 157 in the oral form now because of everything that's happened to my body and my health, Erica has me rotate BPC 157 for 30 days in oral BPC 157 five days a week in and in injectable microdose? BPC 157, oral microdose oral microdose never used without a doctor. Even if you can go buy the capsules online, make sure somebody is running your labs. Because if you haven't all sir, I'm not recommending you go off to Hagaman and then take you know, or whatever medications you're on and then take BPC 157 You've got to have somebody, you guys looking at your labs? Like how are you going to know when you're healing your symptoms alone aren't going to tell you your labs might show your healing before your symptoms catch up. If I can emphasize one thing to you about peptides that I have learned that blew my mind. My labs showed I was healing before I could really feel dramatic, I can feel a little baby step symptoms being alleviated. But my lab showed it and then my symptoms caught up. Erica said to me that because lab because peptides heal, and they continue to heal. The longer you take them. Don't get them from a beauty spa. Don't get them from a health store. Why? You know, they are giving women ozempic And Maderna at where I get my hair done. The woman who injects people with fillers and Botox is giving them these high dose GLP ones. She's not running labs. I actually heard her and she's a sweet gal. I don't take issue with who she is. She doesn't know any better. She told this one lady she handed her ozempic If you need a prescription for Zofran, just let me know our doctor will get you some Do you know who her doctor is? He checks in once a month. That's the difference between being treated by a doctor and having a doctor oversee a med spa or something so that they can actually carry it. You want somebody who treats you. I still I still cannot believe that she wouldn't need Zofran if she was taking a tiny dose, go do a deep dive some of you do deep dives on stuff that is not going to benefit your life. Do a deep dive on Dr. Tina's. And by the way, she doesn't even see patients anymore. microdose microdose microdose. That's the theory of peptides. Here's what's interesting with peptides. The more you take the less it's effective. So more is not better. The more you take sometimes it'll damage you like too much of the peptides we talked about. But most of the time it just you're not going to use it you're just wasting your damn money. So now you spend $500 on an injectable peptides that's supposed to last you three months. And now you're using it up in a month because you think you're gonna get faster results. No, you're not. You're just throwing two months down the toilet. Because the more is not better. Micro dose. Isn't that fascinating that there's like these little receptors. Okay, I love doing this. Because this is how my brain works. It's like there's the little receptors in your body. And they're lacking, they're lacking. They're lacking. They're trying to overcompensate, they're overworking, and obviously they go there is a protein renewed, oh, it's like everything wakes up and does what it needs less of one or two proteins. And if you give it too much, the signal can turn off. If you give it too much the efficacy of how long it works. Like if you give it too much your body of work to get rid of it. So you that's why you want to microdose LDN works the exact same way. Micro dosing of HGH works exactly the same way for inflammation. If I take more than my tiny, tiny microdose because I already work out, my body's already producing Human Growth Hormone because I work out and I you know the protein that I need and all that kind of stuff, one gram per ideal body weight, we're going to talk about that in the next session. And if I take even one or two I use more than I need to. Within a week or two my joints start to hurt. I actually will gain five pounds.

[1909:58] Sandi Krakowski: I go immediately back down to the midterms. I feel so much better. And I take peptides five days a week. You are not supposed to take them seven days a week. Your body needs two days a week to clear all that out for all those proteins to get romantically aligned and be super happy and do what they need to do. All right, my friends. That's a lot of information. That's why we have the video. That's why we are going to have the audio and I want to close with this For me, my goal was not being lean. I walked into the gym not wanting to get sexy. I walked into the gym knowing I am sexy, I am beautiful. I am strong and powerful. And I am walking into the gym because I love myself. That's why I tell you to move your body, not because you're beating yourself up. But because you love yourself, you've probably been beating yourself up that metabolic dysfunction was causing you. And here you thought you were a horrible person. I think some of you are going to sleep better knowing you know why this isn't even my fault, this metabolic dysfunction. And now I know how to repair it. I walked into the gym not to get lean, but to get strong first, to have better sleep first, to have more energy first. Now, my friends, there's only one form of exercise that will increase your bone density, only one it's weightlifting. Cardio will not increase your bone density, Pilates will not increase your bone density. Yoga will not increase your bone density, walking 10,000 steps won't increase your bone density. All of those other things are wonderful for metabolic dysfunction, stress reduction, mobility, flexibility, having longevity. Weight training, increases your bone density and your bones are life. You could lose 50% of your bone density during menopause. Now we have bones that are like a tree that hasn't been watered in three years. And all it needs is a little bit of a push in the thing cracks and can't repair. Strength training. You don't have to lift heavy weights initially. I'm going to give you a list of a lot of people that I follow on your resource list, but I will show you is this who it is? No. Let me find her. There's one gal I love her. I have actually become friends with her she is actually going to become so it's fit. Underscore mom of seven. This is

[1964:40] Sandi Krakowski: what did I do wrong? Oh, I say that's so weird. Maybe it's too. I hate when people do underscores. Why do we do this? It is she's 60 years old. And she has seven kids. She will show you how to work out in a hotel in 15 minutes. This is her 92 year old mother who lifts weights three days a week. So if you're struggling with even knowing where to start, I am going to give you a resource list of the people that I absolutely love, but I'm going to mention a few of them right now. First of all, I go to my Instagram and just follow all the fitness people I follow. But she is a fantastic resource for first starting out. Absolutely. Now, if you want to strengthen your booty, your hamstrings for longevity, is it all right, booty by Brett is the single greatest, best online strength conditioning program for your booty I've ever found in my entire life. It is the one that I use. Nothing. I use his program and the ATG as to the grass program for healing my torn meniscus. These are the people who got me into walking backwards. I can actually do this and I never could before I can actually squat and go almost to the ground. The ATG program and he's got programs for bodyweight for with weights measurable targets female standards, all kinds of stuff. Fantastic. very reasonably priced booty by Brett. This is when we start getting into sculpting. I don't know anything when she put me when I got off Remicade. Okay, I lost so much of my booty. I cried and after a year of doing booty by Brett, I am so happy to say and actually in the last six months I gained two pounds of muscle I know I know it's only my booty because my waist and grow nothing else group. Now another program that I love

[2007:36] Sandi Krakowski: now Hannah is hardcore. If you are hardcore. These are my friends who live here. They live about 20 minutes from my house. I got to know them online, Hannah and Paulo. She's recently become a mama so she's even created a pregnancy program. It might not be for you, and it might be for you. Well, I'll tell you, man, she is a badass. I don't know some of her programs. I'm like how No. I like booty by Brett. But some of you I mean, look at her. Look at look at her. She just had a baby. I mean, her babies as old as Halston. Some of you young mamas, you need something like that to inspire you. Now, another one that I like is She's the owner of Petula. Now, you might want to wait and buy my program, I definitely won't have my program. Immediately. It might be a month or two. I'm really still thinking about it, honestly. But Sammy was a fitness instructor. Before she founded multimillion dollar Petula my absolute obsession, and 75% of my was it. But she's got one of the best fitness programs, I was really blown away. And it is so good for women, for your whole body for longevity, for everything I'm talking about. And a lot of this you can do three days a week. So good. Sammy is another one that I would highly recommend. And those are the resources that I'm going to give for fitness trainers. Because sometimes you just need to know, like, Where would I start fit mom of seven, I would start with if you like, you're clueless. You're like, where do I buy weights? On my Instagram, by the way, a lot of what I have in my home gym, you can find, you go to my Instagram, and you click over here for my Amazon store. And you can find a ton of what I have in my home gym there. You can also go here for the can aminos that I have, and also the garden that I have over there. Here's the thing that I'll say. I don't mind if you want to, you know, say you had a great time. Tell me what you learned. Please let me see your faces. Send me DMS. Tell me something that absolutely. You're so grateful that you learned. But don't ask me questions that you should bring to August 10. Okay, I need you to honor me. So I can dive deep and make sure I get the next session. Right. I want to make sure that on August 10. We have two hours of q&a. I want to make sure that you have your resource list and everything else that you can have with your q&a then, like, you know, somebody's got their hand raised. And I don't know if they had a question, but I'm not taking questions right now. Unless it's something technically that you absolutely need answered. Go ahead and put it in the q&a right now. I just turned it on. But here's the thing. Hold your questions. We're going to meet in a week, you're using the exact same login. All of that is going you was in your your signup, okay, that you got to get here. The time for the q&a. And I'll remind you again at the next session is 9am to 11am Central time on a Saturday morning, on 810. We're going to have two hours of q&a. I can't wait. And we're gonna go through my resource list. Because I guarantee if I just hand you the resource list, you're gonna have 50 questions. And if I could have answered them on the q&a, like a ton of them could have been answered in the first half hour. You know what I mean? Is an estrogen patch. Okay. Yeah, I've heard about the patch. Thank you for for asking me about that. Yes, I will take like four or five minutes a few tiny questions. Just because I love helping this topic. Can you tell? I was really prayed about it yesterday and I was like, God, why am I resisting creating a fitness program? I mean, I retired almost five years ago, okay. And I'm so grateful that I did. I'm so grateful that I financially could do that. And I came back concern teaching people I work like eight hours a week, my team runs everything I teach my stock and investment group. If you're struggling with finances, I don't care if you only have 100 bucks, get in my stocks group, because we can help you multiply that. So you can make more money. But I really started thinking about creating a fitness program. Now my fitness program would not be multiple levels, I would basically be teaching you everything that I do. I would be teaching you why diets so important and why you should not be going on a one size fit all. There is a test to show metabolic dysfunction. Um, is it equal life? Those of you who are on my Yeah, is that yeah, this is it. They actually have some really great labs. And I know Jeremiah used it. But this is not going to be enough for everything. It's just really not. The only one that I would recommend is the metabolic and the food sensitivity labs for how you're actually absorbing your supplements and stuff like that. But honestly, metabolic dysfunction is usually treated by symptomatic. It's not like you'd have it not know it. You know what I mean? So no one will provide hormone replacement. They say it's bad after 60 Well, I'll tell you what, Robin time to find another doctor. Go out of state if you have to. Erica is in Manhattan. I have seen her in person three times in seven years. And she treats me by zoom. So and here's the thing, I honestly mean that I'm not trying to like write that off. No test is going to show you have metabolic dysfunction, as much as how you feel. And a lot of what I said vaginal estrogen is? I don't I don't know it is very helpful for discomfort with intercourse. Yes. Because a lot of times that tissue gets really dry in menopause and even perimenopause, obviously, we can use lubes and all kinds of fun stuff like that. But systemic estrogen will also help. And then vaginal estrogen will help because what's happening is the skin in the in the vagina is getting very thin, Sara, so then that's why it tears. So that will help a lot. Intermittent fasting. You can go through that question back with by going through the recordings. I just get my labs done at any labs, Erica sends me the lab test. And one of the best places I have found, and they're all over the US is any lab test now. They are fantastic. No, she writes me my prescription. But I was looking at their list of this saliva hormone testing is not what I'm talking about. I'm tucking a full, comprehensive blood draw for hormones, but any Labs is very good.

[2131:53] Sandi Krakowski: Oh, yeah, your DNA is so different for everybody. Not to mention with epigenetics, we know that trauma passes down through the DNA. My mother was on diet was on diet pills. And steroids, which was passed to me, that could have really caused a huge problem. So yeah, Jason Labs is great, too. I've heard a lot about JSON labs. I'm going to also talk about several different ones I know in the UK in that I don't know. You're going to have to do some research. And I believe in you because I know you can find it start with perplexity. Then as Chet GPT Where is a great place in London, England, that I can get bioidentical hormones like ask AI to help you with your research. Okay. methylfolate and l methylfolate. are the same? Yeah. Do I take DHEA? I do. Now, Erika? And this is the last question I'm going to take. Okay. We'll do a lot more and on August 10. I have been taking DHEA after Eric bumped up my estrogen and only because my lab showed I need it because between that time I went 53 to 57. Okay, so that's when she bumped it. When she had dried some vaginal estrogen for me she had all you can also get like estrogen DHEA suppositories. Sometimes people use it vaginally, as well. So there's so many different uses for it. Once you find a good doctor who really understands bioidentical hormones and everything girls, here's a resource I will give you because some of you might be able to get relief, like quickly And Dr. Mary recommends this, this is why I recommend this. This is where a lot of people are starting their journey where you start your intake that will actually order your labs. If you have no underlying conditions like, you know, cancer and with me, I wouldn't have qualified for this. Okay, I saw that they had an estrogen for the skin. And I said to Erica, hey, do you mind if I try that? Or do you want the compound she says, go ahead and try and if you can get it online, get it, it's gonna be the same thing from our compound pharmacy. Go try it. So this is the cream that I use on my face. Um, you can get it from there. Or just a sec, let me find it. Let me just look up s trio, my email and it'll tell me museli okay, there's another place that is not like menopause and stuff. But it is for the skin issues that can actually happen in menopause. And their skin treatments. I don't recommend some of these because you got to be careful. But this is the one that they gave me that has s trial on it. estriol I think that's how you say it, whatever. Now, I found when I was using alloys, something they mix it with started making me get, you know, they look like pimples, but they're not an esthetician, I can't remember what they're called. They're like big lumps. And they get clogged in your pore, and you have to have ghosts have somebody extracted the alloy. When I was I actually stopped using that, because I started getting all those and I used mueslis. And I don't get it. So it's kind of different, what they're made with. I know that there's a dermatologist on Instagram that actually said a lot of women are just taking Premarin cream that they get from the doctors and using a tiny dose, we are not lathering it, you're putting a tiny bit around here or under your eyes. What it does is it restores the elasticity and thickens the skin. Because just like the skin gets painful and thin in our vagina, that's what happens to our face, too. So I will definitely be talking more about food and diet. Susan, food and diet is very specific to your labs, food and diet is very specific to your metabolic function. So for me to talk about food and diet, without you getting labs without you doing all the different things that I said, would be completely dysfunctional. And it would do nothing more than just support the whole dysfunctional diet culture. What I eat on a daily basis is one gram of protein for my ideal body weight, which I'm 128 to 130 right now. So I get about 125 to 130 grams. I know exactly from that food sensitivity tests that I showed you at equal life, what inflames me, but more importantly, I know what inflames me because I feel like crap after aid. Sorry, don't eat it. Okay, I actually had to do some elimination diet, which you just add foods periodically. I know that. Before I would ever recommend particular foods or diet though my my teaching on diet is going to be very short. You know why? Because if you're not taking bio identical hormones, if you're not healing your gut, if you're not moving your body, and you're not doing all these different things cohesively, all you're doing is supporting the frickin diet culture that I do not endorse. It was created by men, it was created for women to feel inept, we now have women who actually think that they don't look good enough because they use filters for so long on Instagram. The day I turned 60, I stopped using filters. So I did have I did take responsibility for some people saying you have those face. But when I was 180, I had shrinking here because of my adrenals and just estrogen and everything else. But because I had been using filters the whole time. And then all of a sudden I woke up and stopped using filters. I take responsibility for that. But I stopped using them. I was like, yes. Why would I? First of all, it would be freaking embarrassing to do a live event and people show up and go Who is that? Who is that? Have you ever met people who use all these filters and you meet them in person you're like What's sad is I don't think they would look as bad in person if they had not artificially altered what is completely impossible. Apart from surgery, their face with a filter. I cannot tell you the amount of money And then I've been on dating dates with who have said to me, thank God, you look like your pictures, and you don't use Botox and you don't use fillers. For what it's worth. By the way, I met a really neat guy, and we're dating out. And that was one of the first things he said to me. I, you said, first of all, you look like you're in your 40s. But he said, I can tell that you are aging beautifully, and you are not trying to be 30 and it is sexy as hell. That's not that he has succeeded. But here's the thing. diet culture caused us as women to not realize how normal Cellulite is to not realize how normal some loose skin can be. To not realize how normal aging is and how beautiful it actually is. And diet culture caused us to pit ourselves against each other, and to start comparing ourselves as if we're not enough. You know, first of all, get the get your husband a little excited. He just didn't care about your cellulite. Men don't care about cellulite. They do not care. They care about other body parts. They like butts of all sizes. They like boobs of all sizes, flat boobs, big boobs, they like them all. bloated bellies. All, but we would not know that. If we were not being brainwashed by this culture that was actually propagated by men and women. By the way, do you know that some of the heinous BS that is behind behind Victoria's Secret was because of a woman now because of a man. So I hope in your journey, the very first thing you will do before you try butyrate the very first thing you'll do before Berberine before even calling your doctor or anything, you will get out your journal tonight. And you will start for the next 30 days. Telling yourself how beautiful you are looking in the mirror. And telling yourself how like you're so beautiful, and you are worthy of receiving love. And if you don't feel beautiful, and it hurts you to even think about looking at yourself like that. Please get some therapy. Find a good therapist.

[2279:50] Sandi Krakowski: Do you want to know I'm going to close with this. And Christian ladies, this is especially for you. Do you know how empowering it is to put on high heels and get completely butt naked and walk around your house for a little while to look in the mirror at the sagging skin and some of the cellulite and whatever else. And just realize that confidence, my friends is the most sexy thing. And a woman the most sexy thing you can do is be confident enough to heal your metabolic dysfunction. To take care of yourself and to accept wherever you are in your aging. I mean that with my whole heart. It's been a blast to hang out with you. I wish we were like all at a convention center hanging out today. Maybe we will maybe one day we will have a hormone and wellness retreat in person. And I'll get Dr. Erica to go oh my god, wouldn't it be? Get Erica get Dr. Tina to come do a workout together. This room would have the room for workouts for beginners. This room would have the room from people who've been working out for a while. That would be so much fine. All right. Now here's the thing. One other thing is an NP who says she's a hormone therapist trustworthy. I mean, I don't know. She might be find out what she utilizes. If you go to see her and she's like, I don't like Asteron I'm not giving you testosterone then you know you're she's questionable. If she's like I only use supplements. Those are dangerous. You don't need them. She's quoting from old textbooks. That's how you tell. Okay, the more extreme someone is in any direction and not allowing you to choose an advocate for yourself, the more you want to stay away from alright. I will talk to you guys soon. I will see you in a week. Your recording will be available with your audio and your transcript within 24 hours. And let's rock this stuff. You guys matter? You're beautiful. So start advocating for yourself. Talk to you soon.

