GHL Webinar Focus - GW Weekly Marketing Mastermind
Date: 2024-06-26T15:57:47.000Z
Duration: 88 min
Otter ID: BUh3IQLGz6pYThvFp9dJDultblc
---

[0:22] Speaker 0: some people? Yeah, yeah, cool.

[3:46] Speaker 0: Just got any any

[4:10] Peter with Rick Pino: more data come out of your research into all the iros and add stuff.

[6:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I I got, I was so exhausted last night, I ended up just going to bed. So I gotta, I got some courses I gotta record today, and then I'll dive back into that this afternoon.

[10:49] Speaker 0: The

[11:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think, I think the, I think just what we had talked about was, was there, the thing I still want to like verify is it's hard to verify. Well, we can see that a lot of the sales came from sources other than ads. My question is, did those people come in direct previously, originally, or have they? And I don't know if we know that question as well as, what is our desired kind of like, length of funnel or client relationship before we close a sale, but, but, I mean, that is a lot of you know, what is your normal length when somebody books a call that closes, how long does it take them to buy? Is it almost like right after that call?

[26:10] Peter with Rick Pino: Um, yeah, within a week, do

[26:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: they do? They usually have to book multiple calls before they buy

[27:55] Peter with Rick Pino: uh, usually. So I would say 30 to 40% one call closes, and 60 to 70% take a follow up. Okay,

[30:38] Speaker 0: yeah. So

[31:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: if 60 to 70% take a take a follow up, well, but you said within a week, though, whereas a lot of people through ads, I mean, we're not seeing it within a week on that cycle, and we looks like we had been

[34:48] Peter with Rick Pino: a week having the call. Yeah? So yeah. Now there's outside cases. Of course, we've had people who come back four months later, like, I finally got my money together and they whatever. But like, I would say, typically, the follow up is, like, within that week, okay,

[40:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: is written to be joining us.

[41:09] Peter with Rick Pino: Yeah, it'll just be when he, like, when he jumps in here,

[42:42] Speaker 0: let me I'll text him

[44:55] Speaker 3: what's up. Everybody you

[45:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: had made mention, Pete, of certain processes that we're not doing that might be good to talk about today. Sure, from what you guys have studied over the last year or So.

[49:40] Speaker 0: Look at

[52:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: that. My Cayman Islands hat on.

[53:57] Speaker 4: Nice. You look like you're on vacation today.

[55:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I try to feel like I'm on vacation every day. That's that's the best way to do it.

[57:00] Christie with Rick Pino: The same way he listens to a bunch of reggae just to, like, get the vibe. You

[58:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, I don't do reggae. I do a lot of Latin music, though. Oh,

[59:45] Speaker 0: nice. Oh yeah, yeah.

[61:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Funny story about Latin music, my brother has a recording studio in Anaheim that he was renting. Well, he has a new landlord. Apparently, his new landlord is the number one Latin artist in the world now that owns his recording studio. So now he can barely get in there, because they're just bringing all their people in there, and so he's trying to find a new studio. Because they're like, they'll call him and be like, Hey, we have an hour open for you, Bobby. You can come in. He's like, what? Whereas he had like, so much open time before, and now that this artist is in there, and he's literally the number one Latin artist in the world

[69:50] Speaker 3: that's crazy. What up y'all,

[70:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah,

[70:44] Speaker 0: what's up, dude, yo, yo, yo. How you doing? Yep, sorry, sorry. One second y'all,

[74:38] Speaker 3: better. Okay, cool. Oh, perfect, perfect. Doing good. We're just shooting away. Man, building this stuff out. So guys, I would like to spend no more than an hour on here, just because, like, I'm in the zone trying to do this. If we can get it done sooner than that, that would be even better for me. Cool. A couple of couple of quick things Pete might have already mentioned, we need to go over the high level strategy that we want to do with them, because we're in a now in a contract with them, and just want to make sure that we fulfill, but also that we crush and that we can leverage that contract for our our our biggest benefit, because we're already going to give them a huge benefit. Hopefully, I believe we will. And then moving forward, I think Jeremiah Krakowski with it, I would like for you to kind of just take over the the captain Chair of the ads manager sooner than later, because we've already had that conversation with Adrian and Jen and all those guys. They they know what's up, and so whenever you're ready, I'm ready, and let's, let's just start doing it

[94:54] Peter with Rick Pino: well. Their expectation is, this is their last week with us too.

[95:50] Speaker 3: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like,

[96:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just, I don't want to, but here's running ads that are not making any money for you right now. 1,000%

[98:26] Speaker 3: 1,000% but we also have to consider our closers get really depressed if no one shows up to their calendar, so and if they get depressed, then the sales go down. So we just, that's what I'm saying. Like, if we want to, I want to keep them happy, because whenever they're in good spirits, the closes are better. But I agree with you. Jeremiah Krakowski, don't want to be spending money on ads that aren't doing anything. So we just need to figure that out. Those are the two things kind of on my radar. So if you guys want to jump in, let's do it. Yeah, let's

[107:48] Peter with Rick Pino: start with high level. Since we kind of have to do that one during this meeting to get going and having an answer, I'm going to share my screen just to share the contract, just so we're all kind of like level set on what's going on here.

[111:10] Speaker 3: Jeremiah, do you know about this, this contract that we've just done with go high level.

[112:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know about the contract, but I you briefly told me a little bit about it.

[113:44] Speaker 3: So basically we just, we entered a partnership with them. We're going to basically be like a brand affiliate, type of, you know, personality, for the next three months where we are in contract. Pete will go through it here, but basically, we're going to do a webinar that pushes people to sign up for free, trial the high level. We're going to beef that up by making an actual offer around it, like, build a program, shoot a couple courses, and then you also, like for free. You're going to get kind of how harmozi did on his big, like, virtual event, this thing and this thing and this like, build the value, like it's a $20,000 product, and then say, and it's yours for free. So that's kind of the idea. And the benefit for them is that they're going to get people to sign up for a free membership for high level the benefit for us is that they are paying the ads. And we get, number one, we get to share the the leads, but number two, we get to use our affiliate link that people sign up to. So it could potentially become a pretty nice residual for us on the back end, with people who stay on,

[133:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could literally just look at how her Moses promoting school, almost, and

[135:20] Speaker 0: do something similar.

[135:55] Peter with Rick Pino: Yeah, that's a free trial into school, I think, as well.

[137:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Well, he's basically saying, I want to give you for free. What you know, have you seen that one where he, like, pulls out, like, pulls out, like, $1,000 and he's like, he's

[139:28] Speaker 3: like, Can I have your email? I want to give you $1,000 worth of value for free, just like this person who made a bajillion dollars, and that person make 20k and this one, yeah, yeah,

[142:48] Peter with Rick Pino: yeah. Basically, this is a contract real

[143:36] Speaker 3: quick. Let me just say this too, because Pete's going to go over this here in a second, but right now, the contract we have basically proposed we'll do a weekly webinar. They propose we will give you guys 10k a month, and they're expecting at least 100 people to do a free trial every month off of their 10k I was talking to Pete yesterday. If it was me, I wouldn't care how the person gets it done, as long as they get it done and they don't blow up my budget and they actually get the numbers right. So let's look at it today. I'd like to take a few minutes and brainstorm. Is a live webinar the best way to do this? I don't necessarily think so. But we were in webinar mode whenever all this happens. So we're like webinar, like you sign the contract for it. But I do believe that we could propose to them, you know, making an addendum to the contract and just saying, hey, you know, can we do an auto webinar? Can we do anything else, as long as we hit the numbers? I'm sure they probably say yes. But anyways, that's a little bit more context. Go ahead.

[161:20] Peter with Rick Pino: Pete, yeah, so if you can see the screen here, it's basically build webinar funnel designed to sell high level on the front end and position affiliates high ticket offers on the back end. High Level webinar offer to include free consultation from affiliates team. Rick and I talked about this, that it's most likely that free consultation, instead of having them book a call with our team or whatever, they'll get a free consultation, which will most likely be another like auto webinar, type of a deal that where Rick sells them on booking a call with our team. Then they'll go through our funnel where they have to fill out an application, and it filters the bad ones out so that we're not taking our team's time on a bunch of people who just got a free thing. So that's kind of what we're going to do, is the consultation is what we're talking about. It'll include a free consultation from our team, a snapshot of one of our funnels we need to think through, what snapshot would be most beneficial to get them to want to work with us in the future, and a high level course developed by affiliate, once again, that course should be a course that is a course and A pitch, essentially, of why they should work with us further, but still gives value as well. Webinar funnel will be launched within four weeks of signing this agreement, which is now it's down to like just under three weeks since we signed affiliate will host one webinar every week during the term. This is what we want the addendum on to be able to make it a auto webinar that's instantly delivered. And we'll just make our justification for that being higher show rates, which increases conversions. Affiliate will run paid advertising to drive affiliate will run paid advertising to drive traffic to webinar funnel in accordance with section two. Section two, we'll go over attendance at other high level scheduled events, webinars, podcasts or other events that's requested. Obviously, this is like within reason that we don't have other stuff going on. If they want Rick to jump on a podcast or speak at an event, they're saying that he's a what do they call it, like a promoted brand or an endorsed brand. So they want you to be that regular check ins with high level team to review partnership and goals, easy other activities, events or services as mutually agreed. So it just means it's open. Revenue goal, 10,000 a month, starting in the first month they want, which is 100 signups. So it's a rolling three month average over time with a churn rate of no more than 14% fees during the this time, they waive our high level fees, which is like 500 bucks a month for us. Subject to us hitting these goals, they'll give us $10,000 a month if we don't hit them. They might lower that or cancel it if we do hit it, they might give us more. So what this section is basically saying,

[211:26] Speaker 3: Can I make a statement real quick? Pete on the budget side. So essentially, and this, this will be good for Jeremi, also, too, which you probably already thought of this here in the numbers, we need to be able to spend $100 and get somebody to sign up for high level for free, which I think is doable, because it's 10 grand they want, you know, 100 people. That's the math on it. We have $100 I mean, it might be easier to walk up to somebody on the side of street like, hey, I'll pay you $100 right now if you just sign up for this software. But we got to do it in our digital marketing way, so,

[221:44] Peter with Rick Pino: so that's it. The rest of it is just template, you know, stuff that contracts have. So that's that's the starting point both parties have signed. Now it's time to brainstorm a few things. One,

[225:13] Speaker 3: let me, let me throw this out there. Right quick to Pete, I think it'd be good for us to figure out what is our end goal on this, because at the time, we were in webinar mode and we were still putting bows on DPA. And we're like, dude, this could be great lead flow for DPA, and it will be, but now we're shifting all of our internal focus to hTu. So what do we want to do with these leads? What kind of what kind of leads do we want to attract? You know what I'm saying, and how do we want to convert these to where. So I think we should start with that as the end goal. Instead of saying we could do this, we could do that. Let's start with our end goal and then figure out what would be the West best way to accomplish that goal.

[238:54] Peter with Rick Pino: There's a lot of strategies that we could think of. We could make the course a a YouTube, an unlisted YouTube playlist, and then in after every YouTube thing just be like, Hey, this is actually like, subscribe to the channel while you're on here. Like, just get them immersed that way that might convert more to DPA than trying to get them to book a call, because it everything on YouTube gets into book a call anyways, true, true. So maybe, maybe it'd be harder to track that way, but we would just intuitively know that probably would have a better result from everything that we've kind of looked at. That's an idea. Another thing, like I said, The consultation is basically a another little mini webinar pitch. That's the consultation. And the course is value with a pitch, obviously, but what's I think the end goal would be to book two closers. If we could book one closer full time with this, just this play your your organic will book the other closer full time. And that's kind of what we need. One

[259:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing that I'm thinking is like for your market, definitely honing in on like, who your demographic is. As far as that goes, you might be able to convert more free trials by not being in your market, but I don't know if you want to do that. Meaning, like, if you went to a completely different industry, you might get people that are more likely to sign up for high level because they're not in the digital marketing industry.

[265:38] Speaker 3: Yeah, I've considered that too. It's just the only problem with that is it's kind of like you almost have to develop the market before you can take it, you know what I'm saying. And hey guys, you can make money online. And here's how you need a funnel. And by the way, here's the software. And, like, there's so many steps just to get them. Oh,

[270:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: so then I think back to, like, a lot of people like that sell affiliate I see tons of people that sell affiliates of systemi, io, and they're all like, Oh my gosh. Like, we have the greatest system for free for you to build your whole business. And so, like, they sell it as this whole, like, it's a whole system to build your business, everything included for free, versus, like, trying to sell them on, like that. Another side that I've seen is like, we're going to give you our funnels. We're going to walk you through our funnels have generated XYZ amount of dollars. So if that's, that's another play that you could go it's kind of like we're going to give you our funnels type of thing, and all you got to do is get this free trial. Um, the the other, the other play would be, again, just kind of Funnel Hacking. Russell Brunson, Funnel Hacking.

[282:36] Speaker 3: That's what I was about to say, like, blew up Clickfunnels, like, with a webinar. So that was our initial thought. Like, should we just copy Russell's webinar that blew up quick funnels and do this? Like, yeah.

[286:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, the Yeah, the caveat to that is, a lot of his webinars that blew up Clickfunnels had additional bonuses attached to them. Like, I remember he even like,

[289:03] Speaker 3: that's why we added the course and, yeah, yeah,

[290:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: incredible free gift ever, the MIF key whole thing. So I think, I think a little bit of a hybrid of kind of all those ideas together would be interesting.

[294:12] Speaker 3: What is the smartest way to spend $100 to get somebody to have a free trial for high level

[297:02] Peter with Rick Pino: I think, yeah, auto webinar. Because that's, that's punchline, right? Because I, when we were doing the auto webinar for like, profit, passion, passionate profits. Yes, we were getting so many people to book a call, which is a decent jump of a call to action. We were getting, like, a ton of people to book a call off of that auto webinar we had to turn it off. Like, if, if we could get somebody to book a call, we could get them to take a free court like, here's a here's a huge value. You're getting it for free. Yep, I don't see how it wouldn't do perform just as well. And

[307:52] Speaker 3: I think the way that I start that off is like, Guys, listen, I want to build our relationship together. I know a lot of people just come out the gate asking for stuff, but in order to build this relationship and establish it on the right foot here, at the end of this training, I'm going to be giving you a free gift worth whatever 5000 bucks, and that's how we're going to start a relationship. If it's interest, if it interests you, then continue listening on how to XYZ, do the webinar, show them how to do it and then provide the and by the way, you're going to get this, this, this. And like I told you the beginning, all of this is yours for completely free. And that's, I think that approach would be pretty cool. I've seen, I forget who it was. I saw a marketer recently do that, and I was like, that's really smart to just go, Hey, this is an ad. I might have been Frank Kern, I can't remember who it was, but hey, this is an ad $4 deal. Yeah, maybe, yeah. Maybe it was him or something like that. And you know, I want to start this off on the right foot by providing a ton of value to you, and if you like it cool, and if you don't cool, whatever. But I think just sharing the intention right up front, here's I'm about to give you something free, and here's why. And just listen to this training and you'll get the thing for free. I think that could be a pretty cool approach.

[328:03] Speaker 0: I like that. Yeah,

[328:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. The side to that is, like, everybody's giving away value for free. So how do you make this stand out?

[330:09] Speaker 3: Me, like it's it's me. I'm the thing that makes it stand out. Some people will like the other guy's free thing, and some people like my free thing.

[332:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do all your clients right now so far have high level accounts? Nope, nope. Okay, well, there's

[334:54] Peter with Rick Pino: a bunch of that would

[335:12] Speaker 3: be there, fruit right there.

[336:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And everybody who's in with you, we just kind of

[337:09] Speaker 3: like, Pete, how many people are using our affiliate link on on high level right now, because that our first month done already, our first month is done, though,

[340:09] Peter with Rick Pino: by just by getting the people who aren't you mean, yeah, yeah. And switch agency go to,

[343:12] Speaker 3: because it's almost five people in the program and what, like 100 are using our affiliate link or something, maybe not even

[345:35] Peter with Rick Pino: we don't have 100 It's, uh,

[346:26] Speaker 3: 38 I think, Oh, my God, that we got to do a huge push for DPA, like the first the first two done.

[349:10] Speaker 0: Yeah,

[350:13] Speaker 3: we could just pocket the 30k and just get 300 people from our community to sign up. I won't do that because we're in contract, but it's, it's a funny thought

[352:39] Speaker 2: that would be. The interesting thing, though, is for the first month just running retargeting ads, take all your data, throw it into Facebook, and then just retarget for a go high level,

[356:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: even just a VSL, about go high level? Yep, targeted. And then, like, tell all your DPA people you need to go watch this.

[360:32] Peter with Rick Pino: Like, if we make it our auto webinar, it's

[361:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: my only, My only caveat to the auto webinar is their attention span.

[363:34] Speaker 4: For DPA, we can literally add it as a lesson.

[365:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, yeah, this is a required lesson. Everybody needs to watch this. Well, here just, here's just lock him in a straight jacket in the chair and make him watch it.

[367:21] Speaker 3: Well, here's my other thought, instead of, and I know you're being goofy. Jeremiah Krakowski, but sorry, could we? Could we create something irresistible for DPA that they're like? What? That's insane and be like, guys, we're gonna give you this and this, if, when you register for your account for high level because in order to succeed on this thing, you guys need high level and like, even

[374:41] Peter with Rick Pino: just say like, we, we actually. And this

[375:25] Speaker 0: is, I mentioned, it's here. Ai, well,

[376:19] Peter with Rick Pino: it could be, we actually, after doing research on our most successful students, noticed a trend. All of our most successful students have high level, and the ones who are struggling for some reason, you don't. So, blah, blah, blah, like.

[380:30] Speaker 3: So in order to get you guys onto high level, we are going to give you this thing. Start your free trial with this link. I mean, bro, spending 30 days. So here's what we're going to do. What if the first webinar is to our community, bro,

[384:48] Peter with Rick Pino: yeah, they, part of the contract is they get to go into our ads manager and see where, what ads we're spending that 10,000 on.

[387:07] Speaker 3: Okay, then we can retarget our our DPA peeps, can't we? Jeremiah

[388:22] Peter with Rick Pino: Krakowski, our general audience too. Because, yeah. Yeah. So here's, here's what I don't want to do, and we can do it, but if we do this one play, and it's our one plate, now we have to build something still, because it's just one play that gets used once or twice.

[392:48] Speaker 3: I am okay with that, because I am in hTu build mode right now and I'm like any, any kind of focus that I need to give elsewhere feels like a distraction for me currently, at this moment. But if I could buy an extra month, this is the play all day long. I think

[397:28] Peter with Rick Pino: it's not really buying an extra month, we'd have to get approval to not run ads, to not build a course, not build

[400:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: running ads.

[400:14] Speaker 3: I'm saying we're still running ads. We would just be retargeting DPA. We would still build the course. We'd still build the stuff, but it would just be, it would be the lowest hanging fruit is just to our DPA community. What

[403:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: one thing when I read that contract, it also doesn't actually give you timelines as to when the course needs to be done

[405:42] Peter with Rick Pino: within four weeks, everything from four weeks of building the of signing the agreement, so three weeks now.

[408:11] Speaker 0: Can you pull it back up again? Sure.

[411:03] Peter with Rick Pino: Oops. Am I sharing the right thing

[412:06] Speaker 3: here? Jeremiah Krakowski, if we retarget, just DPA your backyard.

[413:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Pete, that's awesome. That'd be

[414:27] Speaker 4: an amazing backyard. Uh,

[415:25] Speaker 3: real quick. Jeremiah Krakowski, just DPA with that. No one else would see those ads, right? So I could literally talk directly to digital product account, yeah, okay, how do you read

[419:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: that? And then you could do just retargeting, just buyers, like the 400 buyers. We can do that. It can, you can. Oh, easy. Oh, right? Oh,

[422:07] Peter with Rick Pino: yeah. Okay, so here's what it is, the webinar offer. So that means, once you run the webinar, it's going to have an offer that you're selling. At the end it's to include all this stuff. And that webinar that includes all that stuff launches within four weeks, which means the stuff that's included has to be done within those four weeks. Okay,

[430:03] Speaker 3: which is easy. We can easily get that down

[430:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: the high level. Course, can just go into the DPA members area, and if you want to make another core again, also, when we talk about a course, like, how much work is that really? You can make it simple, course start and then maybe

[434:44] Speaker 0: later, super easy. Yeah,

[435:36] Speaker 4: Rick's built like 100 courses in the last two months.

[436:39] Speaker 2: Yeah, that's awesome. I

[439:28] Speaker 3: Krakowski, so here's the pros and cons for the go after our audience, our current audience, our current students. Pros would be super easy to get probably hundreds of them to register for high level not all, not all of them are going to do it, but probably out of 400 plus who haven't registered, we could probably get at least 200 of them registered number one. So that's a pro. It'd be easy to get them on some kind of live training, like we could literally take the next we could take two weeks, and kind of how we did on the announcement of the VIP day. Every every call Pete, Steve and me, Pete, even to me, are all like guys bricks doing this training. Don't miss it. Don't Don't miss it. Don't miss it. Don't miss it. And then, boom, just make the offer to them and get a bunch of them to sign up. That's the pros. It'd be easy to do. The cons. There would no, there would be no back end, as far as like, big whooshes or chunks of money for us, except for the MRR that comes with peeps who stay on. You know what I'm saying, which is still kind of a win, like if I don't know, I don't know the numbers, but if 200 people, let me just do some math here, if 200 people take it and 80% stay on, that's 160 and then what we get paid, 30% of the

[465:04] Peter with Rick Pino: affiliates, maybe 6400, a month.

[466:09] Speaker 3: So that one play would bring an extra six grand a month just off that one play. It's not a ton,

[468:05] Peter with Rick Pino: but so that's saying that 200 so we have a pretty much like half, half of the people do this, and 80% of them stay on.

[471:20] Speaker 3: That's what I'm saying. Because I don't think 100% are going to take it. We might get more. I don't know. We might get less, but I think we could get at least 50% on there. I really do. I uh,

[475:44] Christie with Rick Pino: just to play devil's advocate, like I'm not the ads person, but I don't like a lot of those people aren't active in the community, so getting them to, like,

[478:25] Peter with Rick Pino: buy something additional on a good coaching call, buy

[479:26] Christie with Rick Pino: something additional if they're not already even active when they already paid. Just

[481:11] Speaker 3: Yes, we get 30 peeps on a coaching call. But that's for the everyday, mundane, business as usual. When we all said, Rick's making a huge announcement, there was, I don't know, Rome maybe, or rum's working. There's probably, like 140 or something like that that showed up to the guys, don't miss this call. Rick's going to be making this announcement. We are, Chris, you were probably on there too. It was over 100 people that jumped on to that call because we just made it a big deal. And and I think if we do the same thing, yes, we it won't be 30. I think we'll get a ton more on there. Yes, the same 140

[491:12] Peter with Rick Pino: 100 and 140, at least 100 of them need to do this. So that means, like all but 40 of them need to do it. Who jumped would jump on

[493:38] Speaker 3: i i believe i can get at least 100 if we got 140 on a live call. I believe I can get at least 100 to take the free offer from me. Right there I would

[496:12] Christie with Rick Pino: compete don't already have it, though, like that's the concern to 38 of them

[497:36] Peter with Rick Pino: have it through our link. I think that some of them probably go to gohilevel.com not through our link, because they don't know how to click a link or whatever. So there might be a little bit more who have it or whatever, but 38 through our link habit,

[500:53] Speaker 4: if I didn't restrict it to just DPA, and also included our entire business list that would shoot all the numbers up just then

[503:20] Peter with Rick Pino: we couldn't fill it in the group. That's what I'm saying. So, like, we're gonna have to do, like, maybe

[504:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: make it open to everybody, even though it seems like it's special, just for the group, and then just have everybody jump on from your list. Like, I don't not to do that.

[507:03] Speaker 4: We can also always, we can always put in high level members area, or do both. If we have the video, we just have to be

[509:25] Peter with Rick Pino: both, or that's what I'm saying, because otherwise, people who aren't paying for DPA would have to access part of DPA.

[512:02] Speaker 4: Yeah, then I think we'd host it in high level, but also put it in school. For those who are in there, that's the easy part. That's probably the easiest part of the whole thing.

[514:45] Speaker 3: Yeah, send them a link. Yeah, no one has to come into school who's not GPA,

[516:21] Speaker 4: yeah, it'll generate their login email for them to log in and access the course inside a high level for

[517:44] Peter with Rick Pino: everybody, and then those who are

[518:50] Speaker 3: either one, yeah,

[521:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: then going after the whole list. Let's one thing that I would like to do. And again, that might sound weird, but like, I think we all can very quickly come up with ways this isn't going to work, but if we think about like ways that it could work, that's another like, just perspective to just really think about.

[526:36] Peter with Rick Pino: I think going after our whole warm list is guaranteed to work. It's not like you close you have to close at a 70% close rate, or it doesn't work. That's kind of the scenario is putting yourself into which I'm not saying you won't, and I know that you're confident you will, but it is like you have to close at 70% in that scenario, whereas if you go after your whole list and you close at 30% which is a great close rate, you're gonna get way more than the 100 minimum.

[534:51] Speaker 3: Yeah, and then. But here's the thing, I might have shared us in the wrong direction here, because eventually we need this to work for us over and over, or trying to get

[537:52] Peter with Rick Pino: out at the beginning, and then we're gonna have to build it again. And it's another is it actually different strategy. We have to build different courses, different everything in that scenario,

[540:00] Speaker 3: build would be different, but the strategy definitely should be different, because the build is just we could deliver what we're talking about to DPA or to random strangers.

[542:25] Peter with Rick Pino: No, no, maybe. But here's what, what I'm thinking, right? If you do it to our DPA students, you wouldn't make the course a pitch to DPA. It wouldn't make sense. Yeah, so we'd have to rebuild it for, like the general, for, like, our real what we really want to where the course is info, plus a pitch to DPA. So it is, it is for the strategy. There is some differences in how you'd actually build the course and the snapshot and all that stuff, I would think,

[550:23] Speaker 3: yeah, I think there's a way to do it to where it'd work for both. So we just have to figure it out. And honestly, if I need to reshoot another course, who the heck cares? It'll take me an hour. Like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. I

[554:41] Peter with Rick Pino: think that's a good way to

[555:02] Speaker 3: look at it. Um,

[555:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're running cold ads, one of the ways that I could see is, like, if you have, like, an instant access VSL that you can able, you're able to track, like, how far they get through it, so they don't

[559:50] Peter with Rick Pino: if it's always like with your audience size, Rick and maybe Jeremiah Krakowski, know if this is true with Rick's audience size, if every single month we're running this just as retargeting to his audience, to his social audiences, is that enough to we're not going After pure cold ads like is going after warm still, or like warmer.

[567:44] Speaker 3: My only thought with that is, would that compete with everything else we're going to be doing

[569:04] Peter with Rick Pino: if we're mainly doing DPA, and this still leads to DPA, I don't know.

[571:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, it's better than what you're spending on for DPA right now.

[572:25] Peter with Rick Pino: Kind of what I was saying too. I love

[572:56] Speaker 3: that Jeremiah Krakowski kind of slides that in here

[574:12] Peter with Rick Pino: and there. Here for it, I'm here for it. It's okay. What

[575:49] Speaker 0: was I gonna say? Hmm,

[578:06] Speaker 3: okay, so the biggest objections are the biggest goals, sorry, the biggest goals that we have from this campaign is we need people to sign up for high level and we want them to convert to DPA, right? So is there, what is the easiest way to do all of that?

[583:35] Peter with Rick Pino: So I think, I think that's a good question, and maybe that's the the question. Another question is, what is the best way? Because it is easiest, like the goal, and if it is, or is it like, what's the best way to where we do it once and it's the best and now it converts the best, it is the best? Or is it just, what's the easiest way? And then, well,

[590:13] Speaker 3: that best, I think, best way? Yes. But if we could run this thing to where it does not take any any effort from our team, except for, like, running ads and fulfilling that's where I would like to dial this in.

[594:40] Peter with Rick Pino: Maybe it's both, what is the the easiest way, what's the best way to do this in a way that doesn't take anything from our team, but it's still like the best way to do that?

[597:25] Speaker 3: Yeah, the best, I think best first, it's got to be, what's the best way that makes us the easiest conversion? Yeah,

[599:01] Peter with Rick Pino: yeah. I like that because I feel like the easiest way might give, not give us a result we want, and the best way, without saying the second part, might give us something that we hate, like. So it's the best way to do this to where it doesn't take time from our team, ultimately, but it's still getting us the best result.

[604:19] Speaker 3: And the two and the two goals

[604:46] Speaker 0: to really hype it up pretty, pretty big. Rick, what's that? I

[606:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: think you're gonna have to hype up, go high level, pretty big, just in your pitch.

[608:10] Peter with Rick Pino: I think a way to do this, this is a hook, and maybe it's a good one. Maybe it's not. But someone I was thinking of is most people are using high level wrong. I've made millions of dollars using it differently than what most people are doing out there. Everybody's trying to create agencies, blah, blah, blah. I don't have to do any of that. I don't have a big team who's running people's ads. I don't have, you know, I'm not doing people's social media yet. I'm using high level to make millions. Let me show you how, because that's it. Is what you do. You don't use high level the way that most people, most people on high level, are agencies. The

[618:17] Speaker 3: only, only thing with that language though Pete, because I really like that approach. Already have high level. Yeah,

[620:13] Speaker 0: yeah, it's already have it.

[621:11] Peter with Rick Pino: So it's, or maybe the hook isn't even talking about high level, like I've made maybe it's just your results, like, up front, done, like you're eight figure, and you couldn't have done any of it without one software or something that

[625:41] Speaker 3: and kind of jacked, but it might work. Is targeting the click funnel, audience funnel.

[627:13] Peter with Rick Pino: I was thinking about that too. That's how we got to high level.

[628:25] Speaker 4: There's a lot of pain there still.

[629:29] Speaker 3: But you know, it's like, I'll just make sure not to have the awards. Like, hey guys, do you hate Click Funnels,

[631:13] Speaker 4: but we just take everything Russell did about websites, but apply it to click funnels. But like, click funnels are

[634:05] Peter with Rick Pino: dead. Infusionsoft was confusion. Stuff, Click Funnels could be

[635:57] Speaker 0: Dick funnels.

[637:24] Speaker 3: We all knew where it was going,

[639:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: or we could say Click Funnels more like sick funnels, but yeah, but I mean that right there would be that. Would I have a statement that I have used about Clickfunnels for probably the last six months? I said, here's the thing, Clickfunnels set the foundation, then Russell brunch has screwed it up. He destroyed the entire platform in his business, and there's something way better out there.

[646:05] Speaker 3: I wouldn't want to throw stones at him. I would rather at the at the concept, yeah, if I list his name in there now I basically, like, cut any connection I have off with him and

[649:40] Peter with Rick Pino: raving fans of his, who are huge influencers as well. Like, there's a lot of big

[651:20] Speaker 3: heaps that I'm connected with are in his inner circle. And blah, blah, blah, Myron, Die Hard click funnel. Or he's a Myron is a die hard Russell guy, not a click funnel

[654:34] Peter with Rick Pino: guy. Yeah, exactly. So you don't want to throw the rocks at the guy, because everybody loves as a matter of fact, most people who are like, click, funnel sucks. Now they're like, but I love Russell. He's a great guy. He's a great marketer, like he's so everybody loves Russell. Okay,

[658:17] Speaker 3: is there a story to tell? Pete, you and I have been talking about this anyways. Is detail in the approach? Guys? Listen, we all know that the funnel industry is changing rapidly, and what used to work. It's obviously not working anymore. Look, I've used softwares like click funnels, blah blah and name, name, not just click funnels, bunch all of that. Like, yeah, I've used HubSpot Click Funnels, blah, blah, blah. And all of these are garbage compared to what I have found in high level. And honestly, I've made millions in in Clickfunnels. I've I've done well in others, but go high level has been the number one Easiest and best way for me to do what I'm doing. Blah, blah, blah. And maybe just tell the story, because everyone knows it's true. Everyone knows the industry has changed. And if you're in the Clickfunnels world, and you're not like a newbie who's like, all mesmerized out of nothing, but you, you've been around for like, a year or two or more. You know that Clickfunnels is going down, yeah, and honestly saying, like, and look, some of these softwares, they even launched like, a 2.0 and it didn't even it tried to be what high level is, and it's just simply not. And you know it, and I know it. That's why, in this training, I want to blah blah and kind

[678:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: of just just, I'm wondering if you need to even take them into a training. I wonder if, literally, just that ad straight to the trial

[680:41] Speaker 3: shoot, bro. I mean, what if there's a mini VSL on the free offer, like that? Ad to a mini VSL to the free offer? Yeah. So

[683:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's like a mini VSL,

[683:45] Speaker 3: and we your dollars on that, and someone would sign up, for sure. I

[684:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: think that might be our best test play right there. And then stack the bonuses right there. You could literally pitch that in less than five minutes to people.

[687:48] Speaker 3: That's what I'm saying? Yeah, the the VSL could be like a five minute, you know, simple training on why it's better, and then it could be a five minute stack. Here's what you're going to get for free on this offer down below. There's no catch. If you like it, you can stay on for 97 bucks a month, if not, no big deal. Boom.

[693:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Think that feels really good. As far as, like, our first initial let's build that, let's test it, let's run it, and then repeat

[695:30] Speaker 3: the idea, like the the automated webinar, or the, it's kind of a hybrid of all that. But yeah, I

[697:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: just don't know if people are going to sit through a whole webinar. And

[698:54] Speaker 0: for this thing. I've

[699:16] Peter with Rick Pino: seen Rick do plenty of webinars. We have very low dropout rate on any of them, because the way he runs them is,

[700:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know I'm sorry the hook to get them even to sit on it, unless you're hooking it in as like a biz op, if you're hooking them in with a funnel thing, I feel like their attention spans slightly different

[704:47] Peter with Rick Pino: because they're like, already more sophisticated of a market. Yeah, they

[705:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: already kind of like, know about the online marketing space. Pete, here's

[707:05] Speaker 3: what I think we should do, is reach out to to Jonah and be like, Hey, man, you make a very small addendum to the to the contract, instead of it, instead of us being bound to it being a live webinar, could we also have the option to do auto webinars as well? Because I'm going

[711:43] Peter with Rick Pino: to ask auto webinar and VSL and test, which ones work the best, beautiful, whatever actually gets the best results, like we're going to, we want to test. And we, we, we think that, you know, there's a good chance that of just a straight VSL might outperform a webinar just because it's, it's free, it's a free trial. It's not like a paid thing. And yeah, here's

[718:02] Speaker 3: if we go after Click Funnels, it's going to be good to get them to switch over. But is that our community to get them into DPA,

[721:56] Peter with Rick Pino: people who join Clickfunnels, diversity off that. So people who switch over usually aren't doing that well, because if you're like embedded, you're it's a pain to switch over. So if you're like, an easy switch over through like a VSL, you're not doing well yet, which means that, or they're just drank the juice and they don't even know how to be an entrepreneur yet. Yeah. So that's true. That's that's pretty good for DPA.

[729:42] Speaker 3: I just know that we can get somebody to click on an ad and to convert for 100 bucks on that little play that we just did, and add to like a mini mini VSL with the offer down below. Yeah, I just, I know we can do it for under 100 even if it went up to me too. Jeremiah Krakowski, we've done stuff like this before.

[735:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, whenever we ran ads to like, free trials like we were, we were, we're getting worship coach free trials with full webinars at like, $20 a trial Exactly. And that was maybe the worst, was like 50 to 100 but that's what I'm saying. Like $100 for a free trial with the VSL, I feel really confident in, I don't feel as confident in like there's less steps they have to go through to get the answer they're looking for. Yep, and it's again, it's taking advantage of this, like instant gratification, Tiktok generation. Now here's the thing again, how do we qualify that they're going to be DPA peeps.

[748:24] Speaker 0: That might be a little bit harder.

[748:49] Peter with Rick Pino: The application has that as long as we present it in a way that they still have to go through our application process, it filters out the ones they have

[751:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: to go through your application to get

[751:44] Peter with Rick Pino: on the back end. No, on the front end, they'll get high level we'll get 40% commission no matter what, but for the bonus, when he stacks the bonuses, one of the bonuses is it'll lead essentially, down the path where they have to fill out an application for that bonus.

[757:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so when you run ads, you can only use one filter set with like, actually targeting the ad. So if you're going to only target for people that are qualified, applications to this your your free trial cost is going to go to like, I

[761:44] Peter with Rick Pino: don't think that that's the 600 bucks. I don't think that on the front end, we try to make them qualified. Okay? I think on the front end, we go after people who be most

[764:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, what do you get? Like, 100 people from India?

[766:03] Peter with Rick Pino: Well, obviously we're going to target us and, like, build smart targeting,

[767:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know. A lot of times they use VPNs too, though. So they see the US ads, yeah, like, they're kind of getting savvy on that too, because I get, I get a ton of people sometimes. I'm like, they're not from the US either. I targeted the US. I'm like, Really, so it's so, it's like, it's like thinking through what

[773:43] Peter with Rick Pino: is also asking, What if it's like retargeting people who are already engaging in like our warm like our organic style? Yeah, all of

[776:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: this, I think, is great. And I think we start from there, build that audience. Just kind of use the audience that you have, at least right now for DPA, the look alike audience, I think that would be a good place to go is build a lookalike audience based on the data we have, even from what hiros has already given us, would be better to look like on that we're not even using yet, and then target that for this offer so they would be hyper qualified, for sure, as far as that goes. Now you might need to you could test out 5% and 10% add reach. The only thing that I'm thinking is again, are they ready to sign up for an offer with a funnel, or are they like, Well, that'll be in your pitch, Rick, that'll be in your pitch where you can basically help them see the fact that, like, Hey, you might not have a your business figured out yet. You might not have that, but you need a platform, you know, cuz that's, that's the thing is, you don't want to then get a bunch of like, well, I'll wait till I get my business built, then I'll get the try. So that's where you could put a deadline funnel, a deadline on the trial. Like a might be able to use deadline funnel for that trial too,

[798:20] Speaker 3: yeah, or we could just keep it open deadline. I mean, it'll, it'll, I know, we use deadline funnel for worship coach, and it worked pretty cool for a while.

[800:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it would just be like, hey, look, you got, like, you got, like, four days to grab this trial. We'll send them, like four days.

[802:38] Speaker 4: I mean, they're working on that natively for high level right now too.

[804:24] Speaker 3: It's a free trial. It's just we, they don't need more than 24 hours or 48 hours I would think, yeah,

[805:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of people, when they think of a free trial, they do think about, there's a, there's a 30% of their brain that thinks about, well, am I going to stay on this or not? That questions. High Level

[809:29] Speaker 3: told us that they have an 80% stick rate. Yes,

[810:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, they have. Tells me exactly what I just said. Yeah, for sure, people generally don't sign up for a free trial unless they probably have already made the decision to stay on anyway.

[814:38] Peter with Rick Pino: However, if you get them to join because of scarcity, you might have a higher percentage of them who don't end up sticking on. Is that what you're getting at

[816:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: now, you might just have a higher percentage of them just taking action, but just kind of combining all these, or lit or the bonuses expire by a certain day so they can, yeah, if we

[819:59] Speaker 3: make the bonuses like, kind of how Russell did it, if there's like, Russell would give, like, four or five or six programs and click funnels, you know, and so if we just put the perceived value on, here's all this amazing, transformative stuff to get your business going. I mean, shoot bruh, maybe we just give them the digital course accelerator. Just name it something different. You know what I'm saying? It's already built. It's already something different. Why even name it something different? Just give it to them for free, and then I can put a couple of videos in each training. That's more of a pitch type of thing at the beginning

[832:42] Christie with Rick Pino: is that where we're delivering the snapshot as well? Or how does that

[833:27] Peter with Rick Pino: work? Well, need to deliver the snapshot within, yeah, probably within high level course area, right?

[837:04] Speaker 4: Yeah. If we have to clone a separate version of it, to keep that separate from people who bought DCA. That's we can do as well. But

[838:46] Speaker 3: yeah, the idea also, whenever they purchase DCA, it would kind of shoot us in the foot with some of these prospects, because they were already going to be closing in a DPA and like, oh, just buy the $1,000 thing. But this way, if they get it for free, and they're qualified in the application, they're just going to be even more immersed into into our stuff. And could potentially, if they're qualified through the application, that would still be a great call for a closer.

[848:25] Speaker 0: Yeah, so maybe we bring this interesting Rick here. What? On

[849:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: the closer side of things, there's only literally one ad that's getting your sales that's running right now. And I'm like, which one the fish one?

[852:10] Speaker 0: What? Yeah,

[852:38] Speaker 3: that one is the only one getting sales,

[853:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: one that got sales for you. A mama one got no sales, not in the last month. No, it's just the fish. All the sales that came through that are in high rows came to the fish. One,

[855:34] Speaker 3: oh, my God, even,

[856:11] Peter with Rick Pino: how many came through in the last month? Four, four, yeah.

[857:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: But the other ones like no sales. So and again, we might need to have another call, because I know you got to get going. Rick, yeah, yes. Like our strategy on that side of things, 100% we

[861:19] Speaker 3: have to. But guys, let's Yeah, let's kind of start landing this plane here. I like the idea of ads to like a landing page, mini VSL webinar, whatever we want to call it. Hopefully, I'm sure they will high level, give us the addendum, Pete, I like your idea of saying, could we put VSL auto webinar and live webinar on here so we could test whatever we need to test? I'm sure they'll say, Sure, just stay in the budget and get us the results, get them to convert, and then maybe we just sell digital course accelerator. And one of the things I get in there is a free trial to go high level.

[871:24] Peter with Rick Pino: The only thing, what would have to be another addendum, or like a change, would be build web webinar funnel designed to sell high level on the front end and position affiliates high ticket offer on the back end. This is actually positioning a totally different program on the front end. And a bonus is high level, which might not be what they're looking for, for branding, so in their spend,

[877:40] Speaker 3: well, let's, let's propose it, and then get back to the drawing board. If not, because if it was, if it was me, I wouldn't, I wouldn't get announced that they just want, they just want people to jump into the program, or, sorry, to jump into the software. That's what I keep feeling. And feel like I hear them saying, it might be wrong, but you're absolutely right. Pete, that's that is a good insight on that. Let's just, let's just see if we could do that and then, or even, say, ask them if we could test multiple deliveries and test multiple offers.

[887:38] Speaker 0: Yeah, that'll be good.

[889:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: The way I saw it was that they were, like, selling them to get the trial, then they get these DCA, like

[890:55] Peter with Rick Pino: Rick saying the opposite.

[891:21] Speaker 3: I'm talking about, maybe flipping it and saying, you get all this stuff and you get a free trial bonus.

[892:47] Peter with Rick Pino: You get 30 days free trial of how to of the platform to build it all on. So

[894:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: see, it's so funny as I don't like that approach. My concern

[895:11] Speaker 4: with that is, we've already tested that with DP Yeah. You got to people taking the trial. 5% of people, yeah, took it.

[897:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you're gonna Yeah, that, yeah, yeah. I think, I don't think that's gonna work as well as I think you gotta sell, like, sell it as, like, high level is the thing, and you can't get the right size, you're

[900:57] Peter with Rick Pino: gonna get like, 10% of them, yeah,

[902:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's like, maybe you can get 100% grab that, and then maybe,

[903:02] Peter with Rick Pino: and then a percentage that goes a higher percent will

[903:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: go through DCA as you're giving it to them. And so then you could sell and amp up the bonuses in the pitch. But the front end is still high level, I think, yeah, ask them anything. We could

[906:48] Speaker 3: turn it back on its head and make high level the main thing. You're going to get this free trial, but you're also going to get this and this and this and this and this and just stacked up firing

[909:44] Speaker 0: big,

[910:06] Peter with Rick Pino: hey, like, you know, we've had tons of people come through and pay $1,000 for this,

[912:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, for sure, you could have a special free trial if you're pooping at buckets. Uh, brother. I

[915:22] Speaker 0: mean, what do you guys think? Do you guys feel good about at least? I think the first thing is first Pete, we need to reach out to them and see if they'd even be open to this. Yeah, oh, it asked for, are you open to this? And can we restart the date to the new addendum that would be sick? Yeah, yep.

[920:28] Speaker 3: Let's ask him for that. And I don't know why they would say no, like, we'll just see what they say, and if they say yes, then we can keep brainstorming on it.

[923:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, something really cool that I know you got two minutes before we go. Rick, while we've been on this call, I've been able to filter in

[927:33] Speaker 2: our transcript into various AI algorithms, and I've been like asking it questions to give me so I'm I've been brainstorming with AI in the background over here.

[930:57] Speaker 3: Cool, cool. What do you really find? Everything? Cool. Uh,

[932:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's mostly just the same stuff we've been talking about. Um, pretty much so, but yeah, it was like one or two things I had mentioned that I was like, thought of from this. But that's something that I like to do, even on, like, meetings and and even I do it with coaching calls, with clients, and as I I had the AI there where I'm just kind of like, it's like a second brain that helps me, kind of like, what am I try this out anyway.

[939:36] Speaker 3: Do you how do you guys feel about this potential approach, if they sign off on it? Do you guys think it sounds good to anybody?

[941:52] Peter with Rick Pino: I like the VSL, yeah, I think that's the best.

[943:17] Speaker 3: It's kind of Pete. It feels almost like a hybrid of everything we're talking about that again, best and easiest. Maybe this is it, you know, yeah,

[946:04] Peter with Rick Pino: I think that if we do it, run it as a VSL, um, for for free, and the people who join get the course, get all that stuff. They get a pitch, and in that pitch for them, it's a fulfillment product. It's not a pitch, it's a fulfillment product. But for us, it's half fulfillment, and then the other half, we pitch them to book a call with our team and let them know that like we don't just accept anybody, that's why we have an application in place that you got to go through. And for those who are except blah, blah, blah, we'll get quality leads, and we will fill up one closer, which is really the goal that to me, if anything, that's the real goal. If we could use this whole play to fill up one closer full, what you're already doing, organic will fill the other closer up full, and then all of our ad spend goes to HDU. I love that's the point

[960:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would like to talk with the closers of or not me, but maybe, I mean, maybe me, but one of you guys about just the people that are considered qualified, that are not buying and what are they hearing from these people?

[965:58] Speaker 3: Yeah. I mean, Jeremiah, jump on, uh, maybe next week's huddle, and we can introduce you to the sales team. And because I'd be good to even have the setters on there too, and just get some data for you. Um, again, we'd be collecting data for DPA, not for HDU.

[970:45] Peter with Rick Pino: We do huddles. Jeremiah Krakowski said your Mondays are kind of like crazy, but we do huddles, Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays at 10am Central time. Yeah, so whichever one you want to jump on to, just let me know, and we'll make sure that one is set apart for that. Um,

[976:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I a Tuesday at 10am

[977:57] Speaker 0: so we can next next week. Okay, so

[978:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: help me understand too, Rick, I know you gotta go. So I could probably ask Pete and Steve these questions.

[979:59] Speaker 3: It's cool. I can. I can stay on just a couple more minutes. Who

[981:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: so qualified? Lead comes through what decides if it goes to a setter or a closer, or is it also

[983:34] Peter with Rick Pino: it all goes to closers, because unless you're like a B to B, sending it to setters, you have a double no show, compounding problem. So we're in a couple top masterminds of people who run this the it used to be thought that you send it to setter and then a closer, because the qualifications worth it. It's not because of the double no show. So say that you get even a 70% show rate, which is pretty good for them to show up to the setter call, and then a 70% to show up to the closer call. From that, the compounding of that means you have, like, a 40% show rate. So it's better. So what are your setters to create the closer so setters actually set new appointments from people who opt in but don't self book.

[996:52] Speaker 0: Oh, okay,

[997:06] Peter with Rick Pino: they do. They do confirmation calls, they do like somewhat of what you think it was like customer support with people who are

[998:39] Speaker 0: Do we have a way of tracking that, through hiros, tracking what

[1000:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: they didn't book, so it's obviously them as a call in hiros.

[1001:57] Peter with Rick Pino: So when that, whenever the setter sets them, they do it in a way that it still tracks them as a call. Is that, right? Steven, how

[1003:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: long is your setter cycle for? Is it like 25 days? You said

[1005:17] Speaker 4: they're in the funnel for like 21 days, and then we kick them into our warm market list if they don't do anything. Okay? Yeah, I think that hiros is tracking all leads, and then it's also tracking calls, and then it's also tracking the qualified calls. So

[1010:46] Peter with Rick Pino: when it track a qualified setter call, though, because they don't go through that they don't go through that application,

[1014:50] Speaker 4: right? Yeah, because once they do fill out the application, they are reassigned to a closer, and the setter pretty much goes hands off at that point.

[1016:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: One thing that I was thinking already might be interesting is I'm wondering if, like, we just need to reset up hiros Again, like, and have me and Steven or me like, log in with high risk is just like, Sure, why not have enough touch points that we're looking at and just kind of like, really, like,

[1021:31] Speaker 0: I love it. I think

[1022:36] Speaker 4: that's a good idea, because part of the hiros had a recommend, recommended way to set up and then scaling with systems had a slightly different way of setting it up, and I had to kind of mash the two together. I think that might have created some problems that we were experiencing yesterday.

[1027:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jeremiah Krakowski, so then what, where do I find the scaling with systems info?

[1028:43] Speaker 4: Do we have? Do we have that to give to Pete,

[1029:38] Peter with Rick Pino: I shared it with you dinner.

[1030:35] Speaker 4: Yeah, my login.

[1030:59] Peter with Rick Pino: Send him. Your login is fine,

[1031:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: is it just a course?

[1032:09] Peter with Rick Pino: It's a course. Yeah, it's a person

[1032:29] Speaker 0: in school. Okay,

[1034:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: so there's that, there's like, I'm just I, I don't

[1036:22] Speaker 4: know if that'll work. Actually, I'd have to send him

[1036:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: again. I know this is for DPA, but it's like, again. Do we want to even worry about this for DPA anymore? Rick, or do we want to, well, HT,

[1039:28] Speaker 3: here's my here's my thought,

[1040:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: and we might not get this working for DPA for like, a week or so, right?

[1041:08] Speaker 3: I want to put all of the energy and all of the focus, primarily, 85% of it onto hTu, because even if we take tweak this and it moves the needle for us an extra 20% it's not worth the the bigger lever, behold of hTu, yeah. So I'm here for it, as long as

[1047:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: getting hTu set up right with our energy instead of getting

[1048:21] Speaker 3: up. Yeah, exactly, yep. So the, I think what we do is we use, we use DPA as, like, a guide. Like, okay, we see how this works. We know what to look for, what was not working, what was not working, and then we set up HCU, firing us, because it's just

[1053:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: kind of like learning from it's kind of like reviewing tape and then going back and yes, another game, instead of trying to replay that old game.

[1055:46] Peter with Rick Pino: Once HCU is set up correctly and better, and we see that it's set up correctly and better, then it should be pretty easy to go back to DPA and say, let's fix what we learned and what we got set up right now, now that it's set up, that's probably the good order.

[1059:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so elephant in the room that I'm thinking of, Rick, you keep you mentioned like you want to keep your closers busy. And are they? Are they busy with people that aren't buying right now, still with these ads that are, according to Hiro, stop making you money, and do we want to keep running those? Um,

[1065:33] Speaker 3: so yes, the answer is yes, they're they are busy with them. Here's the thing, I would rather them be busy with people who are not necessarily buying than them just all sitting around twiddling their thumbs, because there's another element that that needs to be considered. And we've seen this over and over and over, if the team loses confidence and momentum, not not just in sales, obviously sales boost it, but if the team's like, man, no one showed up to my calls, or I'm just sitting around, it drops the the morale really low. And it's like, we have to get all this momentum back. So I hear what you're saying, because it's, it's kind of a catch 22 almost, but,

[1077:00] Christie with Rick Pino: but if we are getting we've also seen that if we get a ton of unqualified leads, they start complaining.

[1078:53] Speaker 3: Yeah, does the same. So, yeah. So

[1079:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: what are we hearing from them over the last like two to three weeks? What have you been hearing from them? They've

[1080:29] Peter with Rick Pino: been way more qualified than they were two months ago, so the quality has gone up, and everybody's pretty happy right now. Yep, yeah, um, they will complain every single time. But as far as overall morale, they're overall much happier than they were, like a month and a half ago, a month ago.

[1085:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So So then, what are all these leads that aren't buying?

[1086:39] Peter with Rick Pino: We don't I mean, a close rate's like 20% so if four out of five don't buy, it's still like everybody's making good money and happy, you know what I mean? So like, not buying is just a fact of high ticket,

[1090:03] Speaker 0: Yep, yeah.

[1090:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if those four out of five, or, like, more of those are coming from these ads, yeah?

[1091:37] Peter with Rick Pino: But look at, let's put it this way, like, psychologically, okay, mathematically is what you're saying. Makes sense? Yes, psychologically, having a full calendar gives them the confidence and the psychological like, whatever they need to close, and even if mathematically, it would do the same exact closing with less, they would they want it because they would be like, dang it, like, I have less people, my calendar is not full. Here's

[1099:20] Speaker 3: a quick thought. So right now we know that my warm audience converts you. You told me our ads right now are going to the most, goofiest audiences ever, and mostly cold. Could we take the the ads that we have, the assets that we have, and just start doing retargeting to fill calendars. That

[1106:02] Speaker 0: makes a lot of sense.

[1106:46] Speaker 3: Yeah, in meantime, you know, for the next couple of weeks, as we're dialing in HDU,

[1108:35] Peter with Rick Pino: another thing that we've never tapped into that's a good and I don't know if you run this at all, Jeremy, but like our best organic, not ads. Organic comes from YouTube, so I don't know if you if we could do retargeting on on YouTube ads, but that would be like almost a guaranteed of the best type of calls that we keep immersed.

[1115:02] Speaker 4: We are tracking people who hit the YouTube link in bio. That might be helpful.

[1116:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, a lot of your sales are definitely coming from that YouTube link in bio.

[1118:14] Peter with Rick Pino: Yeah. So that's that would be, I don't know how we do that. Maybe we run in Facebook and ads based on those people look alike, or something I don't know, retargeting.

[1122:05] Speaker 3: Here's the thing Jeremiah Krakowski can brew on some of those low hanging fruit ideas, retargeting, warm audience ideas. I need to jump back in and keep cranking on these, these lessons, guys, but hit me up this this afternoon, this evening, Jeremiah Krakowski, or whatever you need. And, yeah, come up. Come up with some kind of ideas, bro, that we could, if we know warm converts, and we know that YouTube peeps convert the highest, then obviously, let's, let's come up with some audiences like that, that we could just run our current ads to still keep the the closers calendars full, but just have more, even more highly qualified leads coming through.

[1133:29] Peter with Rick Pino: Yep,

[1133:44] Speaker 0: like that.

[1134:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. If I, if I look here at all your Facebook ad targeting.

[1137:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: All your audiences are not none of those are like retargeting. They're all just cold traffic. So yeah, if you want to see the next couple of weeks, while we optimize, I think again, low hanging fruit from retargeting ads, because you haven't even like, hit retargeting on,

[1142:40] Speaker 3: hear me and do your magic and work, work your magic in there, like, well

[1144:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: and the key. So here's my again. So my brain always it thinks like in both the positive and negative, and ways them out pretty quickly. So my problem is, is you'll, you'll you'll end up, in about a month, we're gonna need, well, we'll, we'll be ready to switch over to hTu at that point. So I think that'd

[1148:57] Peter with Rick Pino: be fine. And this webinar up, which would be hopefully keeping you know, like this webinar for high level, which would be a new stream of lease, yeah,

[1151:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm looking at one audience right here that they had that was retargeting. Here's if i So, this tells me a little bit of a story right here. The retargeting audiences that they were running for you were getting a the lead cost in Facebook was almost two to three times with the cold traffic. One is but that's normal, because they are. So if all we're looking for is lead cost to cold would make sense as a metric, but I'm okay with I think us paying higher for the lead cost if it's a retargeting ad, because they're warmer, because they're much warmer, as far as that goes. So again, that metric, the booked call rate, might even cost twice as much, but might convert better too, you know,

[1166:43] Speaker 3: so probably would if they're watching my content, yeah. So

[1167:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's just, it's all, it's all that factor right now. And see, I haven't done that, like, at all. That's just, like, free money right there that we can just go grab and,

[1170:46] Speaker 3: well, let's, let's go grab it in the next few okay, because we optimize for hTu. And we'll, okay, we'll go there. Yeah, I gotta jump off here and finish up over here, but let me know if you

[1174:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: would you be willing to Rick record

[1175:12] Speaker 3: Yep, just like

[1175:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, new DPA videos that I could test with Yep, what to say and, um,

[1177:42] Speaker 3: yep, semi, semi like bullets for

[1178:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: each Script, because then that'd at least also be fresh to that audience that knows you great, so then that will bump the result better. So

[1181:28] Speaker 3: yeah, moves, y'all, what's up for Jeremiah Krakowski,

[1183:20] Peter with Rick Pino: no, I love reach out to high level. Yeah, the VSL, the auto web, the live web, and then save that. We just want to test and use whichever one has the best results, as far as like, subscribe

[1186:40] Speaker 3: to test offers too. Can we test multiple,

[1187:17] Peter with Rick Pino: multiple offers? Fulfillment offers? Like, yeah, okay, cool, cool, cool. All right, thanks. Let me know.

[1189:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Looking forward to Christie's notes on this.

[1190:46] Christie with Rick Pino: Y'all were hard to keep up with on this one.

[1192:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thanks, y'all. That's what the AI transcript is. Nice. Yeah, I

[1193:14] Christie with Rick Pino: was going to ask you, actually, Jeremiah, what do you use for that live transcript? That's amazing, Otter AI,

[1194:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: and it brings free zoom call so it can either take all your zoom call recordings, but it also so I have this little otter note taker. So, like, like, I just recorded a course this morning, before the call too. I bring all my course material into it, and everything like that. I teach in a course. Gosh, that's amazing. In my courses, like I have this course right here is called creating a world class digital course. And so I have the AI generate me a checklist and a summary for the course. It's like, this is like the the 30 minute lesson right here that I taught. But you know, so I use AI for that, for courses, but then also for meetings, to where I'll pull in a meeting, and then in the meeting I can actually, like, just copy the whole page into AI and either use it live, or after the fact, I can go through and go find a meeting. Like, here's my q and a coaching call with my group last week was like an hour and 40 minutes. It gives you a summary, action points, all this type of stuff too.

[1212:56] Christie with Rick Pino: That's crazy. I otter for other stuff. Um, I didn't know it had capability. I'm sorry, yeah,

[1215:24] Speaker 4: yeah. And then, like, this might save Christie a ton of brain bandwidth. Well, well,

[1216:48] Speaker 2: what it is is, yeah. So here's what I would do, as I would have Christie do what she does, and then have otter be like the safety net, yeah. And so you can take your notes. And then what I would do is I would say, hey, analyze this transcript. What did I miss in these notes? Can you make me a list of what I missed? And the other one would be this, based on the transcript below,

[1222:52] Speaker 0: generate me a list,

[1223:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: a list of action points for the team to take action on and do with assignments, and then, like you could paste this this, by the way, this is just a transcript of my q and a call with my coaching group, so it's not even A team meeting, but it's going to try its best to do that.

[1227:32] Christie with Rick Pino: So that's awesome. The Zoom one just doesn't do it right? No, it doesn't. So

[1229:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was really leaning into helping my group understand, like, having positivity and gratitude is important. You know, talking about a value ladder, hosting free webinars, all that time management. Um, so, but again, like this is just what I discussed with my coaching group. So this is obviously questions. It was my Q A day with like people's

[1235:02] Speaker 4: and nobody I know, no one who understands using AI like this at the level that Jeremiah. Does remember, uh, do you remember when Jarvis came out it? It turned into Jasper, yeah, Jeremiah plan, and he was maxing out the unlimited plan. He was using it and trying out things, so

[1240:56] Speaker 2: much stuff in it. Well, I would have it, analyze all my sales calls, and then find me the point, the the bullet points of what their pain points were, and then I would just start to build out the offers off of that too. So there's a few other tools for sales calls. Otter is more just for direct transcript analysis, but the key is bringing it into AI, and then I'll also I play around with po.com

[1248:42] Christie with Rick Pino: Yeah, I saw you on that. What is that?

[1249:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: So po.com is different. It's the best value for the money you can spend. It's 20 bucks a month, and it gives you access all of them. Claude, 3.5 sonnet, GBT, Gemini, 1.5 but you also get 1.5 2 million. Contacts. So you could, like, throw like, 2 million characters in there.

[1255:17] Speaker 4: That's big amount. Why do you have both po and chat GPT plus it looks like

[1257:04] Speaker 2: because it gives me all these other ones. It gives me all these other algorithms. Yeah, even though it's also sometimes chat GPT plus, won't let me run 128k fully, it does about 40k

[1260:48] Christie with Rick Pino: So can you explain that to me? What does that mean?

[1261:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's the context link. So it's basically how many character X that you're running into. It. I

[1262:40] Christie with Rick Pino: definitely when I'm doing transcript work, yeah, huge issues like

[1263:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: this, a 200k you could probably run about four to six hours of transcripts into one prompt. Wow,

[1265:28] Christie with Rick Pino: that's a huge difference. So that's really cool. I can't even get like 11 minutes,

[1267:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, with Gemini 1.5 you can run probably about 20 hours plus, um, with chat. Gpto, like, what I did here, like that was two hours and it was able to process it. Wow. GPT, four, oh, can it has a lot of context you can do. But, yeah, so those are, I just anything that, like, I wish I could do faster and process info. I just always ask AI if it can do it for me, smart transcripts of sessions, recordings. There's a lot of gold in there. For the longest time, what I did was as well. Well, when I'm coming up with what I want to actually teach my group, I'll go through like, the last two or three months of my Q and A group coaching calls, and then I'll have it brainstorm, like, okay, they really are all struggling with this main three issues. So now I'm going to focus on those three issues for, like, the next so that's more of, not necessarily a sales aspect, but coaching people better. Yeah, that's smart, you know? Because if they all bring up, I had them all were, they were all bringing up, like they couldn't figure out how to use Zoom for the longest time. I just, I made a six lesson zoom course, and now none of them ever bring zoom up. And they're all like, crushing it with that. Where my group is struggling the most in my coaching group is they're still stuck on, like, landing page structure. And so,

[1290:07] Speaker 4: you know what we get? What time is niche? Choosing your niche,

[1291:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, choosing a niche. I have a pretty good training on that that I could send you, Steven, I just did on my Youtube. Okay, that could help with that. I've broken niche down to using AI to help you brainstorm niche ideas and having the AI like question you about your strengths and so and then the other one is helping people not have the fear of missing out or choosing the wrong niche.

[1298:55] Christie with Rick Pino: Yeah, that's something I think our approach is more like. Our course is super robust, but the AI aspect is super interesting, because that would at least once they come to our coaching call, they hopefully would have done that first and then, like you're saying, just the like we always tell people like you, sometimes you just gotta pick one and then start moving. And then action brings clarity.

[1307:02] Speaker 2: I found there's usually, it's like, it's like a there's a psychological they're trying to avoid something by not picking one that might be the wrong idea, and then they don't want to change later. So it's like the loss of time and energy fallacy. It's like, I don't want to lose energy by picking the wrong one and then it not working. And it's that fear of putting in a high an investment of time into something that won't work. Yeah, and so that, and for Mozi, talks about that a lot, that's actually one of the biggest drivers where people don't take action because they actually they don't want to make a time investment into something that's not guaranteed. And so it's actually like helping people understand the psychological driver behind that goes deeper, but many times it's because they put time and investment into things that didn't work, and then they got ridiculed. They got, you know, all that. So I dive a lot into the psychology. Sometimes I go too deep into the psychology and mental health aspect with my clients, and I found I gotta not go so deep into that, because then all my calls ended up being like, therapy calls. And I'm like, Yeah, therapist, yeah.

[1324:07] Speaker 4: I started telling one of our students when they'd asked that question, like, because they do experience that fear of, well, what if I go down this road and then I have to start from scratch? So I basically started telling them, like, go down a road, and even when you do have to start over. You're never starting from scratch because of everything you learned on the other road.

[1329:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, become okay with things not working out perfectly, but them, but making progress, and become okay with being disappointed.

[1333:07] Christie with Rick Pino: That's part of business ownership become

[1333:45] Speaker 2: okay with disappointing other people. That's another one. I tell people with sales because they want to make something that will always get every client results, yeah? And I'm like, you gotta actually be okay with some people coming in and, like, not getting a result

[1337:52] Christie with Rick Pino: with you. I struggle with that on the support end, because I do a lot of the like, support emails, yeah, or school messages or whatever. And it like, it's hard not to take it personally, because I'm like, we've given you everything, like, yeah, just because you changed your mind, or like, don't feel like doing this anymore, or whatever. Like, I had somebody email, I found a lot of people after eight months,

[1344:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of people are dishonest. So they want to. They're almost like, they lie subconsciously to make it your fault when it really is like, like, oh, I have an abusive husband that's telling me I can't spend an hour a day to do this. And I'm like, Oh, wait, you didn't tell me that up front was why that? I'm like, oh, okay, so it's like, but it's like, you know, so there's, there's always a reason why they're not. And it's never, it's never, usually what they say, yeah. I

[1351:55] Christie with Rick Pino: need a good dose of just learning to just Yeah. The Ducks back. Remember

[1353:52] Speaker 4: sayings that Danny used to say all the time, Jeremiah Krakowski, but people often do, oh, that's good. Then she she modified it to numbers, don't lie, but feelings often do, yeah,

[1357:08] Speaker 0: a little bit

[1357:27] Christie with Rick Pino: that is honestly something you learn real quick in therapy. Not only her feelings are actually truth, yeah.

[1360:26] Speaker 4: Hey, Lonnie, put a put a huge Whopper in the prayer meeting chat. I think on this Monday, she said, I tell my kid that a feeling is not the same thing as a decision. That one's kind of stuck with me this week.

[1363:50] Christie with Rick Pino: Yeah, that's a good one. Hey,

[1364:33] Speaker 0: Peter, how you doing? Man,

[1365:11] Peter with Rick Pino: doing pretty good. I gotta jump onto a payroll call here in like five minutes.

[1366:13] Speaker 0: Cool, so let's,

[1366:56] Speaker 2: let's call it, and then we'll

[1367:39] Speaker 0: cool. Go from Awesome. Thank you so much.

[1368:13] Christie with Rick Pino: Thank you for your expertise. And, yeah,

[1369:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, I mean, hey, you guys are all experts too. So it's amazing. I just love like, it's a really, like, great, like, team. I just remember, like, three years ago when we were working with Rick, and I was always just like, I would, like, pray that he would have a team, like the one he has today. So really cool that, like, seeing, like, it's such an answer to prayer,

[1374:54] Speaker 4: as far as that goes, That's so true. And a lot of that, Jeremiah, yeah, was there back then. A lot of what you're seeing now is directly from Pete leading this. That's so cool taking that chart. Yeah, Pete

[1379:14] Peter with Rick Pino: been a lot of fun, really. Yeah, you know, I think that, like Rick, has the secret sauce that a lot of people will never have just being Rick and then having a structure around that is great, yeah, yeah,

[1383:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: that secret sauce takes years to cultivate. That's where most people don't have it.

[1385:42] Speaker 4: He's had years of travel, years of speaking in front of large crowds, years of performance, years of marketing. Yeah, yes, that like we're seeing in a lot of people's comments that most people don't know about. They're like, we want the old Rick back. You're just serving the money God. And he's like, No, I've actually been doing this the whole time, just never told you.

[1391:18] Speaker 0: Yeah, definitely. I feel

[1392:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: like there's more authenticity now, which is kind of cool, super cool. I've been encouraging Rick to, like, show more of his like, behind the scenes in this content too. Like, yeah,

[1395:21] Peter with Rick Pino: I think that would be, I think, to build trust old, yeah, especially for cold, there's low trust with and there. I mean, that's always been Rick's kind of like personality, even on the worship side of things. Like a lot of people, when they first saw him, didn't like him, you know what I mean. But I think that time and behind the scenes and getting to know that it is authentic builds trust with Rick. And we don't have a lot of that going on in the marketing aspect right now to build that trust. So that's why the warm converts so much better, because it's been built. So, yeah,

[1404:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll get it figured out. Though, I have a lot of faith in just all of us here and all that coming together.

[1407:11] Peter with Rick Pino: Yeah, for sure. All right, y'all this

[1407:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: is a great, great meeting.

[1408:20] Speaker 0: I think that's good. Little idea, babies are gonna be birthed from today.

[1409:58] Speaker null: All right, y'all. See ya.

