My Webinar2
Date: 2025-01-07T22:55:39.000Z
Duration: 88 min
Otter ID: sehq3ON2_KO1baJpu2DegefHXb0
---

[0:24] Speaker 0: All right, we're gonna get started here. You

[21:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ah, Hello, hello. Hey everybody, I hope you're doing great. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. Welcome to our three day intensive all about building and growing your six figure group coaching membership. I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited that you're spending time with us here. Um, we're going to spend the next three days together, and we're going to help you get results. That's the number one goal here over the next three days, is maybe you're somebody who said, Hey, listen, I want to make a real income six figures with a group coaching membership. Or maybe you're a coach who's been doing one on one coaching and you want to know how to save yourself time and effort without burning out to build a six figure or even seven figure income. That's what we're going to be talking about. Talking about here today. Maybe you're somebody who's just starting in your business, and you want some of that clarity as to what the best moves to make are. That's what we're going to be giving you here today. Maybe you're somebody who's been learning for a long time. I see some of your names here that have been learning from me for a while, and you're just looking for that edge that's going to get you to where you want to go. Rest assured, you're going to get all of that here over the next three days. But what I want to do is I want to make sure that we start on the right foot here, and that's what today. One is all about, is making sure that we have the right foundations set for everything that we're going to be talking about. I believe that if you're watching this right now, and what's awesome is we actually made this we've been doing three day, five day intensives for the last couple of years. Maybe you've been a part of some of the past ones. I know some of you have. I've seen some of your names on them. But what makes this one different? This is the first one, and that's what we're gonna be doing moving forward, that it costs money to be a part of it costs money to be a part of this three days with me. Now I have, you know, my, my YouTube channel. I have my my Instagram, by the way, if you're not following me on Instagram, make sure to follow me on Instagram. If you're not following me on YouTube, make sure that you subscribe to the YouTube channel. We send emails out about that all the time. So we have free content that we give people. We got free classes that we deliver from time to time, shorter classes that are, you know, 3040, minutes long, that you can watch, that you can check out. Um, and then in my coaching program, in my wealthy coach Academy, we work with people every single week, building their business, growing their business, showing them exactly what the steps are to do to get results, to make their business work for them. I want to just pull this up here for you, the wealthy coach Academy right here live mastermind with Jeremiah Krakowski and some of you, maybe you've been following me for a while. Uh, our client growth accelerator program has evolved into the wealthy coach Academy. What it is, is it's, it's the premier resource that's out there. I believe it's the best coaching program, the best mastermind for coaches, mentors, trainers, entrepreneurs that want to build their mentorship business into a successful recurring revenue stream for them to become wealthy, to be able to live that millionaire lifestyle, even if you're making six figures, you can actually have a millionaire lifestyle, because you're able to detach yourself from having to work and do all the stuff all the time in your business, and so again, I do want to tell you about this. We have a special going on right now. We've never done this before. I trialed this a little bit with a small group of people last month. Maybe you got an email about it. But what we're doing is, until Tuesday, January 21 you can a try the program for free. Completely free doesn't cost you anything. Free test drive of our mastermind for 14 days, you'll get three of our most valuable courses for free as well. To keep I'll tell you a little bit about that a little later. On, and we've thrown in a coupon code, which is kind of crazy, to take $120 off your first month. Which means, okay, you get 14 days for free, alright? And then let's say you stay after the 14 days, your first month is only going to be, let's see. We'll pull up the price here, because I don't hide that from anybody. It's $197 a month. That's what the program is. But the coupon brings the your first month down to 77 bucks, which is awesome. So you get the 14 days for free. Just try it out. Check it out. Then you got the whole next month after that for 77 bucks. And we also have our four month plan. This is basically three times a year you'll you get charged if you sign up for this one, it's three payments a year of $677 so it saves you $111 off each payment. And the coupon works for the four month package. So it actually brings your first package down to $550 or 500 $557 which is pretty awesome for what you get in our program. It is absolutely incredible. I guarantee you that you will absolutely love being a part of this. You can check it out over at Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash Academy. You can go over to my website. You can go find it there. You can go click on it. You can read about read about it here over the next couple of days. But I just wanted to tell you about this. Wanted to tell you about this opportunity and the opportunity as well to get some of our best courses for free as well. We'll tell you about that a little later on. So what I want to do, though, today is set the foundations for what does it take to build and grow a six figure coaching membership? Number one, you gotta know what you're going to coach people on, okay? And I would bet that, if you're watching this right now, you know what you're going to coach people on. Finding your niche isn't necessarily one of the big problems that you have. Just side note here, I'm going to tell you, let's say you're stuck on finding your niche. What I have done, and I'm excited about this, is on my YouTube channel. If you search on YouTube, okay, for niche, N, I, C, H, E, Jeremiah Krakowski, what I have done is I have created, I have a number of videos here that will show you how to find the most profitable niche. Multiple videos that you can go down, down the list of you'll see my my face there. And then you can see exactly this process. This top one right here is the best one that I've done. This is about six months ago. I recorded this, and it is incredible. My ultimate method to find your niche online is about 16 minutes long. You can check that out. So if you're watching this right like Jeremiah, I don't know what my niche is. I don't know what's profitable, I don't know what's marketable. I don't know what people would want to learn from me that YouTube video will actually help with that. And so that's why I'm not going to cover that. I'm not going to take the next 1630 minutes to cover that in this training right now. This assumes that you kind of have an idea of what you want to coach on, who you want to coach, but if you're still stuck on that, you still have a hard time making that decision. And I'll tell you, oftentimes, the hardest part is making the decision. We have ideas, but we're we're afraid of picking the wrong niche. We're afraid of maybe it's not going to work out. We're afraid that people aren't going to like us, they're not going to resonate with it, and it's not going to become the results that we want. We're afraid of wasting time with the wrong thing. I get it, I do. What I teach in these YouTube videos will help you with that. Alright, there's a process that I teach my clients in my wealthy coach Academy to walk them through exactly how to get six figures in their business. And so what I call this process here, I'm going to raise my camera here just a little bit so you see this here in my office. Stage one is you have to find the right people. Stage two is you have to promote your business. And by the way, this is the part where most people never get to because they never even get to the point where they have something to promote to put out there in my wealthy coach Academy, that's what we work with people on the most is getting to where they have something to promote that they can feel confident to promote, and that when they do promote it, that it's going to produce the results that they want. And so again, I'd love to see you in there. I'd love for you to work with us in there. And then number three is all about closing the sale. Closing the sale. So find, promote, close. This is the process that you have to do in your business. Then you might say, well, Jeremiah, I don't have it built out yet. So this is great for sales and marketing, but let's talk about actually. Building the business out. Let's talk about that. Let's talk about what it takes to actually build out your business. What software should you use? What tools are the best to use? There's a number of different software tools that are out there. There's a lot of them. I'm going to move this chair kind of getting in my way here. Move this chair

[325:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: right over here. We'll we'll leave it where it was. There's a lot of different software tools that are out there when it comes to, uh, running a coaching program, running a membership. There's a lot of different tools when it comes to building your landing pages and your offers and your marketing. And unfortunately, you could go kind of crazy trying to figure out which one's the best one to use for you. So here's what I recommend people do. There's there's there's when it comes to like software, the cheapest one often lacks a lot of features and you have a lot more work to do with the cheapest options. The more expensive options kind of do it all for you, and so you kind of get what you pay for all of the different software tools that are out there work really well, and we actually mentor you on how to use some of the top tools, like Thinkific, Like go high level, like Kajabi, like Squarespace, like, uh, systemic, io, all of those in my wealthy coach Academy, we walk you through using all these different platforms. I have met people they literally like won't even move forward because of this thing. They're just they're paralyzed by the technology. They're paralyzed by this because they feel like it's just overwhelming. It's just way too much to do. Number one, I recommend this. If you're paralyzed by that, take a deep breath. Give yourself a break. Focus on what is simple, what is easy. What can you accomplish that is not super complicated? Building an Online coaching or mentoring business does not have to be complicated, but we complicate it so much in our own minds because we come up with all the ways that it could go wrong and what might not work and and we're worried about how we're presenting ourselves to other people and all this type of stuff that gets in the way of us actually doing the number one thing that's most important finding people who have problems that we can solve, finding as many of those people as possible, promoting our business to those people, getting them to become clients, and converting that into sales. And these are the two things that I find are the most important things when it comes to building your group coaching business. Okay, the difference between group coaching and one on one coaching. One on one coaching is great, but it's limited, because you're tied down to how much time you have to one on one coach. People and courses are really cool, but they don't provide the support or the accountability that a group program has. So when we're building out a membership program, we gotta look at this in these four quadrants, what are the things that we're going to be able to help people with? Number one info, information. We gotta give people the info that's going to bring transformation into their lives. When somebody works with me in my wealthy coach Academy, it will transform them into a wealthy coach from wherever they're at. We have designed it where anybody at any skill level can come in and they come out with the skills, the knowledge, the support, let's throw this in there, the support and the accountability to be able to get the results that they want. You want to include a community. This is not just a solo thing, where people jump in and maybe you're like, I want to I want to build a business, but I don't want to talk to people. I don't want to deal with people. Well, our business allows us to show up and create content that attracts the right people to us, and then does all the selling for us without having to show up on sales calls, without having to send all these DMS to people. But then our community, this is where I spend time with our clients. This is where I really love. This is a group of people that are the dream clients that I love to work with. And then from here, the number one, most important thing is getting people results, being able to deliver on what you promise and getting people results. Now, when it comes to building out one of these businesses, what I recommend people do is you don't need to have a huge. Library of things built up. Just start with some basics. Record one course, have a zoom call that people can log into, and have a Facebook group that they can jump into. Very similar to even what we're offering here in this three day event is a model of how I like to deliver our coaching programs, including the question and answer time, including being able to get people's questions answered and solve the problems for them. But what your program is is a vehicle. See, we got it so built up in our mind, the the technology and the software and all of this stuff that overwhelms us into how we facilitate this, but this is really what we're doing. We're creating an environment for people to get results. We're creating an an environment for people to receive transformation in their life. The tools that you use and all of that are just the beginning steps of putting that together. And in my wealthy coach Academy, we work with you through all the different steps of putting those pieces together. But if you get so bogged down by the technology, and listen, I have a lot of empathy for this, because I meet a lot of people, they get so bogged down by all the stuff that they feel they have to do in their business. If you can break it down to the six simplest steps, it becomes that much easily for you. The six simple steps are this number one, you have to know what your niche is, okay? So we talked about that. Knowing your niche. Who do you help? Number two, you need to be able to write sales copy. To be able to communicate language wise, you might be saying, wait a second, what is sales copy? It's words that communicate the value of what your program delivers, and so then when we're marketing it to people, they find this and it draws them into your program. Number three, create a very simple keyword. Is simple here landing page to attract the right people. Number four, we start to promote our business with organic content, with paid advertising, with joint venture, with whatever method that you want to use to draw people in to that. Then once we promote, we present. I'm going to tell you in our business that what we do and what all of our clients do, is that they promote valuable content that delivers results to people, and then inside of that content, they are able to present what it is that they use to bring transformation into people's lives. And then what we're able to do, number six, we're able to analyze those results and figure out what needs to be adjusted, what needs to be tweaked, what needs to be tuned. And then from here, we're able to scale and grow to six figures by ramping up what worked, removing what didn't. And when you're inside of the wealthy coach Academy, when you're inside of our ecosystem, when you work with us, you're able to get the help that you need at the right time when you need it, without wondering, okay, is this going to work for me? Is this going to work? Is this going to get results? Alright? And so what we gotta do is we can put together to build it all out. It starts with understanding one thing, who do you help the most? And by the way, when we talk about your niche, a niche is all about who you help, not what you do for them. We're then able to break this down into, what is our framework? This is your technology. That when we talk about technology, it's not like tech, like software. Technology is this technical framework is what you take people from where they are to where they want to be. What is that system that you're taking them through? What is the valuable information that you help people with? And then when you figure out who this person is, we work backwards from there, and we figure out the most important thing, what do they desire? Everything that you do in your business is built around what somebody desires for you to be able to actually deliver results to people you. You need to know what that result is that they desire, what is the desired

[481:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: result that they are wanting. And so what we do is we make it our mission, our goal. This is the number one thing that you need to make sure that you do in your business before anything else, because everything else isn't going to work until you understand this. Okay, some of you like are might not be understanding this when I'm telling you this, but this comes from years of my experience of doing this and building these businesses with coaches. I've been in this industry for 22 years. I've built multiple coaching, mentorship and membership site businesses to eight figures. That's over 10 million per year in generated profit. And what is funny is a lot of people think that there's some secret formula to knowing what do I deliver to people? How do I coach to people? How do I create something that retains customers and all of this, how do I make something that people actually want? How do I know what's marketable? How do I know what's going to make money for me? And it's all based around what is the desired result that somebody has. You know, when I was single, before I married my wife, we got we got two beautiful sons, and I remember I was in the dating world, and I just, I did not know, like, what is it going to take for me to find a wife? It's like, my obsession, right? And and I and I just did everything to figure that out. Do you have something in your life that you can look back at and say, I did everything to figure out what I didn't know, to get the result that I want. The number one thing in your business that you need to figure out is matching who you help. This is step one, okay, to what is their desired result from working with you or working with somebody else, and some of the best ways that we can discover this. You can use AI to help you discover this. AI is incredible. It's become so much more powerful than it ever was, but I'll tell you, I use it not to create content, but rather to brainstorm ideas, to help trigger my own mind to come up with ideas helps me dive deeper into what are people's desires? What are they wanting? More than anything else, what are they really, really wanting to get from me and working with me in our community, and how can I deliver that to people? Every single week, I meet with my wealthy coach Academy students, and what I do is actually take all of their questions. I do this every single week. I take their questions, I take what they're working through, I take what they're struggling with. And I'll tell you, we get rave reviews inside of this community from people. They're just like, Oh my gosh. It's incredible. It's amazing. What Jeremiah teaches is just the best. I love it. It's exactly what I need to hear every course, every training, every message that we teach, every piece of it, is because I understand what people's desired result is and what their struggles are and what they're working through and where they're stuck and what their sticking points are, because I make it my mission to learn what I don't know about my potential client when it comes to building a group coaching membership or a coaching program or any kind of a group coaching, your number one thing that you need to do is discover what do I not know right now about the people that will become clients of mine? Because if you did understand it, you would already have a multi million dollar business. I'm telling you that the fact that you don't have a multi million dollar business right now is evidence that there are still things that we need to discover about what people desire, because everything is based around desire. In this business, in a group coaching business, in a mentorship business, the only reason that anybody becomes a client of yours in your business, it's because they believe that you will be able to deliver on the desired result that you promised people. And we need to make big bold promises. We need to be able to promise that we're going to help them get to that desired result. I can promise. You that if you are in our wealthy coach Academy, you will get what you want from being in there, that you will get the best coaching, the best accountability, the best training, and you will have a path to follow that is strategically designed and has created more six figure coaches than anything else that I know that is out there. We've been doing this for a long time. I've mentored 1000s of people inside of our program, inside of the inner circle, program that we were running many years ago with Sandy Krakowski, that I was partnered with with her in that and our program is the ultimate culmination of everything that I have seen working with 1000s of coaches over the last 22 years, helping them get results. And so I can say unequivocally, in our program, we know exactly what it takes to get people that are just starting out. Maybe they've been struggling, maybe they doubt that they can do it, maybe they aren't sure. Maybe they've tried everything before. Maybe they've worked with other coaches before that have promised them results, but they just haven't been able to get those results. We can do it for you in our program, and I'm excited to work with those that do jump in with us that do take the leap to be able to go to that next level with us in there. But it starts with understanding, who do you help and what is that desired result that you can deliver in people's lives, all the technical stuff, I want you to put that aside for a little bit. I want you to take all the tech stuff that we're overwhelmed with, and I don't know what to do, and I don't know how to do it, and even if you join our our wealthy coach Academy, not let the technical aspects stop you and get you stuck in there. Not let the not knowing how to do something be the thing that keeps you where you're at and where you've been for the last year and where you've been for the year before that, and where you keep being and you start to get the results that you want. I'm going to show up, I'm going to be there and we're going to work together to get you those results. But what it takes is being able to articulate one thing and then deliver on that one thing that you know, what somebody's desired result is, what that you know what their transformation is, that you can get them there, and then you create a system and a framework to be able to get people there, the tactical aspects of charging people monthly and making it a membership, all of that is automated inside of every software that's out there. Super simple, easy to set up. We show you how to do it inside of the wealthy coach Academy. You can learn it in like two seconds, I can literally go in inside of Thinkific and set up. Okay, here's this. And listen, if you want me to show you some of the let me know in the comments as well below. Let me know in the in the chat. By the way, we have a Facebook group that is attached to this three day event. If you are not in that Facebook group as well and you want to still get some interaction. Maybe after the event, you can go in there and you can ask questions of me after these trainings. After this event, we're going to take some question answer time here in a little bit as well, where I want to answer some of your most pressing questions that you have to be able to get you the results you want to make, make sure to click on the Q and A section here inside of the zoom window to be able to ask those questions, the number one thing that determines your ability to be able to get somebody the result that they want has nothing to do with your track record testimonies. It has nothing to do with having done it for so long. Maybe you see me and you're like Jeremiah, you've been doing this for so long. Of course, you have confidence that you can help people, but I'm just getting started.

[627:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: It has everything to do with your ability to follow a process and to be able to attract the right people to you and to listen to them. Inside of our coaching program, what I do is I listen and I facilitate people's ability to ask me the questions of what they want to get results with every touch point where I work with people, I'm giving people to ask me questions of where they are, where they want to be, to tell me where they want to get to. You know, when I started off in my coaching business, I struggled to be able to get people to ask me questions. I struggled because I knew that I had a lot of value that I could share with people, but I didn't quite know exactly what was it. That was going to actually be a good business idea. And so what I started doing is I started connecting with people and listening to them, listening to what their problems were, listen to what their struggles were, listening to what their desires were. And as soon as I started to listen to people, as soon as I started spending time listening to people, I understood what it was going to take to get them from where they are to where they want to be. But I had to do this one thing. I had to get rid of my attachment to the fear of judgment from other people, being worried about what everybody thinks about me, being worried about being too much to people, being too loud, sounding too much to people, people. And you might say, well, Jeremiah, that's great for you, but like that's just not my personality. Can I tell you this? When it comes to building and growing an online six figure group coaching business, we cannot let the fear of what other people think about us stop us from putting ourselves out there, stop us from promoting our business. You will not be able to make six figures if you refuse to put yourself out there. And I meet a lot of people, they're like, they're just, they're just they're too embarrassed. They don't want to show up. They don't they don't want to look silly to people. They don't want to ruin their their the not ruin their reputation. But they're worried that they're going to look a certain way. People are not going to like it, and so they're so nuanced and frustrated about, okay, well, how can I curate this perfect persona that gets people to want to be interested in working with me. Can I tell you this? It doesn't work. People don't want to work with somebody that's perfectly curated, or has it all perfectly put together and all of that. They want people that are real, your quirks and all everything that makes you yourself. The reason why people listen to me is because I am a little bit quirky. I'm a little bit different than everybody else that's out there. I'm not the most polished speaker either. I'm just a guy who loves helping people get results. That's the number one thing that I care about, is getting people results. And it used to make me really insecure, because people would show up and they'd be like, Jeremiah, I hate how you teach. I don't all this negativity. I don't even want to like think about it, right? And it used to really make me insecure and worried, and I would shrink back, and I wouldn't show up and I wouldn't connect with people, because I was so concerned with making sure that everybody liked me. But can I tell you this that doesn't work in your business? The number one thing that does work is consistency, the consistency to show up, to promote and offer to people of what value you have to deliver, and what are the offers that we create, that we offer to people? Number one, we have two forms of offers. We have our paid offer right here, and then we have free or low cost offers. So when we're building our business out, when we're building our membership, this is what we're charging money for. Maybe we're charging 97 bucks a month. Maybe we're charging 197 bucks a month for this, okay? Maybe we're charging like I do, 677 for four months to work with me in a term of four months. And you know, a lot of those people, they stay on for years, even with us when they join, because of the results that they're getting inside of that program. So having this paid membership right here, this is your flagship where you're directing people, but to build your business and actually grow it. You're not promoting this directly. We want to promote free and low cost offers. Low Cost offer might be anywhere from like $7 like this one is that's actually a great price point, because it's just enough to weed out the people that are wasting your time. It's just not to weed out the people that are just they're not. They're just tire kickers. They're not going to do anything with what you teach. They're not there to actually take action. They're just there to gather information. I don't want people that are just there to here to gather information. I want people that are action takers, that are risk takers, that are people that are actually going to do something with what I teach them, with what I share with them, and then what you do is you figure out, how can I get dozens of people into a free or low cost workshop, and then I can use this to promote to people my pay. Offer that I have over here. So this is what we run all of our promotion around. Our promotion in our business is not promoting our paid program, it's promoting this free or low cost offers. And then we can nurture that as well. People join our email list. We can nurture that by sending them YouTube videos, by sending them additional pieces of content and then deliver results to them. And then what you're able to do is over time, as you do this, you build up an email list, you build your audience up, people start to trust you. Trust is the number one currency of building a successful business online, people need to trust that you, your company, your coaching program, your membership, can deliver on the results that you say. People need to trust that you will deliver on the things that you say, that you can do. And what's great is having a free or low cost offer is the best way to build that trust with people. People are are savvy now. They're not going to make an investment and time and effort into a coaching program. I can tell you, it's romantic, it's a fantasy, it's it's something people think. But in my experience, like nobody joins coaching programs just because there's a great coaching program that's out there that can help me get this result. Me get this result. No, they join it because they trust the person who's delivering it. They know and they feel deep inside of them that it's going to get them the result that they want. And then it becomes your job to find it who the right people are that you can get that result with and that are most likely to purchase from you, and you build trust with them in these low cost, low ticket or free offers that then grow your email list. Then from here, you get them on some kind of a video presentation with you. We're on video, like we're talking right here right now, you're able to make a connection with somebody through video to get them to trust you, your program, your product, and the result that you're able to deliver. And inside of my accelerator program, it's one of the things that we mentor people on. Is, what do you actually say on those videos? What are the words that you have to say? We're going to be talking about this as well tomorrow. We're going to be talking about this over the next couple of days. What are those words that you actually say that get people to buy from you? Alright, so when we break all of this down, it breaks down to the beginning stages to build and grow this is you have to have some kind of a free or low cost offer. So it starts with knowing what is the sales copy, the words that you say that actually makes the connection to the people, whether you're creating Instagram reels, whether you're doing organic content, whether you're doing paid advertising sales copy is where everything hinges on. Okay, so we have our landing page right here that you're able to send people to. Let me show you an example of a landing page. This is a landing page right here. Okay, build and grow your six figure group coaching membership. This is a landing page we will land on. It has information in text, written form. It's got some photos. It tells people what they're going to learn. It tells them what they're going to get. There's enough information here, but it's persuasive.

[781:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's persuasive in the sense that it it delivers what people need to hear to be able to make a decision, okay, am I going to sign up for this? So when you start promoting that out there through social media, through advertising, the goal is to get the algorithm to show it to the right people. And what does that is the sales copy, okay? Okay, so this goes back and forth. The sales copy is what goes on the page. Then this circles back into whenever you make a post on social media, that sales copy tells the algorithm who to show the post to. You put this in the form of a video ad. You can put this in the form of a graphic ad. You can put this in the form of of a very simple Instagram reel where maybe you're standing there and there's some text over it. A lot of the ads that we're running now we're using Instagram ads. We're using Instagram as the number one resource where we get people to become our clients. We have an Instagram ads course in our wealthy coach Academy program. Most of the if you jump in, you try it out. For 14 days. We're actually going to throw in for you three of our very best courses right here. I'm going to show you this three of our very best courses, our landing page blueprint course. You get this absolutely free, just for trying it out for 14 days. This is all about how to create one of these landing pages. What are the steps to take to be able to do this? What are the things that you should say to get people to jump in our Facebook ads? And it's all about Facebook and Instagram ads. Basics for total newbies, course you get this. This is our second bonus gift that we give you as part of our wealthy coach Academy program and our seven figure Squarespace funnel building course. By the way, if you hear me say client growth accelerator program, I think I said it maybe once or twice in here, we just actually rebranded the program from client growth accelerator program to the wealthy coach Academy. They're the they're, they're the same thing as what they are, but we've transitioned it over to this wealthy coach Academy is what it is. So if you hear a little slip of the tongue from that is because it's, it's very fresh. It's very new that we've started to do this, okay, that we've called it that. But, yeah, that's what you get. You get the seven figure Squarespace funnel building course, where I walk you through everything that you need to do in Squarespace to be able to build your funnel out. You get the Facebook ads basics for total newbies, course, where I go over all the stuff that you need to do the basics in Facebook. And then the landing page blueprint course, just for trying it out for 14 days. And you get that coupon to take $120 off your first month after the trial, or off of the four month package. Listen, I I think that this is one of the number one things that's going to help you get to where you want to go. Being able to work with me personally as a part of your success strategy. I'm going to be able to come alongside you to help you build out your marketing, to help you craft your ads, to help you structure exactly what do you say? How do you build out your landing pages? I'm going to be able to review all of your offers with you. I'm going to be able to help you get those results. And the first step that we want to start with is, once we know what our niche is, we want to write our sales copy and create this landing page. And what I want to talk about here tomorrow is we're going to break down the process that we use with AI to be able to actually build out the best sales copy for you in your business. We're going to show you some of the different technical stuff of how you put some of that stuff together. Depending on what the questions are that you ask, make sure to post some of your questions as well. There's anything specifically that you want me to touch on. Go in the Q A and leave some questions in here. We're going to take some of your questions here very shortly, but I want to leave you with this before we take some questions. Okay? Because our hour is almost up, here is everything that you do in your business starts with a vision. And I want you to get a vision of what is the life that you want to live, what is the life that your business can provide for you. I want to ask you this, when is the last time I'm going to sit down, when is the last time that you meditated on really thought about the life that you want to live, the life that your business is going to provide you, how many hours you're going to work with your family, how you're going to be able to show up with them, what you're going to be able to do once your business is successful. Can I tell you that this is actually the number one thing that most people don't do because they think they're not going to do this until they're successful, and yet, this is the catalyst for me and my business, for the clients that I've worked with. It's the number one catalyst, if you get anything out of these three days, this one thing that I'm about to share with you is going to be crucial for you envisioning, having a vision for the life that you want to live, the life that you want to experience, the impact that you want to have on people's lives, being able to see it in your mind before it actually happens. And this is, I want you to separate it from the amount of money that you want to make. I want you to detach from, okay, I want to make $100,000 here. I want to put this much in in in the bank. I'm going to pay this much in taxes, all like I want you to detach from that, and I want you to just get a vision. What is the life that I want to live? How do I want to show up in the world? And it's going to look very different than the life that you're having right now. And I want you to take an exercise I'm. Your homework to be tonight, I want you to take 30 minutes or an hour to think of what is the life that I truly want to live. And this is separate from any of your current obligations, any of your I would say the relationships that you love include in that, but maybe some of the friendships that you have, let's detach from some of that as well. I've had to, even in the last year, change some of my friendships. Every time that I go to the next level of my business, I've had to change who I work with in my business, who my staff members are, who my employees are to be able to create the life that I want to live. Who do you want to surround yourself with? I'll tell you this. In our wealthy coach Academy, the people that are in there are the ones that are getting results. They are people that are where you want to be, that is the tribe and the community that you want to be in that's going to get you results fast. That's why we've allowed you to try it out, risk free, just to see is this? Is this? Is this? My vibe? Is this, my tribe? Is this going to help me? But then detached from that, what is the dream life that you want to have. And have you taken time recently to dream that, you know, I can tell you, my wife and I about it about a year and a half ago, we we ended up buying this beautiful house in Austin, Texas, our business was able to allow us to be able to buy a house feel to do this is an amazing house. A house like this cost just shy of a million dollars here in Austin, and it's just such a blessing to be able to do this. But I'll tell you, it was such a goal in my mind for so long to buy this house that I actually lost my vision. I lost my vision of what I wanted to do a little bit. I'll tell you, I'm being really vulnerable here sharing this. But I did. I lost my vision of what it was because I had accomplished everything that I wanted to accomplish. My business was making seven figures in this coaching business. You know now my goal is for this business to be making eight figures. That's why we're launching our brand new VIP coaching program here very soon, that provides one on one coaching that's affordable for anybody to join. It's less than $1,000 a month, and I'd love to share that with you. I only talk about that when people are actually in our accelerator program, because I want to make sure that we have the right people in that it's not open, it's not available to everybody. But again, if you, if you are interested in that, you can send a message to to my website. You can, you can write into us and ask about the VIP one on one program that we have as well. But I look at, what is the life that I want to live, what is the life that I'm creating for my kids. You know, my wife got pregnant

[929:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: about a year ago with our second son, and it it shook me to my core, because I realized I was not the man that I wanted to be to have two kids. I was not the husband, though. I was not the the father I was not the business owner that I needed to be brought to tears on this and I had to go to work and get a vision for the life that we have that has two kids. What does this look like? Not working? I was, I was working way too much at the time. I was putting in way too many hours in our business. You know, in our program, we show you how to build evergreen offers, how to automate everything in your business, how you can literally retire, semi retire, from having to do all the stuff in your business and only have to work five to 10 hours a week and still create six and seven figures. We show you how to do that. It's possible, but I had to get a vision for what is the life that I want to live and the life that I want to create for my wife, for my kids, for myself, what is this dream life that we want to have? And then I went to work, and I work backwards in my business, and I structured everything around what it was going to take to have that life, we had to make some tough decisions. We had to do some hard things. We had some tough conversations through tears of things, and on the other side of it, I can tell you that we're living the life that I could have only imagined years ago when we started when I started this business, and I'm and I'm excited in our wealthy coach Academy to share that with people, to show them exactly how to do that in their business. But it starts by getting a vision for what is that life that you want to live, meditating on it, thinking about it, spending 10. Time really seeing yourself, feeling yourself I want you to see yourself when you close your eyes, experiencing that life that you want to live, experiencing that dream life that you have been longing to have when you do this, and you take that time to do that, nothing becomes impossible for you. And then when you are in a community like our wealthy coach Academy, it allows you to be able to surround yourself with people that are doing it, that are making it happen, and that are getting results. And it's my honor to say that those of you that are in here, I'm excited, I'm excited to work with you. I'm excited to have you be a part of our of our program. I'm excited that you're here in this as as a part of our team as a part of our community for the next three days, and I'm excited to see the results that come out of this six months from now. A year from now, you're going to say, my clients say all the time. Jeremiah, I am not where I was a year from now, my life is changed. It is transformed. It is so much better than I ever could have imagined after being a part of your community, and my business is thriving. It's not in survival, but it's thriving, and that's what we deliver and give you in my wealthy coach Academy program, and I cannot wait to see some of you in there. It's going to be awesome. It's going to be incredible. We'll talk a little bit more about it over the next couple of days, I want to take some of your questions, though. I want to go through these questions, and I want to look at how I can help you. Cassandra says, How do I figure out a name for my coaching program? What do I know? What to call it? That's a great question. I love that. What do I actually call my coaching program? So what I like to do is, I like to go into chat GPT and again, chat GPT. If you don't have an account with chat GPT, you absolutely want to get a chat GPT account. Okay, go over to, I believe, actually they own the the domain of chat.com chat.com Yep, goes to chat gpt.com so if you just go to chat.com C, H, A, t.com, anybody can now use chat G P T for Free, which is awesome. It used to cost money a year ago. Now it doesn't. The free version of chat G P T can do so much. It's incredible. But I will tell you, the paid version is really smart, and you can even talk to it. It's actually really kind of crazy. What the paid version can do. I gotta geek out and show you all this a little bit. Look at this is the paid version. Hey, what's up? Chat.

[1007:21] Speaker 1: Hey, not much. Just here to help. How about you good?

[1007:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, I'm on a live training I'm teaching people about building their coaching businesses. Can you say hi to

[1009:12] Speaker 1: everybody? Of course. Hello, everyone. I hope your training is going great. It

[1011:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: feels, it feels kind of funky having having this. Ai talk to us like that, but

[1012:27] Speaker 1: I get that it's fun to be a part of it. Let me know if there's anything I can do to help out so

[1013:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: well. So chat GPT. This is I'm showing people how they can use chat GPT to be able to help them in their business and figure out a name for their coaching program. Could you give us a couple of ways to figure out a name for our coaching programs?

[1017:52] Speaker 1: Sure, one way is to think about the core transformation your program offers, and use those themes in the name. Another method is to consider the specific audience you're serving and what outcome they want. You could also try brainstorming keywords that resonate with your coaching style or philosophy.

[1023:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. I'm gonna mute it real quick so we can talk. Gosh. AI is so powerful being able to use it for this purpose. Once you figure out who you help, what your coaching style is, um, let's say, let's see Cassandra, what is your coaching business? Let's just say that you do spiritual roots coaching. Okay? We do spiritual roots coaching. We help people find the spiritual root to be able to accomplish great things in their life.

[1033:14] Speaker 1: That sounds amazing. You might consider names that reflect the transformative journey and spiritual growth, something like root to greatness, coaching or spiritual growth pathways could resonate. Well, what do you think

[1036:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's awesome? Can you give us 20 more ideas for a name for a program?

[1038:02] Speaker 1: Absolutely. Here are some ideas, soulful success coaching, spirit path achievers, rooted in purpose. Coaching. Three, spiritual foundations, coaching five, the Enlightened path. Program six, spiritual awakening. Coaching seven, sacred roots. Coaching eight, inner journey. Coaching nine, spiritual empowerment. Program 10, pathway to purpose. Coaching 11, spiritual blueprint. Coaching 12, harmony within coaching.

[1046:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Let me see, I want to pause this here. So if we go into chat, GPT as well, you can type it up and you can talk to the AI right here. It's a little bit faster this way on screen to do this list out for me, 20 ideas for a title for this coaching product. So you can literally pick up from your conversation and then start typing to it, and it's much quicker, especially if you can read it, it'll start to pull up some of these ideas rooted in greatness, the spiritual roots method. So again, you can brainstorm a lot of great stuff by just asking the AI what ideas it can come up with for this. Okay, so I think that that's really, really powerful. As far as that goes, let's see. Derek says I wanted to make sure, if I want feedback on the sales copy that I'm writing, is there a way to get direct feedback from you in your accelerator program? So we have there's, sorry, yeah, not in the accelerator program, the the wealthy coach Academy, yep. Let me see, in the wealthy coach Academy, what we have is we have a Facebook group right here. So in the Facebook group, you can post anytime you want. I gotta change the graphics on here, it still says client growth accelerator, because we're switching some of that up. Inside of the Facebook group of the wealthy coach Academy, you can jump in and you can ask any questions throughout the week. 24/7 get access to that. We also have live calls where you can jump in on Mondays, every Monday morning, or every Monday at 1pm central says Monday morning, but it's 1pm central time, you can jump in on Mondays on our zoom call, and you can get your questions answered as well, and not just your questions. We can work with you through your sales copy. We can work with you through the marketing language. What are all the things that you're that you're wanting to deliver to people? What are the what are your ads? What is your landing page? We can review your landing pages. We can I can give you feedback with that. You can jump in on the on the calls, and you can share that with us, to be able to review things like that. Okay? And so inside of the wealthy coach Academy, we're able to actually work with you through that, to be able to walk with you through this process, to be able to figure that out. One of the biggest values that people say is that it feels like and what I've tried to do in this is, you know, I used to mentor people, where I would come into their business and I would help them build it with them. What I've done in our wealthy coach Academy now is I've created this and I've translated what I would do one on one with people to a group setting where I can actually help people in the group setting to be able to help them through okay, what are these things that I need help with that. I like. How do I put together my landing page? Okay, we're able to help you with that through the nuance. I'm able to direct you to any courses that we have that are in there, but I'm also able to give you feedback on exactly what, how to say it, how to write it, how to put all of those things together. And then by doing that, what you're able to do is you're able to get me on your business with you, to be able to build it together. Okay? And so what we're able to do is we're able to work together to be able to actually build out all of your sales and marketing. I'm able to help you with what does it take to promote your business, to help you get those results? And so that's exactly what you get. You get personalized help with me, personally to work with you to be able to do that. All right, let's see. Benjamin says, If I run an in person coaching session, but only one person signs up, how can I make sure to deliver value with people? Let's say I'm recording this session. Could the AI? Let's say only one person shows up. But could I take AI to turn the recording into something that I could offer people? Let's say that only like, I'm assuming you're saying like only one person shows up to a webinar or a training that you have, maybe you're just starting out. Could you take that recording and turn it into an evergreen thing that you're doing and. Absolutely freaking lutely. Now, if you're working in our wealthy coach Academy with me, you're going to have more than just one person showing up to listen to you and showing up to work with you, of course, but sometimes, let's say you don't have a lot of people showing up and you want to be able to do use it again to get more people on. Maybe you recorded something and you want to turn that one session to something that you could use. I will say this. Don't have any specific dates in it, like what we have, because we do these live. There's specific dates and deadlines and things like that. So I can't use the recording of this to run another offer with, because it has a very specific deadline for when somebody needs to join our wealthy coach Academy right here, Tuesday, January. You know what it says? 2024 it needs to be 2025 I've messed this up all the time in January y'all, where I literally write out 2024 it needs to say 2025 it's 2025 we're in 2025 some of you all been laughing at this. Have you noticed that those are those like little details that, like, I don't notice when we're creating the offers, and it's like, I get into it and I start promoting it to people, and then I notice, I'm like, Oh, it's a gaping mistake that I made right there. Listen, you can make millions of dollars while making mistakes, and it builds trust with people. It shows that you're real. It shows that people can trust you when you're willing to just roll with the punches with it. So just just understand that, even though that that's not correct on there right now, we will adjust that. We will fix that after this, and tomorrow it'll have all the right info on there. It's January 21 2025 like I said the dates, let's say this was done in 2024 this is not pre recorded from 2024 this is live right now. Let's say that this was done in 2024 I couldn't use it again, because people would be like, wait a sec. He said it was live, but it was like, this old thing. And then if you keep promoting it to people like it just loses trust with people if we do stuff like that. So what I recommend is you could say, like, Okay, on Tuesday, this is and then you could reuse the same recording if you want to do that. The other thing is, is you can create the session with it in mind that it's going to be evergreen, like I have some evergreen offers right here, and we teach you in in the wealthy coach Academy exactly how to build out evergreen offers, how to be able to create evergreen offers that you can promote, that you can market, that you can continue to market, so that you can step away from your business to keep promoting this like we have one right here. This one is our 100k offer. How I onboard 20 new clients per month and make 100k a month with one offer, no sales calls. So what this is, is, this is a very simple video that people can log in and they can check out. Here's another evergreen offer right here. Start your own six figure online course or coaching business so there's not a specific date and time for it. It just says limited time virtual training, because as soon as they register for it, they get an email that sends them the training. Okay, like, here's another one, Facebook ads right here. Here's a Facebook ads, one right there. Alright, we built this out with another one of our our clients, creating an evergreen offer. This one's a menopause webinar, limited time webinar, empower you to feel your best through menopause, and then you get instant access to be able to watch this as soon as you register. Okay, and this is what's closing sales and closing clients for this person in their their hormones and mentorship program, alright? So what that is, is that allows you to take a recording to take a recording session, and then you can run that again and again and again, to be able to get clients, be able to be able to get people into your programs with you, to be able to get people to register with you, to be able to become your client, to be able to join with you in your program, to work with you. Okay, and so that's amazing and beautiful is that by using pre recorded video or something that maybe you did in a recording is that you're able to reuse it again in an evergreen offer. Now we use a really fun tool that I teach people how to use in our program. It's called the deadline funnel. Okay, so deadline funnel is right here. This allows you as well to create a true deadline in there that, let's say you're running the same offer again and again and again. You're promoting that to people all the time. It's an evergreen offer. Deadline funnel still allows you to add a deadline like, Okay, you got three days and 10 hours to jump in and join us with this. You. Limited time bonus to get this coupon code or things like that, okay, like what we have right now. I love using deadlines and using the real deadlines in our marketing, because again, after this day right here, after you jump in with us in our wealthy coach Academy, after January 21 2025

[1206:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: you will be able to, or you won't be able to actually get this discount. You won't be able to get the free classes. You won't be able to get the free trial of the program at all. You won't be able to jump in with that. So this is a limited time offer. You won't be able to get the bonuses as well. Bonuses as well. Even that we put together. We got bonuses we had even talked about we got the offer Launch Pad two day experience that's actually coming up next week. This is a two day experience just with our members, from 12pm to 5pm that we're going to be spending time with them working through their offers. You get the Fast Start Training bonus. You get the recordings of all our offer Launchpad masterminds as a part of this. Okay, so you're not gonna be able to get any of those if you wait until after January 21 2025 I gotta keep saying 2025 since you have that in your mind. Alright, let's see. So anyways, if you're using a recording, um, you can use different tools like that to create those deadlines. You can use autoresponder emails that then send emails to people that remind them of what they signed up for, what is the thing that they registered for, to bring them into that okay, and then that's what allows you to then reuse that, to actually close the sale. If it's just a piece of content, it needs to have a call to action attached to it. It needs to have something that you're calling people to action to it needs to have something that they they need to do something with you. They need to jump into something. They need to. There's a deadline, there's a limit, there's a limited time, something like that, to be able to jump in, and you're able to sweeten the deal with people be able to do that, and that really does drive a lot of sales. Okay, let's see my coaching is about a heart level transformation. Dania is asking this, if we want to offer a truly transformative experience, how do we do it without giving away everything from our main program? How can we spark that transformation but leave room for a bigger offer? Great question. Love this. How do you not give away too much information and still attract and draw in the people that you want to work with. Here's what I here's what I, I reference for this, okay, is when you're promoting your offer in your business, people have a limited capacity of how much information they can retain together, okay? And so because of that limited capacity of how much people info people can retain, here's what I look at, okay, when I'm promoting my free versus paid offer. And what I love is like these questions and this Q and A time and things like this allows me to actually get a great glimpse into what that is. I look at, what is the point where people start to get overwhelmed with the information. You know, I used to be that guy that would deliver. I wanted to over deliver so much value. And again, over delivering is great, but I want to over deliver so much in my free or low cost stuff that I would overwhelm people when they would come in, they would get so overwhelmed by all the information that I was sharing with them, and then they were so overwhelmed by what I was giving away that they didn't want to join my program because there was just way too much that they got from the free stuff or the low cost stuff that I did. So what you have to do is, and it was hard for me, because I was like, I really want to help people. I really want to deliver a lot of results and transformation people. I had to back off how much I was giving away, how much I was sharing, how much I was just passing on to people in this and figure out what is the limit of people's retention, what is the limit of how much they can retain from what I'm teaching and then teach just up to that point? So what I look at is I have my whole system, right? We got those six steps. We have all those steps of what it takes for you to get results in your business. But then we have a starting line. Okay? Our starting line is right here. I. And the starting line is where everybody needs to start at, where everybody needs to start to be able to jump in, to join, to be able to do something. If I give away my whole system for free, and I've tried this, it just overwhelms people, and then they tell me like they only captured a small piece of what I had to share with people and and they were like, This is great information, but like, it's too much. So what I do is I only teach the starting line everybody, and I give away as much information as possible to get people started in the right direction. What do they need to know to get started in the right direction. That's what you're getting right here. That's what you're getting as well, even, like the free courses that we give you when you try out our wealthy coach Academy, the free courses that you're getting, those are the the starting line questions that you want or not questions courses, the starting line courses that you want to start with when you jump in that are going to get you the best results. Okay, so your system might have a lot of different moving parts to it. What I do is I look at, okay, what are the four or five pillars of our whole system? What is one piece of it that's a key that, if I can deliver this key to people, it's going to get them so much further along than where they are when they start out that they're just going to love it. That builds trust with people, but it's not so much that's going to overwhelm them, but it's going to help them feel really, really good. I want the emotional connection to be there where people feel really, really good about what they get out of this. I want you to feel so good about what you get out of these three days to get with us that you're like, Oh my goodness. I just can't imagine what 14 days in the accelerate wealthy coach Academy is going to be like. I can imagine what 14 days in the the academy and in that community is going to be like. I just can imagine what my first month is going to be like in there. I can't imagine what my first four months is going to feel like in there. And then you take a step, and you join us, and you start to see the difference that it makes, how we're different than anybody else that's out there to get you those results. And that's exactly what you do. Everything that I've been sharing with you right now, here today, I want to actually share some a huge nugget for some of you, everything that I've been doing, everything that you've been watching me do, everything that you've seen me doing my marketing. You do that yourself. For your clients. You do the same thing. You copy exactly what I'm doing, exactly the process and the nuance and how I'm showing up, and how I'm connecting, and how I'm engaging. And then when you do that, what that does is it allows you, it bridges that gap, and it creates safety for people. When you're marketing your business, you want to create safety for people. I'm going to draw this diagram right here. Right here is all the treacherous mistakes and some people can have. This is the end result the people want. Here's you over here, here's your potential client. Okay, what you do is you create a bridge, and you go over here to walk with them across the bridge, to help guide them and direct them across the troubled waters to create safety so your offer and what you deliver is more about creating safety for people where they feel safe, because people only become a client when they feel safe. They only become a client when they feel like it is safe to take that leap to move forward, that it's a safe place to be in, that it's a place where they feel like they found home. And so in your coaching program, what you do in your free offers and what you're delivering for free, and what you're sharing with people, or your low cost offers, or your email marketing, or your YouTube videos, or any content that you put out there is you are facilitating and nurturing that connection and that safety with people to where then they're able to see okay, this person delivers on what they say they're going to deliver on. This person is able to take me from where I where I am, to where I want to be. And they've done it with others before as well. Even if you don't have case studies, even if you don't have testimonies, it's creating that safety for people. You're creating that feeling, that perception, but not just perception, it needs to feel real. People are savvy. People know when they're being sold. People know when it's BS. And we don't want to do that. We don't want to be sleazy. We don't want to be slimy. We. We want to be real, and we want to be tangible, and we want to be something that people can trust and that they feel really, really, really good about when they jump in with us, and that, my friends, is what takes people from where they are to working with you to becoming a client of yours.

[1365:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'm excited to see those of you that are that are able to do this, we're going to walk you through tomorrow how we start to build out that landing page, and how we structure some of that and some of the more technical aspects of this. And then we're going to talk about, okay, what do you actually say? What are the words that you actually say that get people to become the client of yours? So when you talk about the topic, what are we going to deliver in that topic? Knowing what topic you deliver, getting people on a lead magnet with you, and then using that lead magnet to facilitate the sale and the connection and the nurture, that's exactly what delivers results to people. Now listen, I would love to see you jump in with us in our accelerator program, to get those free courses, to get those bonuses, to join us for 14 days in here. Read through the testimonies, read through the difference that this makes our program. I actually put this together. This is what we help you do. We help you to find your niche if you need to find it, how to write your sales copy, how to optimize your content ads and funnels, and how to master those sales skills, to be able to go from complicated messaging to persuasive messaging, to be able to go from low impact to massive impact, and to be able to go from sporadic income to consistent cash flow. And our program is different than any other program like it out there. I plan on giving 110% to you. Will you give me that chance to do so in our wealthy coach Academy program, you can take $120 off your first month or off of the four month package, and get the three free gift courses for you to keep absolutely free, just for saying, maybe just for trying it out, try it out for 14 days, but I promise you, I think a lot of you, you're going to stick with it, and you're going to join us. You're going to stay there, you're going to say that you found home, that you found the community that delivers on what they say and actually gets you results. And it's my honor and my privilege to be able to do that with you. I'm excited tomorrow to jump in. Listen, go into the Facebook group. As stuff starts to come up tonight. You get ideas. Post some questions. Share some of those questions. I'm I'm eager, and I'm excited to answer those with you tomorrow, and to work with you to start to build all this out. All right, I'll see you tomorrow. We'll talk soon. Have a good one you.

