7 Figure Webinars - Lesson 1
Date: 2025-01-04T06:26:20.000Z
Duration: 20 min
Otter ID: ESnUUpUvxXfDyxeMnGlUgLyypi4
---

[0:05] Speaker 0: Alright, hello. I'm excited to teach this course in our members area. We've had a couple of other courses that have come up that are similar to it in fashion, but this is an updated one for 2025 we're here in 2025 this is amazing, everybody. I'm excited to be here so in our program, like we've had the, if I just look back, we have in the Learning Library, the course, oh, what's it called, virtual event playbook. That was my first one that kind of taught this material where I was teaching about virtual events, doing challenges, doing multi day events and things like that. That's an incredible course. I think it's one of my my favorites that I had a chance to put together. Whoops. Let me pull up this part of the screen right. Here we go. Let's change our display. Capture this one. There you go. Okay, so virtual event playbook right here was all about putting together a virtual event. I got the little like football playbook, right there. Still a great course. What do you do in your virtual events? What do you say in them? All that then we created another bit more updated version of a lot of that content, in the form of successful webinars and challenges in 2023 so you notice 2022 we did that 120, 23 I did this one, getting people to show up to actually listen to you, mapping out your webinar and challenge outline. Um, now what I'm going to be teaching today is what I've learned. Because in in again, in 2023 I had not done a lot of these. I spent all of 2023 and then most of 2024 doing live webinars, pre recorded webinars, VSLs working with other people in their webinars, and built multiple seven figure income streams for different clients through webinars, challenges. VSLs, pre recorded video. YouTube video is even a piece of it. And so that's what this is all about. This is all about using video to present and sell your programs, to sell your coaching programs. What do you say? How do you say it? We're going to dive into the different types of of video content that's used to do presentations, and so I think that's where, what's where we're going to start. I'm going to kind of break down the different nuances of those different types of video content. Okay, one of my favorites, and this is one of the things I really wanted to teach in this course, is the pre recorded VSL and micro webinar. And this is something that we just started doing the last year. This is part of our evergreen marketing system. And so what is a VSL? So a lot of these terms are based on the length of what you're teaching, the amount of time that you're teaching, the amount of of how long it is overall, okay? And I want to take a step back when we talk about content creation. This is a little bit different than content creation, right here. Okay? Content Creation is more from a an effort to move somebody from they don't know who you are, to a presentation, and of course, you need to draw this right here is that there is, there is a chasm that people cross. This is like the ether right here, you know, in the middle there, the chasm that they cross is, this is from your content to your presentations, and the difference is the purpose behind each one. So this content right here is to drive somebody to a presentation. This can be in the form of Instagram reels. This could be in the form of YouTube video.

[65:00] Speaker 1: This could be in the form of of live video or videos on social. This

[67:37] Speaker 0: could also be the form of podcast, blog post, email, okay, now we're getting into the written content. We're not going to be necessarily talking a lot about this, though. I am going to touch a little bit on on our YouTube strategy, which does borrow from this. I'm going to I'm going to touch on that in this course, because YouTube has become a big part of that. What I do is I use YouTube to teach, to share, to build trust, to nurture that relationship, but it's always, always, always looping back to a form of a presentation. Now what defines presentations? Because here's the thing, this content is not. What's going to sell for you? This is going to drive people to presentations that do the sales for you. And always, always, always, always, a presentation requires there's a gatekeeping that's involved with presentation where people have to give their email address or they have to make a purchase of some kind, so maybe it's a low cost presentation, like I'm hosting an event here in January and doing a $7 event. Seven Bucks people can get access to training with me on building and growing their six figure coaching membership, but it's a presentation. It's a piece of content that I'm charging for, but I'm presenting my coaching program in there when I host my evergreen webinars, these are pre recorded right here. This is a video presentation in the form of a piece of content, but I require people to sign up with their name and email address to get access to it. Okay, so the difference is, like when somebody's just scrolling Instagram, scrolling Instagram, there's value there that they're going to get that builds trust, that directs people over to presentations. So what we're going to talk about today is, what do you actually say in the presentation? How do we use these what are the different formats of them? How do we structure them in the different formats that we use, and how do you make them all work together for you? Alright, so this could be in the form of a like we said, VSL. Could do a micro webinar, you could do a mini course, you could do a challenge, you could do a webinar, like a full length webinar, and the difference is, like a micro webinar and a full length webinar, micro webinar, it's gonna be about 30 to 45 minutes long. A full length webinar is usually about an hour to as much as three hours long. Um, generally, we'll go about an at maybe between an hour to two hours. Is my article with that. So for a full length webinar versus a micro webinar, that's it's really about attention span, and that's one of the things, like, when I think about this, is each one of these pieces of content, I want you to take a step back here. Okay? Blog post, somebody sits down. They're reading, they're taking time to read through it. Podcast, I don't do Joe Rogan style podcast, I do micro podcasts, so like 10, no more than 20 minutes for a podcast, okay, uh, if I do like a live social training, I haven't done a lot of those as much as we used to. Um, that might be, that might be a little bit longer. Could be a sales presentation built into that. Uh, YouTube, though, is more what we're doing. A lot more of that could be anywhere between 20 to 45 minutes long, and that's a piece of content that is geared around a specific topic focus, where people are going to get some kind of value from me, and Then in exchange, I get to make a slight presentation, a little bit of a presentation, but I don't go full on selling them, because I want to get them over to one of these presentations with actually give me their name and email address. So I don't go to full sales pitch mode over here, because I want them to go over here before I do any selling, I want them to be on my email list. Instagram reels real quick, less than 60 seconds long. Once we go over these different presentations, the difference can be, and I'm going to go back to the page that we have right here. Okay, I base these off of the length of time, how long each one of these are, and these are what we again, what we call video presentations. So everything we talk about, when we talk about a presentation has to do with that. Again. Presentation can have all these different names. VSL webinar, challenge, intensive, micro webinar, mini class, full length webinar. But what they all sum up is that some form of video content that is either delivered live or like I've been doing, I haven't done anything live in forever for the presentation. I don't do any of my presentation content live anymore. It's all pre recorded, but people are getting access to it, and whether they can get instant access to watch it anytime they want, they get a limited time access. It's going to be delivered on a specific date and time. Is it going to be free? Is it going to be paid? Those are all different little nuances. Okay, so a VSL is usually always going to be 10 to 15 minutes. And by the way, you can give or take like 50, like 10 to like 20% of the time on this so, like, I've seen a VSL as as long as 17 minutes. My VSL, I think, is like 18 minutes, okay, but when I say 10 to 15 minutes. You know, 10 to 20 minutes long always going to be under 20 minutes, though, for sure, okay, but over 10 minutes, definitely over 10 minutes, most VSLs usually fall into that 12 to 18 minute category, and these are going to be very straight to the point sales presentations about your offer and you want to direct people either to book a call or to become a client right away with you. Okay, now a micro webinar. We do micro webinar. This is going to definitely be 30 to 45 minutes long, much longer attention span, but still not super long. That's like an episode of a TV show. And I think of a lot of this in the terms of people's attention span when it comes to television, when it comes to Netflix, when it comes to different forms of media that they consume. And we gotta think about it that way, anybody who's consuming our content, they're also consuming content in other formats, other media formats. So what are the traditional lengths of different other forms of media that are out there? That's where I kind of came up with the micro webinar length is anywhere between 30 to 45 minutes long. Same thing I do for YouTube as well, anywhere between 25 to 45 to 50 minutes off, okay? And so that's where we get to deliver a presentation in that format. Now there's a format of what do you say in each of these what you say in a VSL is going to be different than what you say in a micro webinar. You could have a full length webinar, okay? That might be anywhere from 6090, or even 180 minutes long, three hours one session. You could have a break in there, but a webinar is always going to be considered one session. If it's called a webinar, that term, as I use it, is for one session. Now I'll use interchangeably as well. We'll do, let's see, a mini course is always going to be multiple sessions, at least three to five sessions. These are pre recorded that people can get instant access to it. By the way, the mini webinar people can get instant access to. You can choose to give people instant access to a full length webinar. Or you can host it live. You can take it pre recorded, have it be live through a tool like zoom, simu, live that way. Okay. Mini course is going to take the concept of a micro webinar, or a webinar, and it's going to be multiple sessions, and generally you're going to charge money for a mini course. Though, I have seen some people do free mini courses as well. I actually just saw one. Thought it was pretty clever that they were delivering a pre recorded mini course for free. They had five sessions in it. I was like, Oh, that's interesting. It's an interesting concept, doing a pre recorded, full length mini course for free, versus it being paid. Hm. And then what I love is, and this is kind of what we do. This goes back to my

[224:39] Speaker 0: event. Playbook, one live events. This is going to be a multi day, three to five day live presentation. Sometimes you can do it two days. And nowadays we've shifted to where these we're going to start charging for these. So all of this stuff can be free. You can charge for the mini course. You can charge for the webinar, though, I would keep the cost of those pretty low, below, like 30 bucks. The live event, you can sell tickets anywhere from $7 I'm testing that out. I think that's too cheap for sure, $17 $27 as high as I've definitely seen people do, 77 $97 $197 now you're not going to make a profit on these right here. These are not for you to make a profit off of the ticket cost. The ticket cost is for you. It actually helps you in the algorithm. On Facebook, when you're running ads and Instagram ads, if you're charging for something, it's more likely that it's going to qualify the right person to come in with you if it costs money for them. Okay, so a live event, three to five day event, we're going to charge money for that. That's good that this is going to be where you're going to get the highest level of of return is the more people you can get into a multi day live event with you, where they pay money. Those people are like, 20 to 30% of every registration is going to become a client in your paid programs, less than 5% of a free webinar or a micro webinar, less than 3% of these will become paid clients, but you'll get, like, 20 to 30% of this. And what I like to do, the process I like to do, is fill people into these, filter them into those, and then host one of these live events every couple of months. That's the one of the processes that we use. So that's kind of part of that big picture, as far as what that goes. What I'm going to teach in this course is, how do you actually deliver really exceptionally on that, to build out your funnel, to build out the landing pages, and all of that in the total online six figure blueprint that we have in the Start Here section of this program, in the members area, okay, in the Start Here section the members area, total online six figure roadmap. I always call it blueprint, but this breaks down how to build out your marketing, how to promote it, how to close sales. All of that. This next one that we just finished sales, letter and landing page, copy made easy, incredible. All about your landing page. Okay, then we'll, we'll start to promote it. This is now what we actually deliver in the presentation. What do we say? How do we say it? What do we say in each of these different ones. How do we structure those to close more sales? What are those words that we use? This is about a one to many model of connecting with people that are out there that are looking to us to provide value, to serve them, to deliver on our promises to deliver on what they're buying into. Okay, when somebody registers for one of my trainings, whether it be a free mini webinar like this micro webinar, where they get instant access like this or a paid $7 class right here, like this one right here, people have an expectation of what they're going to get from me when they spend that time with me, and so it's important that I deliver on those expectations in these but it's also equally important that I sell, and I sell really, really well, cuz that's what we're going to be going over in this course. It's all about that. These are different styles of video presentation, and I use a combo of these right now. I've not done the mini course. I've still been doing more live events. I'll tell you this, there's a lot of crossover between these two right here, very similar in terms of their form of content. These are a lot more work, a lot longer. This is going to be a lot easier for you to create, okay, but same kind of goal, because it's multiple sessions, three to five day live event, three to five recorded sessions in the mini course. So the idea behind this is, again, each session builds trust. It's that immersion with people where they're going to then connect, and you deliver your presentation, and you sell the people in the mini course, The webinar and the micro webinar, again, they share a lot of similarities. You're going to sell a lot more in one of these webinars, these are a lot less selling and a lot more vision casting overall. Okay, the micro webinar. All of these are to grow your email list, your audience, to nurture trust, so that when somebody trusts you, then they want to buy from you, and they want to become your client. And that's what we're going to show you. We're going to tell you what to deliver in this each of these you can have different call to actions. You can have a call to action be for somebody to become a client, to register for your program, to join your program, do a free trial. They get free bonuses when they register. That could be your call to action. You can even have your call to action be where they schedule a call with you. And this is you, and this is one that I've seen work really, really well for high ticket coaches, paid live challenge $97 ticket, really expensive, but it qualifies people for a 10 to $20,000 program, and the call to action on the live. Event is to book a call with you, is to book a sales call with your sales team or with you. So then once they book a call, you can close that sale. And that works really, really well as well for that Alright, so I'll see you in the next lesson. We'll talk soon.

