7 Figure Webinars - Lesson 2
Date: 2025-01-15T05:14:01.000Z
Duration: 12 min
Otter ID: zZ-BU0p1lTw0krXJTk3AlHwCWjk
---

[0:13] Speaker 0: All right, so before we go into what you actually say in the content of your webinars, I would be remiss to not talk about figuring out what topic to teach on and getting people to actually show up. And I think that these are very important to talk about in this lesson is because these go hand in hand together. Knowing what topic that you're going to teach on oftentimes determines if people are going to show up or not. I can tell you, I've done some webinars I thought were going to be great, and very few people showed up to them at all. Very few people watched the recordings, even though I actually got a lot of registrations, and I can attribute that to the fact that, okay, the topic as relevant, as relevant as it was, it wasn't appealing, enticing enough for people to take action, to listen to it. Here's an example of that. I can host a webinar on starting a coaching business. I can host one on running ads to grow your business. I've got a ton of people who show up. But if I do a webinar on using webinars to grow your business, very few people, if I do one on the best funnel to grow your business, very few people will show up as much as people say they want to learn those things, they will often not take the time to actually show up to something like that. So that is one thing to consider is that sometimes a topic might be too boring, too generic, or too further along in the customer journey, meaning when it comes to funnels, when it comes to webinars, oftentimes people need to realize that they need a funnel, that using webinars is an advantage to them, and they are just more focused on the here and now, the shiny object like running Facebook ads or starting a business. And so because of this, we have to use what is the topic people will actually show up and listen to you with I would rather have more people show up to listen to me, that I can make a presentation to overall. And I find that to be be one of the more important things. Now, when it comes to actually getting people to show up. It is important to follow up with people with emails that you send out. It's important to make sure that when they register that you're sending a number of follow up emails reminding them of what they registered for, reminding them to to join on the day of and so we'll send emails out the day before the webinar. We'll send emails out the day of the webinar, 30 minutes before, if it's live, and after, if it's a pre recorded one, I'll send one thanking them for registering, and then for the next four days after, I'm going to send emails reminding them of what they registered for to go check it out. Now here's another advantage that can help people show up to your webinar. If you're finding that you're having trouble getting people to show up, making it a limited time offer. If it's a limited time offer, and there's a very limited amount of time that people have to actually watch the content, meaning it's kind of more like a rental that they're getting from you. You're kind of getting, giving them the ability to kind of rent access. They don't get lifetime access to the recordings or anything like that. There's a limited period of time that they can actually watch it. I'll tell you, this has, this goes a long way to encouraging hundreds more people of actually consuming or watching your content if you're sending something out like this, that's what we've found, is that if we really want to encourage a lot of people to watch a piece of content, I'm going to actually limit the amount of time they have to watch it, so that there's a little bit of FOMO Fear Of Missing Out from not watching it. So keep that in mind, that those are some little tools and tactics that you can use. But more importantly, it's just, it's all about getting specific as far as what is the topic that you're going to be teaching on if you're hosting an event, we gotta think about this. It needs to be a straight shot, a B line for your paid offer. So whenever we're building our business, we got these two offers. We got low cost or free offers. They can be free or low cost. And these are what build trust with people. These are what you're going to get a lot of registrations for. This is where one of the main initial touch points with people coming into your ecosystem is going to be okay. After that you want them to buy from you. And so you want whatever your webinars are, whatever your challenges are, whatever your VSLs are, whatever training video content that you're putting out there is needs to be a straight shot for the paid thing, the paid offer that you are promoting. So it needs to be very much related as the the obvious next step is going to be that. And so what I'll look at is, okay, here's our program, the the wealthy coach Academy here and and we actually, you know, we just renamed it that this past week, which is awesome. I'm excited about the new name. And a lot of people got a lot of great feedback from people. They're they're thankful about it, and they think it's really, really great. It really resonates. Um. Um, what I'll look at is, okay, what are we teaching in here? What's the main topics people are looking to engage with us on? Now I want to build my webinars and my trainings around what are the main things people really want to learn. You know, I'm finding a lot of the things that everybody keeps telling me they want to learn about lead generation. They want to learn about Instagram ads. So I'm going to be creating some new webinars about lead generation and Instagram ads focus in on creating your lead magnet, dialing in what's a six figure lead magnet, figuring out how to run six figure Facebook ads overall. And by doing that, I'm able to connect with the desires that my prospect has. Now is that the only topics that we talk about here in the coaching program, no, but those are great hooks, initially, to qualify the right type of person that I want listening to my presentations, to come in for something like that. Okay, now, when it comes to mapping out your webinar, we actually have created a prompt in my chat, GPT prompt document that actually helps us do this, which is really, really cool. So inside of a lot of the other courses that we have in this program, we teach you how to create your landing pages, how to create sales copy, how to attract the right people to connect with you, to engage with you, to become your client, to join your programs, to come into your ecosystem, to come into your lead magnets and to join your email list overall. Okay, that's what almost everything that we have taught, from sales copy to funnel, building landing pages. It's all about building an email list, nurturing that email list. And ultimately, you want to get people onto webinars, onto trainings, onto recorded video content, or live video content. Personally, I like doing recorded that is then broadcast live. I pre record it, and then I broadcast it live out to people, but some kind of video content that people can register for, and then that's what actually sells them on our programs. Okay, so what I'll what I look at is what is not just the topic that people want, but what exactly is it that people need to be able to make sure that they show up? What do they need to hear? What needs to remind them about the thing that they signed up for? Oftentimes, people need to be reiterated about that thing now mapping out your webinar is we, again, we have a prompt in our chat GPT prompt document that I put together right here. You can go find that over on my website that the chat GPT prompts right here, and this prompt helps us map out the webinar. So again, in all the different courses that we have, we go over building your landing page, building your funnels and those and those different types of things. This assumes that you have your landing page ready to go, but you're not necessarily have the content of what you're going to teach recorded. So if you have the landing page ready to go, you know what the topic is, you know what you're going to teach on this prompt can be really, really helpful for you. And listen, this is that's why the sequence of prompts right here is designed like this, the initial prompt, writing the sales copy, creating all of this. Once we have that, we can come up with, what is the topic for our webinar, what is the headline that we're going to use? And then we have the webinar outline generator, and I'm going to be teaching you over the next couple of lessons again, how this outline actually works. But this prompt is really, really valuable. I'm not going to go into the science behind it. We're gonna be talking about that in the next lesson, but I'm just gonna show you real quickly how this might work. I'm gonna take one of my sales pages, I'm gonna bring this into chat, GPT right here. Okay, and then I'm going to take that prompt, so I'm going to paste the prompt right here. There's all this text right there, and then it says Insert sales letter here at the bottom. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go find the actual sales letter for the offer, which is right here. Okay, we're

[144:24] Speaker 0: going to copy this and paste that right there. So now the AI is going to go to work to map out what it is that I'm actually teaching in the webinar, sharing the excitement of achieving consistent $30,000 months, sharing my struggle and journey. Address the pain points, cast a vision for what's possible, what's possible for them. This is exactly how I would have you start a webinar out build credibility, and then, what are the practical aspects why traditional methods fail, why they're outdated, crafting an irresistible offer. What are the words that get a client to say, yes, launching and scaling your business, implementing overcoming obstacles. What are the obstacles of fear, of putting yourself out there? Overwhelm resistance, the call to action, then, which is the call to action to our paid offer overall. And so this is great because this allows you to map that out. Now, there's something invaluable in our coaching program here that I've given you access to, and you may not realize the value of it until you're. Watching this right now is I've actually given you access to watch through all of my past and previous webinars. The reason why is you want to learn and watch how somebody who's an expert like myself does webinars, how I host them, how I communicate. And so by watching some of my past webinars that are in here, you can really, truly learn that in the free webinars archive the private vault of webinars and challenges. You can go in here and you can see what are those different webinars that we have done. You can go watch them. What are the different trainings from my Black Friday training, which essentially listen. This was a training, 23 minutes long, but it really was a webinar. It got clients for us in this Okay, in December, I had my hour and 25 minute webinar right here. This one also got us a lot of clients right there. In June, let's see October we have our evergreen one right here is another evergreen webinar. Here's our June live one with a bonus Q and A main session. We did this live two hour webinar right there. That one also got us quite a few clients. Let's see launch, low cost, high impact, and offer launch pad. This is a three day event right there. Get More paid membership, subscriptions and clients with Facebook ads. That's all right there. So these are different webinars, challenges that you can watch, that I have done, that have delivered results for us, that you can bring into your business. Watch them. See how I, as an expert, host these and the results that they produce. So by watching through just some of the more recent ones that we've done, you can see, what is the format, what is the cadence, what is the style, what is the structure. How do I show up with that? And how do I translate what you're going to learn here in this course into my own webinars that I do so that's invaluable for you to go watch through that. In the next lessons, we're going to break down again. What do you actually say in the training? I'll see you in the next lessons, we'll talk soon.

