My Webinar
Date: 2025-01-09T21:53:57.000Z
Duration: 67 min
Otter ID: LagfjT1vDmrBb-a5ebj4ueSXpXc
---

[0:33] Speaker 0: All righty, y'all, Let's do This And

[168:22] Speaker 0: Hello, hello, hello, we're here. Welcome. Welcome to day number three. It's Red Friday. That's why I got the Kansas City Chief shirt on. As a fan of the team, it's my obligation to do that. The NFL playoffs, they have just begun, and so I'm excited. I'm excited to see my team play. But listen, we have had an incredible two days here. Just a great time going over. I believe this has been the best time that we've ever done on this is what do you need to do to build a membership? What are the things that you need to have as a part of it? How do we price it? How do we communicate with people? Now, what I want to do is I want to bring it all together for you, around sales and closing the sale and getting people to buy from you, getting people to become your clients. That's the most important reason why you're here right now. There's only two things that are most important when it comes to building a business in this industry and your efforts is getting clients results, getting clients results so that you actually deliver on what you promised to people, and then number two, that you get paid very handsomely for doing so. And the only reason why you're here is because you want to know, how do I have a fulfilling life? How do I have the time freedom that I want? How do I not burn myself out? I don't work more than 10 to 15 hours a week in my business, and some weeks I only work five hours a week. And we have a seven figure coaching business that we built. I've built multiple eight figure coaching businesses before, and I know exactly what it takes to help you get from where you are to making 100,000 200,000 500,000 or even your first million dollars. It involves doing the simple stuff, consistently showing up, consistently, consistently marketing, promoting and selling to people. Now I want to show you this. I have a post on my social media that I made that I just, I just think is really one of the best things that's out there that can help some of you a four part self accountability challenge for online coaches, turn your sales copy into a landing page to grow your email list. That's what we talked about. We talked about yesterday. Set up a simple, many chat automation sequence around your lead magnet. I'm going to show you a little bit about that here in just a sec. Start promoting it on every platform, and then spend 10 to $20 a day budget on Instagram, ads to the campaign. Now, one of the cool things is that there is a tool out there now called many chat that everybody's using. Many chat is incredible here. Let me, let me log out here, on here, so I can show you kind of the home page of it. Okay, so many chat allows you to be able to message people when they leave a comment. So if somebody leaves like a comment on your post by by commenting a word, or they're DMing you a word, or something like that, it creates this automation where somebody leaves a comment and then it sends them a way for them to sign up for your offer. And it's very easy to set up, very easy to use. We're finding that this is one of the best tools for us when using Instagram ads, when marketing our business, both for organic and paid advertising. Now the number one thing that you want to do in your business is you gotta get people in front of you to present to them what you have to sell. Your coaching program is not going to get clients just because it's a great coaching program, just because it has exceptional features, just because it's really good and gets people results. And I get it, we think that that's that's what it takes. It is to have something be exceptional, and then it's going to make a lot of money. It needs to be exception. Well, that, but that's not going to make you a dime unless you know how to attract the right people to you and then present to those people to close the sale. So the first part of that process, we figure out, Okay, what's our offer? We figured out, what are we selling to people our coaching program, okay, then what is one specific topic that we. Create a lead magnet around to grow our email list. Number one thing that determines if a coach online is successful, how big their email list is and are they consistently growing their email list and using that to do video presentations to people, video talks like what we've been doing for the last three days, or like what I do with my evergreen offers, where I have a 40 minute talk, where I talk with people, it's pre recorded, and I'm telling them and selling to them about my program. And the more you just you market video messages to people in the form of webinars, challenges, pre recorded, Evergreen mini courses, some kind of video content that is low cost, low ticket or even free. That's the key. You can use that then to build trust and sell your paid programs to people. And again, I've been doing that this whole time. I've not even been trying to pretend at all like I'm not doing that, because I've been talking about my wealthy coach Academy. I'd love to have all of you jump in there. Try it out for 14 days. Check it out Tuesday, January 21 2025 that's the last chance to get in here, to get this deal, to get these free classes, these free courses, and to take $120 off. And so what we do is we utilize these video presentations to tell people about what it is that we are actually offering to people. Okay, so that's the steps. Go like this. We create a landing page on a website, on Squarespace. Then we run this on social media, whether it be organic or paid advertising. We show you how to do all of that in my wealthy coach Academy. The right way to do this. What are the right things to do for this topic, this process as well. Then from here, people end up watching some form of video that they sign up for, that they have to register for, that they have to give you their name and email address, that they have to set aside time to watch it in that video, then you go to work selling your program to people, and that's what produces the finances. If I was to break down our entire business model, it's this right here, and this is what works better than anything else that's out there. There's, there's, there's some modifications to this that I know, that people add. Maybe they can schedule a call with you, to get on the phone with you, and then you can close the sale on the phone if you're finding that that it's a higher ticket product, or you just want to get more feedback, more of that personal touch. But what this allows you to do is this allows you to build trust with people. It allows you to connect with where people are at they hear the information that they need to hear to be able to make a buying decision, and they spend enough time with you if they go through this, this process with you, to where they trust that if they become a client of yours, they are going to get the result that they want. Okay, so you gotta know, what do we actually put on our social media? What are the things that we say on our social media? Once you have your offer on a landing page, you're going to send all of your traffic to this now two fold if you're doing organic content, organic is going to look something like this. I'm going to show you two different types of posts that work really well for organic. Okay, number one, here's one right here that is a story. It's about spending time with my son, and I have a photo with him right here, spending time going out. But I segue it into the fact that I'm hosting this live event. People can then comment the word evergreen, and it'll send them a direct message with the link to register using many chat using this many chat tool. Okay. Now another kind of post is like this. You have a video with you, you have some text over it again, comment on it. We got a ton of people that commented on this one right here. And what ends up happening is, is this creates a connection with people. And these are also what we can run as ads. You can run ads like this. You can also run ads in the format of, you know, something that specifically around what you're going to be helping people with this one also worked really well for us. Comment The word ads got a lot of people that registered for that using this post right there. Very simple. Doesn't take a lot of time to put together. It gets people's attention because your goal is to send them to this land. Page. This is where you're going to answer their questions. This is where they're going to get the information. This is what's going to actually get them to say, Oh, wow, that's what I've been looking for. That's the solution to the problem that I want to solve. And then, once they're there, our goal is to get them to actually show up to this presentation. One of the things that I noticed that a lot of

[325:35] Speaker 0: coaches get wrong when they do this process is that people don't even show up to their video presentations. Now they don't even show up to listen to them. It's because they're not sending enough follow up emails. You might have gotten a lot of the different emails that we sent out leading up to this event and each day about the event. The reason why is because that follow up make sure that I keep things top of mind for those who register, for those who come into something like this, to make sure that you show up, that you take advantage of what you invested into, to get the results from it. Okay, so again, if you're here today, that's the process that you want to do, and your goal and your mission is to connect with the right people at the right time that need the solution that they desire, that you offer, and in a video presentation, you're going to communicate that that with them. Now, what do you actually say in that video presentation? And this is the key, okay, two things. Number one, we gotta break up with over analyzing all of this process. That's one of the biggest things. Keep it simple. Take action. Perfectionism isn't going to help you get more results. Try to make everything perfect, trying to do everything perfect, trying to put it all together perfectly, not going to make it work better for you. It's going to almost always produce 10 times worse result, if you're trying to be so focused on making everything perfect, all the details perfect, and getting all those things right. Okay, so understand that that it's not about perfection. It's about connection. It's about making a connection with the right people at the right time. And the way that we do that is in our video presentation, there's a format, whether it be a 40 minute video presentation, whether it be a three day or a five day event like this, we utilize different formats of video presentations. Okay, so a 40 minute video I'm going to be sharing, and I'm going to tell you what you share in those videos. I'm gonna tell you exactly what you say, how you say it here in just a sec, in a three day event, it's broken down into three segments, but it still follows the same sequence, the same formula. And the formula is, this is that every presentation is broken down into three parts, the first part, first 33% this is maybe the first hour, if you're doing, you know, a three day event. This might be the first 30 minutes if it's a, if it's a one session, 90 minute, if it's a 40 minute, this might be the first 10 minutes if you have a, if you have a 40 minute video presentation. This beginning portion might be the first 10 minutes. And this is always about vision casting, getting people to grab a vision for what they registered for, for what they signed up for, for them to grab on to the result, and the belief that they can do it Okay. Number two, in the middle portion, right here, and this can sometimes be between 33 and 50% of the presentation is going to be the practical aspects. Okay, this is what you're teaching. This is what you're coaching people on. This is the this is the valuable information that you're giving them. I want you to really shift your thinking when it comes to your offer. When we got our paid offer, our coaching program, our mentorship program, our membership site. That's where we spend time diving into bringing transformation into people's lives. We can't give all of that information in one presentation or one single, maybe three session event. It's just not possible to be able to do that. But we can give people the stages of where to start in their presentation, what to start with. And so with that, you're going to deliver on what you promised in the event, but you're not going to overwhelm people with so much, and you're going to really encourage people to want to become a client of yours in the end. And in the end portion here, this is the last maybe 15 to 30% okay, this is where you sell. This is where you do your sales pitch. This is where you talk about what it is that you offer and you sell extremely well. If somebody says stuck around through a presentation to the end of this, it's time to sell with all that you got, and to do so in the right way, not in a sleazy way, not in a slimy way, but to do so to show people the value that you're going to deliver. You're able to promise a result to somebody, and you're able to show them what they're going to get when they register with you. Now the process of doing this is a lot less complicated than we make it in our mind. We got coaching and training in. Wealthy coach Academy, where we show you exactly what do you say during this whole process. But for the sake of this example, right here is we want to help people understand the big idea as far as what they're going to get. And that's where what I like to call is the four pillars, three transformations and one big outcome that people are going to get. Okay? So the way that this works is, once you create something, I'm going to stand up here, you create something that has four main pillars to it on the outside, okay, you have three transformations and one big outcome. Now, remember, we talked about this yesterday that we have for my program in the wealthy coach Academy. If you remember this, what are the things that we that we talked about on this one? I'm going to pull it up on screen here. We're going to pull this up, and then I'm going to give you an example of how you can do this for yourself. This is one of the most valuable things that you can do when you're marketing to people, when you're selling and when you're creating your presentation. Here we go. Okay, so again, the four pillars of my program is we have niche focus. We help you write your sales copy. We help you optimize your funnels, content ads, and then help you sell really well. We help you go from complicated messaging, this is going to be complicated, and we're going to flip that from where they are to where they want to be. If you if you found that your business has been overly complicated to get your communication and how you communicate it, what are the things that you say and all of that we're going to show you how to do, very simple, persuasive messaging. What are the words that you say that get people to buy from you at an exceptional level? In in my wealthy coach Academy, that's what it's all about. How do you go from low impact, you're not reaching a lot of people, to high impact, massive impact. Okay. Then how do you go from sporadic income to consistent cash flow? Okay? And then in the middle is financial and time, freedom and all roads lead to financial and time freedom as our process that we teach people as our process, that we go through. So for you and your business, you want to look at okay, in my coaching business, in my mentoring business, in what I am creating in my membership. What are the four main pillars of my framework, my methodology? These are what you teach people that they really, really need tangible, practical skills in okay? And then once they have these skills, the three transformations are to bring them from where they are to where they want to be, and then the one big outcome is that big idea of what their life is going to look like, to go from where they are to where they want to be. I guarantee you, every single person who's watching this right now, this is what you want in your business, this is what you need in your business. And I know that because of the research that we've done, because of the 1000s of clients that we worked with, and the results that we've created for people, and people tell me, listen, Jeremiah, I don't want to be burnt out. I want to create the kind of finances I want to create, and I want it to feel really, really good in that process. And so what you can do is you figure out, when you're selling, what your version of this is. This is called a one, a one sheet that you can go through in about five minutes with people, and you figure out, what are these levels right here to it. And then we show you how to do that in the wealthy coach Academy. And so I'd love to see you become a part of our program in the wealthy coach Academy, to have you join us in there, to work with us for 14 days. But I'd also love to see you commit for a whole year with us, to spend the entire year to see the changes that are going to happen in your life. I'll tell you, one of the things that happens with a lot of people is that when they start coming into our community, it shakes things up a little bit, and they start to really come to grips with, Okay, what's not working, what do I need to change? What do I need to shift? What do I need to adjust? How do I need to change my priorities, my schedule, that maybe it's the people I'm hanging out with. What are the things that I need to change that I'm focusing on? And that's what I love helping people with, is really optimizing their life and their business to create the kind. Of finances that they want to create. So when it comes to you selling your offers, you gotta become confident in the ability to communicate with people the value that you have delivered. It's not just about giving value, but it's about standing in authority and communicating what it is that you deliver to people, and that's exactly what I've done over the last couple of days, and that's why we utilize video presentations to be able to do this, because the best way to create that connection with people, it's the best way to show people, okay, here's what we do, here's what we offer, here's how we help people, and here's how to take you from where you are to where you want to be. Every client that you potentially work with has a desire to get to some kind of an outcome you right here right now. Have a desire for where you want to be in your business. You have a desire for where you want to go. And I would love to, and it would be my honor to help you get there. It would be my honor to help you. Know, we're going to take some Q and A time here too to answer some of your questions about what are this maybe the sticking points to help you get there and and things along the way on that process, okay, one of the things that's going to help you in this process get people

[499:45] Speaker 0: through those presentations with you, is when you can learn How to create the type of social media content that gets people to take action. It's about what gets people to to nod their head yes and say, Yes, I need that. That's exactly what I want. So when you dial in your landing page for your offer, right? We're going to go back to our landing page. Every coaching membership and program comes from the foundation of having some kind of a landing page where you're going to send people to, and this landing page needs to trigger an emotional response and reaction in the person who finds you, in the person that sees it to where they believe that there is something incredibly awesome that they're going to get, that they will move heaven and earth to make time to listen to you, to help them get from where they are to where they want to be, that people will make the time to be able to show up to listen to you because they truly want what it is that you're throwing down and what they can receive from it. People go into a receiving position when they land on your landing page and they say, Okay, I'm going to give you my name and email address. I'm going to commit to this time. But here's the thing, people need to be led. There's so many distractions around today, that's why we have links where people can add it to their calendar. One of the easiest ways that you do that you create a public Google Calendar, and then this allows you to create shareable links in a Google Calendar people can click on and add to their calendar, which is really, really awesome and a really great way to also gage who is truly committed to making sure that they're going to get the results from this? From here, your mission is to present to people the social media algorithms on social media. So we have our presentation right here. Okay? We have the social media algorithm right here, the social media algorithms decide who to show your content to. Who is actually going to be directed to this content based on what is written on this landing page. And so if you don't get it now, I'm just going to say it again. The sales copy that you have on the landing page determines who your offer is going to be targeted to, whether you're running Instagram ads, whether you're running Facebook ads. We have exceptional courses in our program that show you how to set all of those up. If you go grab the 14 day trial, you're going to get that free course as a bonus for you to keep all about running Facebook ads and Instagram ads that work and that get results. And so the social media algorithms show your content to then direct people to this landing page. That person makes a decision, a commitment, that they want to be there, that they want to listen to it, that they want to spend that time with you. And then that's where on video, you do some kind of a presentation that shares the value the cast vision, and that closes the sale with people. And these are skills that we can all learn. These are skills that maybe you don't have them today. I didn't have these skills when I started in my business, and I got here by doing it, by showing up, by being willing to take action, by being by being willing to step out, by being willing to take a risk, by being willing to not be afraid of how do I look to other people not being afraid to show up, not being afraid of it, not pre. Producing the results that I want, not being afraid or worried that, oh, I'm going to waste my time, and this isn't going to produce the results that I want. Can I tell you we gotta get rid of that out of our minds. We gotta stop focusing on all the negative things that we want to avoid, and shift our focus to the life and the positive energy that we want to create in our life. Can I tell you this you are going to get what you focus on the most. If you are focused on what is overwhelming, you're going to get more of overwhelm. If we're focused on Listen, I'm going to get into a community of people, and I'm going to commit this year to taking action, to building my business, with excitement, with fervor, with true discipline. And maybe when you lack motivation, you come in on one of our live coaching calls, and it gets you fired up and amped up and you got clarity of where to go next. Listen. Motivation fades. Motivation fizzles out. It's not forever. That's why getting into a community, getting into an environment of people just like yourself that are building their businesses every single day, that are getting results, that are creating results for themselves and their families and their life, to create the kind of life that they only dreamed of years ago. When you get into that, everything can shift for you. Okay? So that's what we want to do, is we want to be able to make those connections with people. Have those conversations, a conversation over video like this. We're having a conversation right now. It's as if we're together right now and when you can learn how to, over video, make a connection with somebody, a real connection. That authentic connection is what actually draws people in to become a client of yours. And so that's exactly what we

[591:13] Speaker 0: offer in my wealthy coach Academy, is you get to work with me through a proven system that is not on trial, that gets results, that produces six and seven figure outcomes for people get unstuck and start seeing results that you've always been wanting. With this? Are you ready to step into a new level of financial abundance? Are you ready to start seeing results like you've never imagined before? Are you ready to start implementing the things you've been procrastinating on? Are you ready to start to get that support and accountability that you need? That's why what we've put together is the total online six figure roadmap, and exactly what you need to get to six figures. We break down every step of the way about finding your ideal client, promoting your offer and closing the sale, how to advertise, how to market, how to sell better online, how to get people to open your emails, how to write better sales copy, how to run your business in a way that's profitable and much more. We've organized it in a way that's very easy to understand. We have our Start Here section right here. We have our beginner courses, intermediate courses and learning library. And there's a number of different classes that are in our program that you can access. You get access to our wealthy coach Academy community right here, with coaches just like yourself that are building their businesses, they're mentoring people, and they're creating results for themselves and their families. You get to join us on Mondays, on on our live calls at 1pm central time, 2pm Eastern Time, to get the live coaching that you need to get to get feedback on your offers. And by the way, inside of our Facebook group. You can post any day of the week, anytime you want to get feedback. I'm in there. I'm willing to give feedback, and I'm there to help you every step along the way. Alright, and so you get the live coaching with me. You get the live interaction. We're giving you these three free courses, landing page blueprint. This one, I think is so important. It's the science of putting your landing page together. I break down all of the stuff that you need to do to make sure that your landing page is done right, the Facebook ads, basics for newbies, course, and the seven figure Squarespace funnel building, course, this one's new and improved, updated for 2025 on Squarespace. It's one of the best and easiest to use platforms that are out there. You don't need to be super tech savvy to get this done. As well as the library of courses that we have, Evergreen funnel secrets how to automate everything in your business so that it works while you sleep. I'll show you how to use this tool called deadline funnel to automate things. How to build your audience the right way. How do you connect with the right people and gather the right people around you. Our brand new Instagram ads Made Easy. Course all about, what do you do to run Instagram ads to give you a better cost than Facebook ads, sales letters and landing page copywriting made easy with AI. This was all about creating high converting sales letters. I broke down some of what's taught in this book right here and this. Is our number one AI course, all about getting results in your business. And you can read up on the number of different courses that we have in here. There's a number of them that we've created that you get in your members area. Here's a brand new one that we just created. Ai, ebook writing Made Easy, all about creating your own ebooks. Funnel, building with go high level. There's another platform there you could use systemi, io, chat, GBT, prompt Academy, MailChimp Made Easy. Mailer lite made easy. How to outsource and hire new team members. The list goes on. As far as the courses that are in here that are going to help you get results. What do you say? How do you say it, and how do you build it all out. Listen, if you go over to this page right here, you can read up on what you get in the program. You also get the three Fast Start bonuses. This is our Fast Start Training. This is all about, what do you do right away to get results in the program. We're going to be updating this here very shortly as well with the wealthy coach Academy right now, currently, the one we have in there mentions the client growth accelerator. But that's because, you know, we just recently shift over the name of it, but how you actually utilize the program works the exact same way. So this is exactly what you need to get started, right there recordings from all of our offer Launchpad masterminds, and then two tickets to our offer Launchpad mastermind event that's coming up on January, 23 through 24th Okay, plus those courses that you get for free. If you want to read up on how we've helped other coaches, you can see the testimonies that are here on the page. You can read those as well. But here's what I'll say to you, is that if you're ready to know exactly what it takes to get financial and time freedom, to have your messaging be persuasive, to get people to become client peers, to have the massive amount of impact that you want, and to have consistent cash flow instead of it being sporadic, so that you know how to sell, how to write the copy, how to optimize your funnel, and know exactly what topic and niche to use. This program will help you do that. We show you exactly what to do, processes that you can copy and implement right away to get results. We hold your hand every step of the way through building your irresistible offer, not just with some video modules, but how to get actual results. We give you the process of how to pre sell your program so that you don't waste time building it and doing stuff that doesn't work. By the way, that's one of the things I wanted to share with you. Wanted to share with you. One of the mistakes that a lot of people make is that they think, oh, okay, I'm going to build my whole program out, and then I'm going to come in and I'm going to work with you, Jeremiah, to start marketing it. And every time I meet somebody who says that, I never hear from them three years later, they're still figuring it out. Okay, don't be like that. Figure out that what we show you is how to pre sell it, so that you can start to get the sales, and you start to validate the process. People are actually going to buy it from you, and you're not wasting your time and spinning your wheels wondering, okay, is this going to work? Can I make this work for me? You can actually get results with it. We got the weekly Q and A and coaching, we got complete Question and Answer answering any question you have, from tech to marketing to sales, lead gen and more, and there's no strings attached. With our free trial, it's absolutely free. It costs you nothing. I believe that together, we can help you create the money and the results that you want. I'm going to give 110% every day with you. Will you give me a chance to do so, and I can't wait to see you on our next live coaching call. Alright? So listen, jump in. This offer ends on Tuesday, January 21 you can use this coupon code right here. The coupon code actually auto applies when you click the link. You can jump in. $197 a month. Is the, is the is the regular price of it. For those that want to stick with us through that, if you want to upgrade to the four month plan for $677 right here, that's going to give you $111 off of that cost. And then you can take $120 off the very first month of that as well. So it actually comes down to $557 for your first four months with us. Alright, I know this is going to get your results. I know that this is going to get you from where you are to where you want to be, and help you create the kind of life and business that you want. Now, I want to take some questions from people just a little bit, because there's a lot of questions that have been coming in over the last couple of days, and I even took some of the questions that have been given to us over the last few days, to just kind of share with you what this is. Somebody says, What are the logistics to launch my self study program? Okay, so when it comes to logistics of launching it, it's exactly what we've been talking about the last three days is you can create it. You record it on video. You want to upload it to something like Thinkific or Kajabi, a platform like that. You upload these videos there, but that's not going to make you a business. So you actually have to then. Start marketing it to people. You have to start marketing. It's the logistics of actually making a program very easy to launch it though. You need to have your marketing and your communication in order. You gotta have your landing page. You gotta have your email follow up sequences in order. And you gotta be willing to start to promote it, start to market it to people. Just having something that's valuable and incredible isn't enough. Incredible isn't enough. You gotta start marketing it to people, as far as that goes. All right, let's see. Lance says, What is the difference between a sales page and a landing page? Uh, they're they're essentially the same thing. Um, a landing page is a page where people can land on the internet. It has a sales page written into it. Okay, so this is a sales page, but it's also a landing page. The sales letter is the words that are written, but it's a page people can land they go to to get information and read and read about it. Here's another landing page, slash sales page, right here with information all about this, how you can register, how you can get started, all of those different things right here. Okay, this is all about our event that you're a part of right now, that you're watching right now. Is this right here? Is it sells you on the action that you want to take. It sells you on doing the work, on what you're going to get out of it, on what the outcome is. And so you want to set it's it's a tool that we use when we send people from social media, from advertising campaigns. It's a tool that we use that's able to get people to be able to

[748:31] Speaker 0: know what it is that we're offering, and then they can register with us on there. And so that's what that is. Somebody also follow followed up. Lance says, What's the difference between messaging and sales copy. So again, messaging is how you present yourself. It's the words that we use. Sales copy is the actual way that that messaging is conveyed on a landing page, on a sales letter. And again, if this is confusing, I get it. I understand. That's why, in our program, we help make this very simple for you, to keep it simple, so that we're not overwhelming ourselves, so that we're not making ourselves spin our wheels around and around and around and around and around trying to get results, but that we can actually know, okay, do this, do that, and it's going to work. Let's see. Cassandra says, How do I make sure that my emails don't go to spam with people when I market to them. Okay, so there's a couple of things that you can do. There's a tool that you can that you can do, let's see spam email checker. There's one that's really popular that a lot of people been sending traffic to. Let me see, where is it? No, I want to go to Google and check it so you can use a spam email checker, uh, mail meter Meteor, this is what it is. It's this one right here. This one's one of the best ones that was out there. It's going to tell you exactly like, what words to not put in your email so that it removes a lot of different spam words. This is over at mail, meteor.com, forward slash, spam checker. But I mean, the truth is, is that, yeah, some of your emails are going to end up in there. You're not going to get it perfect. You're not going to do it perfectly. The people that really want to engage with you, as they start opening your emails, their email software will start, will start to allow them to receive those emails a lot more. And so one of the best ways is to make the email not be a sales email, but to be personal, but to be personalized, to be exactly what it is that that you would say if you were talking to a Friend, if you're talking to somebody who is connecting with you online. It's not this. Online is different than offline thing. It's about making a real connection with people, really making that connection with people, so that they connect with who you are, with your essence, with where you are, and then from there, they want to go deeper with you. They want to work with you deeper. They want to they want to dive in deeper with you. You know, I'd love for you to dive in deeper with us in our wealthy coach Academy program. And that's why the emails from the marketing to what we've been talking about the last three days all leads to the fact that in that program, we can get you results, and we can help you produce the kind of results that you want. And I'm excited for those that have already jumped in. I've seen, I've seen a couple of you have already, have actually already joined us, which is amazing, and I'm so thankful for that. I see that Judy has jumped in, and I see that that Sarah jumped in this week as. Well, this is awesome. Alright, let's see. Don says, I'm trying to figure out my niche. I focus on men in their wilderness season, Christian terminology, and I teach boundaries. Which direction should I go with my marketing. Okay, so again, this is where we can use chat GPT to help us brainstorm some of this stuff. Let's go into chat GPT and let's type some of this in. Let's see I help men in their wilderness season to have boundaries and find their voice. Help me come up with 10 ideas for a lead magnet I can promote on Facebook for this, to get people on my email list. Okay? And so the AI helps. It kind of goes to work and it starts to look into this. Okay, here are 10 ideas for lead magnets, five steps to setting healthy boundaries without guilt. The voice founders workshop, boundary scripts, cheat sheet, wilderness, season toolkit, boundary setting mistakes and how to avoid them. The courage to speak, the courage to speak up and set boundaries in a world of chaos. So I combined, like three of those, I want to make a lead magnet about this with a 90 minute video presentation. Okay, here's a step by step approach to do this. Structure The presentation. Divide the presentation into clear sections. Maintain engagement and flow. Let's see what's the problem, the shift in mindset, and then the framework that you offer. And then start to do a close and a call to action. You can design the visuals. You can create graphics in Canva. You can create worksheets. You can record it on video. You can promote it on Facebook. Feel like you're stuck in silence. Discover the courage to speak up and set boundaries. Highlight the pain points right here, overwhelm frustration, silence. Sign up now for this free 90 minute video to start reclaiming your voice today. Alright, let's get more specific and practical and tangible around around this and less spiritual. Concept, concept based more something tangible people can really resonate with, right? I

[844:31] Speaker 0: So what it's doing is, I told it to reason with oh, one all right, below are some practical, tangible approaches to this. You're at work, your boss drops another project on your desk. You feel like you can't say no because you're afraid of losing your job. So that's the tone for real life challenges. The reason why men struggle to speak up. We're taught to be strong, silent types, but it often backfires. We need to communicate. Okay? And again, this is, this is geared towards a very specific type of person. That's why, as well, in our chat, GPT prompt document that I have, we have a lot of great prompts to help you. Put some put put this together into the form of a sales letter to help you understand what this type of person is going through, what they're experiencing. Okay, let me pull this up right here. I'm going to grab this prompt right here. Analysis of this constantly, like you can't say no without guilt, overwhelmed with the demands of work, resentment towards taking advantage of their silence. I don't have time for this right now. Probably won't work for me, replaying conversations that they could have expressed themselves better, constantly being interrupted as favors that they can't. Refuse to feel respected and valued. Stop saying yes to everything. Discover the curse. Reclaim your time and energy. Yup, the silent struggle why it's so hard to speak up and what to do about it. That's really worked for me. Value Proposition master to say no, you're overwhelmed, exhausted, stuck saying yes, everybody in your life, the more you try to keep the peace, the more it feels like you're losing yourself. Are you tired of feeling like everybody's doormat? Imagine confidently saying, No, this is great. This is actually a really good sales copy for this. This really dives into who the person is and those processes. Now, one of the things we've started to add right here as well, I added a prompt for a webinar outline generator. So this is actually based on our webinar outlines. And so if I say, generate me a I'll say based on the above, and I'm going to paste that prompt, and it's going to go ahead, and it's going to generate me an outline for this. So welcome to this webinar. Thrilled that you're here to reclaim your time and energy. Let's tackle setting boundaries. Introduce yourself. Share a personal story. There was a time when I said yes to everything. Highlight your transformation, discuss specific struggles that you have. Do you feel like you're always saying yes? Imagine confidently saying no without guilt. This casting vision for what's possible. Build credibility, practical strategies. We've been told to avoid burnout at all cost. Gives a piece, but this leads to burnout. Write down your top three values. Practice small wins. Start by saying no to low stakes requests. Use the boundary formula. By the way, I love using this, this webinar framework. It's a great way to take any of the ideas that you offer, any of the things that you, that you work with people on and it structures it in a way that gives some structure to it that then you can use for your own webinar. And there's a prompt literally right here that you can copy in this document for that which is so cool. It's awesome, alright. And so listen, if you're building your business, it's not overly complicated when you have aI at your fingertips to be able to help you brainstorm a lot of this stuff, you get to be the one that shows up and actually gives the talk. You get to be the one that actually communicates. You don't need to use the AI to tell you what to communicate. I'm not doing that at all. None of my clients do that. What we do is we use the AI to help us come up with the best ideas of what people are actually wanting to learn. How do we what are the what are some of the hooks that we want to use to connect with people and and it's a great tool to help you in that process of marketing to really know exactly what to say and how to say it. All right, let me see. Marcus says, How do you handle false accusations from clients while maintaining professional integrity? Well, I'll tell you this. It's, it stinks. It absolutely does, um, it's, it happens, though, is that you can't please everybody. Trying to please everybody is a losing battle. Trying to make everybody happy. You're not going to, you know, I say something every year, like I want to disappoint more people this year that don't cringe when I say that, but it's because it means that I'm showing up in my authentic self, and it's actually integrity to not be afraid of what everybody thinks about you now, people will project what they believe into a situation. We need to not defend ourselves, we need to use grace. We need to be kind when communicating with people. But sometimes you gotta remove a client from your coaching program. Sometimes they're not a good fit. Sometimes there's somebody that needs to be blocked or banned or told, No, we can't do that together. No, we're not going to do that together. No, we're not going to make that happen. Let's not do that okay. And so with that, you're able to really make things work out well for you. And it's not about self protection, it's the fact that you're not for everybody. It's okay. This is a form of boundaries. Having boundaries around what you help people with and what you do is important, because otherwise people are going to walk all over you, and you don't want that to happen, because they will. You give them an inch, they take a mile, and it's just not worth it. Alright? See, Joe says, Do you teach how to run Facebook ads in your program. Yes, I do. There's a lot of our training is all about Facebook ads. It's all about what do you do with your ads? How do you make those ads work for you? How do you make sure to run them in the right way? And listen, if you go grab the free 14 day trial of the program, you're going to get a free course that you get to keep forever that's all about Facebook ads basics and Instagram ads basics. Instagram ads is the new hot thing on the scene that we're seeing is actually far more effective than even Facebook ads. And that's one of the latest things that we're teaching in the program. Is all about Instagram ads, really diving into that as well, and the difference that they make All right, see, is it possible to bring a team member with you in the program? Yes, absolutely. If you have a team member or somebody that's working with you, you can give them your login so that they can log in and they can check out the content. They can learn it. They can grow in the skills with you. And they don't have to be a member they and they can join on all the calls and all of that. Because what I want is per company, this isn't you're going to be sharing with all, like multiple companies that you're working with, if you're, like, running an agency or something, but you're you can share with the people that are in your ecosystem, that you're connected with, that are a part of your system, that are part of your your environment, that are part of your community, to help them get results. Okay, let me see. Sally says, Do you provide feedback on our sales copy and other assets? In your academy? Yes, that's one of the biggest things about it, is I'm there with you. I'm providing you feedback. I'm showing you exactly what to do, how to do it, what to say, how to say it. I'm there giving my personal feedback. I'll record videos, I'll share it with you. I'll be on our live call, sharing with you. This is all about true, live interaction to get the kind of results that you want in your business. And that's what I'm here for, as I'm here to help you do that. Let's see. Sister says I have a landing page connected to the free version of MailChimp. It looks like I can only send one auto email. Do I need a paid plan to send multiple emails? Or should I use AWeber or Active Campaign? So yes, in MailChimp, you will need the paid program of the software to be able to do that, because to send multiple emails out for an evergreen offer, you can only send one email out at a time through MailChimp that way. And so if you want to send multiple and you want to connect with people, let's say they come in through leads, and now we're going to send follow up emails over the next week to do this, this is one of the best things that we do with our evergreen marketing, is we can pre plan out, we use Claude AI to help us write exceptional emails, and then we take those emails and we can plan them out to then be able to send them to people, to get to get people to become our clients. We send follow up emails repeatedly, and then those encourage people to become our clients and to come in that way. But yes, you will need the paid version of that to be able to do that. Okay? Mailer light or MailChimp are my two favorite softwares for that. Let me see. Mark says, Do I need to do a webinar to get people interested? So a webinar is a type of tool that you can use. It is a it is a type of methodology. You could do a multi day event like this. You could do a VSL. Let me give you an example of like, what a VSL or things like that look like. So right here, I have one that is a simple VSL. People can register. But it's kind of, it is like a webinar right here. If somebody registers for this, let me see it's actually gonna let me do it. So we have our deadline funnel attached to it, so kind of it hides it after a certain amount of time. Yep, here we go. So this is an 18 minute video presentation right here. The people can watch.

[1002:57] Speaker 0: Okay? And then this connects with people. And this is closing sales for us as well, all right? And so utilizing tools like that, whoops, I don't think I was sharing my screen. Sorry about that. So this is it right here. This is a simple landing page with a headline and some bullet points because the video is less than 20 minutes long. The you want to keep the sales copy to a bare minimum for something like that, that is literally just bullet points and a headline at the top with an image of you. And then we got some testimonies. We have a bunch of those. So if I go here and I do this, this is what we're offering to people right. Here is this video. It's, Hey, what's up? Listen, if you've ever wanted to know how and they have three days to watch the video. They have three days to check it out. And then, with that, they can also jump in and try out the the program that we have, the academy. We're shifting all this to say Academy right now says accelerator, because older page that we had, that's the process that we're doing right there. Same with this, same with these evergreen offers right here. This one is an evergreen 40 minute training, 42 minute training, to be exact, that teaches people how to start their own program, how to get started with things, how to sell out and make the kind of money that they want to make in their business. And then in this, this, this is what is being used to sell to people to jump into the to the program. Alright, we do this again for another one of our clients. This one is a pre recorded menopause webinar right here, people get get access to, so let's say that they sign up on it right here to get access to this. Now there's an instant access 70 minute, 71 minute webinar right here people can get access to. And then there's a coupon code to get started to go check out this mentorship program, take $40 off with the coupon code right there. Okay? And so again, with that, that's what we can use to be able to connect with people, whether it be a webinar, whether it be a pre recorded video, whether it be a multi day event like this. This is what we use. Okay? And so listen, I would just encourage you again, if you're watching this right now and you want to say, Okay, I want to work with you, Jeremiah. I want to get these results. I want to jump in your community. I want to just try it out. Just try it out. Go to Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash Academy. Jump in to the wealthy coach Academy before Tuesday, January 21 Okay, listen, you got any other questions? Let me know as well. Get a 14 day free test drive of our elite mastermind right here, as well as three of our most valuable courses. They're yours to keep forever just for saying maybe and trying the program out. This program is where six and seven figure success happens to do so in a way that is burnout free to get the kind of results that you want. I'm here for you. I'm there with you every step of the way, guiding you, directing you. Our community is there with you, and I'd love to have you jump in with us and try this out. Okay, listen, we're going to call it here right now. We're going to end this class right now. Thank you for all of those that have been here. Um, thanks for watching this. Thanks for joining us on this training, on these sessions. I think you know we're going to be doing maybe some more of these as well. So stay tuned. Stay paying attention to what we're doing online and jump into my academy right now to start to get the results that you want in your business, don't wait. Jump in before Tuesday, January 21 and here's to your success. We'll see you soon. Have a good one you.

