My Webinar
Date: 2025-01-08T23:42:21.000Z
Duration: 82 min
Otter ID: Ca4pObCCSUH1UyaK8BeM9_d39jY
---

[0:55] Speaker 0: All right, just a sec here, And we will Get

[2:05] Speaker 1: Started. Oh,

[169:05] Speaker 1: Hello, hello, welcome.

[170:01] Speaker 0: Welcome to Day number two

[171:07] Speaker 1: of this amazing event all about building and growing your six figure group coaching

[173:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: membership. I'm excited. I'm excited to see what comes out of this here. Today, we had an incredible time yesterday. Again, if you're just tuning in and watching this right now, be sure to check out the recording. It's going to be in that Facebook group as well. With we sent you a link to it. You also get access to it by logging in over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, so if you go to my website, you click on login right here, you can log in, and this will give you access to be able to check it out in the members area. Alright, listen, I am, I'm, I'm excited, because yesterday set an incredible foundation, I think, for what it's going to take for you to have a successful group coaching membership, I want to get down to brass tax today. And when we talk about brass tax, I'm talking about, what is it going to take for you to start to move the needle forward, so that you can make the money that you want to make in your business, that you can make six figures, so that your efforts are worth your time. They're worthwhile, and so that you're not wasting your time, so that you're not, you know, spinning your wheels, wondering, is this going to work? And so again, just a recap of some of what we talked about yesterday. One of the main keys is, after you find your niche, we want to come up with and write the written sales copy. And again, if you really want to, like, do some study on your own about sales copy, I have this by my desk all the time, one of the most amazing books on this topic, the Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy. And what sales copy is, it's it's written text that connects with people. And everything that we do in building our business hinges on the sales copy. Whenever I'm trying to figure out, how do I communicate with clients, whenever I'm trying to figure out, what do people desire, how do I sell this? How do I attract the right people? It always starts with the sales copy. Even if I'm reviewing questions that my clients have given me, I love going into the artificial intelligence and chat GPT and telling it, okay, generate me some sales copy based on this. Like, if I take, you know, a list of questions that people have, and I tell chat, GPT, okay, I want you and let's pull this up right here. Watch, I'm going to say, take these questions, write me a sales letter for a lead magnet that I can promote on Facebook based on the following series of questions that came in from potential clients and I, and I actually prepared this ahead of time, just just a whole list of questions that I can paste in here, add this in there. So I pasted a whole bunch of questions, and the AI goes to work and starts to generate us text for this, for the copy, discover the blueprint for turning questions into, okay, that's funny. Are you stuck on pricing Facebook ads and figure out the best way to package your offers? Let's face it, entrepreneurship can be overwhelming with so many decisions to make, with no clear roadmap, if you ever wondered, how do I price my course or membership? What's the best way to run ads I don't break the bank? Should I focus on courses, coaching or both? And how do I attract paying clients with lead magnets? And so again, like this gives you a lot of great ideas, and I use this like, if I'm if I'm delivering a talk, I might say, okay, generate me an outline for a one hour TED Talk based on this topic. Okay, and so right here, let's take this right here. It's going to generate me an outline start with a relatable story of a struggling entrepreneur debating pricing strategies and marketing decisions. How many y'all are there right now in your business? Right How many y'all are there? And I actually prepared this ahead of time, because I really was doing some research into what I wanted to talk about here today. What kind of direction I wanted to take this. You know, one of the number one things people ask me about is pricing. How do I price it? How do I price it in a way that people actually want? So when it comes to structuring your business that is part of the sales copy, is pricing it, how do we package it? How do we promote it? How you package your membership and your course, how you present it to people is the number one thing that determines, are you going to get clients or are you not? And by the way, that presentation has nothing to do with like, looking a certain way, sounding a certain way. I'll tell you authentic presentation like me in a T shirt here in my office with some fun stuff, some of my favorite books. Maybe a little like, I got this little Pac Man thing here. This is something I was playing with with my son, that little race car model thing. Got this little Batman thing, right? Like, it's just fun stuff in my life that I'm that I think is cool. Got the Rubik's Cube. That's not like the hedgehog right there. And some of my favorite novels, as well as, like, business books, Blue Ocean Strategy, the Go Giver, got the Lord of the Rings books up there. So it's like this, when I talk about presentation, the the trappings, the the dressing, all of this around me, I try to make that as authentic to me as possible. Because again, when it comes to your coaching business, people connect authentically with you and your energy and who you are, quirks and all uniqueness. I'll tell you anytime I've tried to be somebody I'm not. Whenever I try to like, pretend like, Oh, I'm just Oh super well, put together business person like, that's not me. I have built incredibly successful businesses, but that didn't come from being mister, stuck up professional at all. It always came from me really tapping into my essence, my energy, and being authentic, not giving a bleep what anybody thinks about me, to be honest. And so what I do is, everything that I do, it's it's that. And I would encourage you that when it comes to like the presentation of how you look, and your camera and all of that, I use a $30 camera from amazon for all of my stuff. I've been using the same camera for five years. I don't plan on upgrading it. I have a $90 microphone. I have a $20 light here in my office. We have this light right here. I got my desk right here. I got the microphone right there. Halston was playing in my in my office, so I got some some stuff he was playing with. He was just up here this morning. You know it's so what the life is with toddlers, you know that. But for me, what matters the most is, how do I connect with people? And that truly is what matters the most when it comes to your ability to actually make money in your coaching business, is your ability to connect with people. So when it comes to how you present things, the presentation side of it. The communication side of it, what are the words that you say? Right? That's what we're going to talk about here today. What are the words that you say that get people to buy from you? And by the way, many of times the words that you say are non verbal communication. They have to do with your pricing, your packaging, your promotion, how you build credibility with people, and you establish authority with people in what you can do. And by the way, again, authority has very little to do with case studies, track record testimonies, how long you've been doing something. It has a lot more to do with the energy and essence and how you show up. Okay, so with that, what I want to talk about is how to package present, promote and what are the words that sell to get people to buy from you. No matter what business you're in, no matter what coaching business you're in, you're going to be able to take away from today tangible strategies that you can use, that you can apply, that are working right now to get results. Now, I'll tell you this, there's something that I really, really think that we need to understand. There's been a shift in the market in the online coaching and mentoring and business space in the last two years, but really, the last 12 months, artificial intelligence has become extremely good at helping us with our marketing. At the same time, we don't want to detach ourselves and our human essence. We don't want the AI taking over what our language is. I want it to help me come up with ideas for what I want to talk about, but I don't want it to replace me. There's not a way that it's going to replace me, because honest, when it comes to like the coaching business, it's so human. It's so such a human interaction. There's so much that you pull from empathy and being sensitive and understanding and having a sensitivity for other people and what they're going through that really matters. And then you can. Pour that into what the AI helps you brainstorm with and then that helps you with your presentation. But one of the things that's happened is people's attention span has massively decreased.

[323:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: The amount of time and hours and minutes in your own life. Sure, you're here watching a three day event. You're investing time to listen to me right now. You are committed to the time investment that you are going to spend listening because you want to get a result. And I'll tell you this again, if you're here right now, if you're watching this right now, I truly believe that you're the right person for my wealthy coach Academy program. By the way, we, we did update the page. It's got the updated date on it. Now it's got this 2025 I can't believe it's 2025 y'all, that's crazy. We had an incredible, just whirlwind of a year going on, if you're in the United States, like the election season was crazy, and now we're like, on the other side of it, we're like, okay, how do we pick up the pieces? Come together and get to work? Because I think that's what's important, and that's what I'd love to do with you in here, is spend a year with us in here to build your business, to work with us through this process that I have listed right here, whether it be finding your niche, whether it be writing your sales copy, optimizing your funnel and ads, mastering those sales skills so that you can have that true financial and time freedom, the massive impact that you want, The consistent cash flow and the persuasive messaging that's going to get you there to be able to create that for you. I'd love for you to jump in and try that out with us. And that's why, again, I continue to do events like this. I'm here to I am here to sell people to join my program. And really, you're going to know, is it a good fit for me or not, it's completely risk free for you to jump in and try it out. I would highly encourage you to do so and to see the difference that it makes. If you enjoyed these days together, you're going to absolutely love it over there, and we have an incredible time coming up next week where we're going to be spending two days together in our offer Launchpad mastermind event. This is a mastermind event that I do with our group here. And this is our our last one that we actually are planning on doing, is the offer Launchpad event. This is the last one that we're that we're probably doing for a very long time with this group. And so even if you're just in there for the 14 days to try it out, just to get access to this alone is going to be monumental for you. I really, truly know that, okay, people's attention span, that's what I want to talk about. It's called the tick tockification, the app tick tock. And this has nothing to do with whether like, are you on Tiktok or not, but the behavior of users of the app Tiktok has changed. How people use the internet, how they show up, the attention span that they have. People want instant gratification, very high dopamine. And by the way, that doesn't mean having, like, Flash cuts or things like that. People want to walk away with tangible, real, something that makes them feel something, because everything else on social media is making them feel something, whether is numbing them out. Social media is actually one of the most addictive drugs. It's a mind drug on the planet that exists, and AI algorithms really have addicted us to scrolling on the platforms we all do it. I would encourage you that if you have some overwhelm, stress, anxiety around your business, take a couple of days off of social media and watch what happens. It's actually incredible what happens. I don't say, get off of it completely, because I build my business on social media, but I say, taking a break from it and not scrolling all the time. I can I can tell and I can notice, listen, I'm going to tell you something a lot of people don't realize about social media, and it's the last thing I'm going to share on this. You know, it's very proven and known how watching movies and playing video games like TV shows, you know it, people used to say it would rot your brain, things like that. The social media does that 1000 times worse, and it's as addictive. I hate to say it, it's as addictive as pornography. Is not that it's pornographic. Social media isn't but it taps into the same desire centers of the brain, the same reward. Mentors, social media does, and as soon as I've said that, you're going to start to notice what I mean by that, as you start to scroll, because it knows exactly what your desire is, that that will keep you hooked on the platform and and that's that's the state of the world that we're in, is this, and so we gotta train ourselves and strengthen our minds to not get addicted to this forms of media and things like that, and then learn how to, on the flip side, utilize social media, because the people who you can help the most are on these platforms. They're looking for something that's going to solve a problem for them. My my wife, we had something very recently that we're dealing with with our toddler, and she immediately tells me, the algorithm on her Instagram is starting to show her tips and tricks and ideas. And so the what ends up happening is she's seeking out this information. The algorithm is noticing that she's paying attention to it, and now it's showing her more of that content. What's amazing is, is that you can strategically when you understand how to write sales copy. This is where it all boils down to. This is why sales copy is the most important thing to understand, and you don't want to spend a lot of time on the sales copy, but it's the most important thing, because it determines who the algorithm is going to show your content to, going to show your ads to, is going to show your promotions to, who is going to actually see your coaching business is determined by the sales copy, because there's robots, there's an AI algorithm. You ever heard of the algorithm on social media. It reads your sales letter, it reads your landing page, it reads all of like the AI, reads the text, and then decides, Okay, this is going to be for this group of people. This is going to be for this group of people, and this is who we're going to show this content to. And as it starts to do that the algorithm gets very, very accurate to attract and bring in the right people for you. Now, one of the biggest mistakes that people make is that they're way too general and generic with their content. And when you're general and generic and you're not specific, you might say, well, Jeremiah, I help a wide range of people, so I want to cast a wide net. Here's the best way to do that. I'm going to, I'm going to give you a visual of how you do that. Okay, this might be the all encompassing this is, this is you and how you help people. Okay? And this has a lot of moving parts in it, of how you help people, okay, that all kind of comes out from here. Your essence on social media, what you want to do is you want to pick the top one, two or three things that people resonate with overall, that want to work with you. And that means there might be a lot of things that you're passionate about, that people come to you for, that they want to learn with you from, that you're not going to do this is one of the most important things I can share with you. Is that if you're basing this off of intangible things, non practical things, more ethereal, more spiritual, more mindset based, this will fall flat. Those are the things that we want to avoid. We want to focus in on the practical. Here's an example, when you do mindset coaching for CEOs, what that does is it allows them to have more time with their family and make more money with less stress in their businesses. And so the traditional coach that I will meet will start to market around, Oh, get everything in alignment with your mindset and your thoughts and your feelings and all of this, because that's what their methodology, that's what their framework is. And by the way, that's amazing. You're not going to change that. You're not going to change your methodology or framework, but we're going to change the front end marketing of how we present it to people, what are the hooks and headlines we want to bait the hook with, what is most enticing, with, What is most exciting, with what elicits an excitement based around desire. Okay, so we have desire right here, and when you understand the desire of your target prospect, we figure out what are the top one, two or three practical ways that that manifests into an

[478:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: outcome. Okay, okay. You want to be outcome and results driven in as few words as possible. Okay, let me explain Weight Watchers. What was the the essence of the outcome or results of their marketing? Eat the food, lose the weight. That's it, eat the food, that's three words, lose the weight, three words that encompasses the the belief, the mindset, the conviction, the trust, whether it was true or not. And we do want to base things off of truth. But what matters to people is that they believe it's going to work for them, and so the outcome, eat the food, lose the weight. When people work with me, write the sales copy, make the money, create the offers, have a dream life without burning yourself out, join the coaching program, become a multi, six or seven figure coach. And that's exactly what happens when people join our coaching program and they apply the information. Just joining isn't going to do anything. I've I've had people, gosh, they've joined, and they've been like, I didn't become a millionaire overnight. I'm like, I can literally see the stats of like that, because they didn't go through any of the training, they didn't show up on any of the calls, they didn't ask for any help, and when I reached out to them to see what they were doing, I didn't get any response. I think the common denominator is them on that one right? I did all the stuff that I could do as a coach to show up to serve them at that level, but I can't. You can only lead a horse to water. You can't force him to drink, and that's the thing. But what you want to do is you want to promise that amazing water that people have this. Here's another way of explaining it. You want to sell the vacation, not the the trip to the destination. Okay, so a lot of what you might coach people on, you might be leading with, okay, you gotta get into a cramped airplane. You gotta deal with people you don't like. You gotta go through security. You gotta sit there for 10 hours. You gotta get all hot and sweaty. You gotta trek through the Savannah, the Sahara desert for five days before you get to the beautiful castle and amazing swimming pool that you can get into. No you want to sell people on the swimming pool the end result. And this is what most coaches and mentors get wrong when it comes to their sales copy, so not leading with that specific end result that's geared around the specific person that they can help. They're going based on how they're going to get somebody there, because they're trying to over explain their process to people, because they think that that's going to get people to become a client. And it doesn't over explaining your process doesn't make people want to buy from you. You want to connect people with the fact that, okay, we can get you to this result you're going to get here when you work with us, when you join our wealthy coach Academy. Like I said, we used to call it the client growth accelerator. So if you hear me slip up and say it that way, it's because we, we just recently changed the name of it and all that, but our wealthy coach Academy becoming a part of that. It's exactly what the name says, becoming a wealthy coach. This is the Academy, the blueprint, the process to have the support, the community, the accountability, to help you get there. And it is my mission to create over 1000 millionaire coaches that are changing the world, that are impacting people's lives. I'd love for you to be one of them. Okay? And so with this, when it comes to what are the words that actually get people to buy from you, it's about getting specific on what those things are. So if we take a look at some of your business models, let's say you do real estate coaching. Okay, people want to become wealthy investing in real estate without using their own money. That's a tangible outcome, right there. Let's say you do life coaching, okay? Or spiritual roots coaching, again. What is the outcome when somebody figures out what that spiritual root is, or they figure out what that mindset issue is, or they work through some form of therapy with you. It's the end result of the life that they didn't have, that they wished they had when they come out the other side of that. And so what I've done is I use AI to help us get to the bottom of what this is, and it's based off of what's in this book, The Ultimate Sales Letter. Okay, so right here I have on my website, you can actually find this, and we still have this up here my free chat GPT prompts, and this applies for any kind of AI. One of my favorite AI tools, by the way, is po.com because it gives you a number of different AI algorithms, from grok to Claude. Three, five, which is one of the best for email marketing. Oh, one is the one of the most intelligent ones that open AI has created GPT four. Oh, is, is really great. So chat GPT gives you Oh, one and it gives you GPT four. Oh, the free version of chat GPT is awesome because you can do a lot with it, with GPT four. Oh, and so again, if you're just using the free version of chat GPT, we're going to base it off of that. But one of my favorite AI tools is po here. Now if you go grab this free chat GPT prompts document, these will work for any AI algorithms that you want to use. You're going to get different outputs with them. And so what I do is I walk people through the process of actually using this right here. Okay, one of the things that I like to do is I have this master ideas prompt that I like to start with, a master marketing ideas prompt. The idea behind this is that it is a master prompt that's going to give you some ideas for your coaching. Okay, so we go into chat GPT, and I'm going to say I do spiritual roots coaching for executives to remove blocks in their life so that they can tap into their essence and improve their goals and results. Okay, so we're going to tell it just a little basis of what you do, and then we're going to paste this ideas prompt in here, create a complete $997 program in the specified niche. Include detailed descriptions of the core components. Okay, so this is what it's doing, 997 program. It's an eight week program to help executives remove mental and spiritual blocks. So spiritual blocks, enabling them to align with their true essence, elevate their goals and achieve peak results. Okay? The program combines live coaching, self paced modules, community support and actionable strategies, the foundation of spiritual roots coaching, live coaching session introduction and setting clear intentions, connecting to essence, overcoming fear and resistance, reclaiming power. Okay? Program features live coaching. Now, here's where I would stop this, because this is not tangible. This is still a lot of ethereal ideas. So that's what I'm going to do, is I'm going to correct the AI. I'm going to say, Okay, those were some great ideas, but this is too intangible and ethereal. Can you generate me some that are a bit more on the practical side of things based on the above. Okay, so I did was I stopped it, and now it's generating something that's a bit more practical for people, essence in action, clarity and diagnosis, root cause analysis, time and energy optimization, stress and emotional regulation, leadership and flow, feedback and refinement and integration. Okay, we might have an energy management checklist, a daily blocks journal, weekly goal tracker, Facebook group, bonus coaching calls, and our timeline for an eight week program as well as this gives us some ideas for some lead magnets. Okay, so this is great. One thing that I like to do as well act as an expert in online sales and marketing using social media and Facebook ads, and really refine the offer above to be a lot better and more persuasive. Okay, and this is, this is something that I will use quite often, is, I'll use that prompt. I'm going to add this right here. Improve as an expert. We'll add this right here just so that it the AI. This will be in this prompt document for you act as an expert in online sales and marketing, and it's going to improve it based on those things. Okay, so improving this is now the unstoppable executive, the eight week blueprint to unlock your essence, breakthrough blocks and achieve your biggest goals, identify and eliminate mental blocks, gain clarity on goals. This is a lot better, a lot more tangible, a lot more specific. Okay,

[629:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: now what we have is we have a whole series of prompts right here that are going to help us generate sales copy, whether it be for a webinar, a lead magnet, an ebook, or something like that. And I'll go through with the AI, and I'll have it start to generate some ideas based on this. Unlock your next level. Let me guess. On paper, you got it all titles and accomplishments, the pack schedule, but something feels stuck. Maybe it's the constant metal mental chatter keeping you up at night, the stress that keeps piling up no matter how much you delegate, or the nagging feeling that you could be doing more without burning out. Here's the truth. It's not about working harder. It's breaking through the. Blocks that are holding you back. This is great. It's actually really good sales copy if you were doing a webinar or training on this topic and wanting to attract that group of people. But let's dive in deeper. That's what this is. So what we have in this document here, this prompt document that you can go download from my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash, chat, GPT is it's a series of prompts that go through step 12345, and then six, to help us really create the best sales copy that the algorithms are going to want to promote and push your content to the right people with okay answer. Let's see. We're going to paste this one here. It's going to answer the following questions about somebody's pain points, objections they might have, what keeps them up at night? And that's based on this part of the book, this Dan Kennedy book right here. It says, okay, the 10 smart market diagnosis and profiling questions, what keeps them up at night? What are they afraid of? And what this is about in this book, this is specifically about getting into the shoes of the mind of your target customer. It says right here, the old adage says that you can't understand someone until you've walked a mile in their shoes. And so what we're doing is, is we're looking in the AI as well. We're looking to come up with what that's like. What keeps them up at night? What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? What are they frustrated with? What trends are occurring? What do they desire the most? What built in bias do they have? Do they have their own language? Who else is selling something to them, and who else has tried selling and has failed? So this prompt right here, embeds a lot of that into the framework, and it takes a lot of this and helps, gives us a lot a lot of that. Okay, so pain points, and we don't necessarily Gear A lot of our copy around pain or pain points, but we want to understand, we need to understand what the pain is, to be able to figure out what is the polar opposite of the desire that somebody has Okay, feeling stuck, despite outward success, struggling with mental clutter, high levels of stress and burnout. Let's see objections. I don't want to attend a webinar. I've tried similar programs. They haven't worked. It sounds too abstract, any practical, real world solutions? Okay? And by the way, this is great because it's going to get the AI to help us address a lot of that, worrying about whether they're making the right decision at work or at home, feeling overwhelmed by the to do list, struggling to prioritize, dealing with communication breakdowns built in bias and decision making, to feel in control and confident in every aspect of their life, feeling stuck despite your success, how top executives stay clear, calm and focused under pressure? And this could even check this out. Here's a prompt that I'm going to kind of do on the fly here generate me 20 ideas based on the above, or lead magnet topics that I could promote. Okay, 20 lead magnet topics based on this the executives, clarity blueprint, a personalized productivity system, time mastery. See, that's it. Lot of time mastery, calm and chaos. The Five Minute executive reset, the confident communicator, leadership and action, the essence goal planner. What I love, though, is this one right here, time mastery for executives, the seven day challenge to regain 10 hours per week. That's really cool. Take this idea, and I want you to build upon it for the sales letter and rewrite it based on all the above info. So that's going to give us an idea of what we want to talk about. And now we're going to reframe it. Remember I mentioned, okay, this is what you help people with, but one very specific outcome is time mastery. Okay, so that gives us a specific now that we can base this off of let me ask you something. You're constantly running out of time. No matter how much you plan or prioritize. You feel like your schedule is controlling you. Here's the hard truth, time is the most precious resource you have, but most executives aren't using it effectively. Day one, the clarity formula, high impact prioritization, time block blueprint, delegation framework. So I'm going to go back and we're going to loop it, we're going to go back and give it Step number two, prompt again, because we kind of started this over by having it generate this. I'm going to paste this in here feeling overwhelmed with endless tasks and meetings, constantly battling time slipping away. So what we did was we we took it from big picture to specific, and that, my friends, is what is going to help you attract, build, grow and create the kind of six figure business that you want is the. More specific that you can get about identifying who do you help? How do you help them? How do you communicate with those people the right way? What are the things that they desire the most? How can you attract those people into your ecosystem based on those desires? And what that does is, as you get more specific, the algorithm on social media, it's going to start to show your offer to people that specifically are dealing with these issues. Okay, so that's why these prompts help us a lot. This one right here is really cool. This one's a bit more big picture, but it's very creative, the epiphany bridge prompt. So this helps people identify how to go from problem to solution. And you want to be able to articulate how to take somebody from problem to solution very quickly with as few words as possible. Now in your presentation, like I'm doing video presentations like this, and we use video presentations to be able to attract our clients. My video presentation, I might be talking about a lot of different stuff, but what gets people to sign up? I need to condense it down to as few words as possible. Keep it simple. Keep it very simple, deep like not so much detail that people can truly understand. Okay, this is going to get me from point A to point B, and it's going to be changing my life, and it's going to help me experience something that I've always wanted to experience. Okay, so let's see. Main problem, overworked, overwhelmed. Solution, reclaimed, 10 hours a week, achieve control over their time. Okay, few years ago, I had a wall on the surface. I had everything, successful career, okay, yep, desire. And what we're doing here is we're creating the we're having the AI, create a backstory for the type of person that you're looking to reach. We're not necessarily going to use this in our sales copy, but with when the AI is able to generate this backstory, it can really go to work to get the results that we're looking for. Step four, this is a sales letter questionnaire. These are 12 steps that we've found help. It really kind of dive in what the sales letter needs to be about. Okay, our offer is going to be around overwhelmed schedules, constant interruptions, lack of focus and clarity for an executive who spends most of their day in back to back meetings, regaining control of their schedule, achieving more in less time, a structured system. Let's see client, a COO mid sized company, came to the program feeling overwhelmed. After implementing this, they reclaimed 12 hours a week enabled them to focus on building a new department, which resulted in a 30% productivity across the team. Fine tuning the niche clients have shared that they were drawn in by the practical nature of the program. Vague promises like achieve balance, we're less compelling than specific outcomes like reclaim 10 hours a week, which is absolutely true. And the AI is able to help us generate a lot of this because what it's looking to do is what we're wanting it to do is get to this final step right here. This is what we call our outcome generator step a it's going to come up with the ultimate outcome, and then it's going to dive deeper and explain what that type of person was able to achieve and accomplish. So it's going to create a fictional narrative about a person who is able to go through this and have experience in their life. What we're doing is we're creating a hero's journey

[779:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: framework in this so this is baked in with the hero's journey. The Hero's Journey is also known as the mono myth. It's about a specific hero. Your clients are a hero that goes on an adventure, and they meet you as a mentor that helps guide them through their challenges, to bring revelation in their life and transform them into the kind of person that is going to reach the results that they want. Okay? So that's the process that you're taking people through. And when we can go through and we can understand, okay, what is the process somebody goes through, what is the outcome that they're wanting to get to, then we can work backwards. And this is where I love using the AI to do this to help us explain this even better. Okay, let me pull this up right here. Write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the above, and I like to have it rewrite it in the tone of Sandy Krakowski, some so some of you might not know who Sandy Krakowski is. This is one of the first businesses that I built. It was with Sandy Krakowski, which is my mother, her and I were in partnership together to build this business to multiple eight figures and the AI. Since we've been doing this, look at 31 years in business. The AI is actually. Trained off of the archives of all of the sales copy and stuff that we wrote and did together in this business. And so it's actually able to write it in a really great tone. By doing that, it's going to take all of the above stuff, and it's going to give us a great idea for the sales copy for our offer. You're tired to feel like your schedule is running you instead of the other way around. This sounds great. You wake up with good intentions, but by the end of the day, you've been putting out fires, meetings, emails, last minute requests, despite your efforts, you feel stuck. Few years ago, my calendar was a disaster. I was juggling endless meetings, constantly interrupted, and drowning in low priority tasks. Even worse, I felt guilty, guilty for not being as productive as I could be, guilty for missing out on time with my family. All right, this is not just another generic time management talk. It's proven system. Now let's go to the sandy Krakowski tone. You deserve a schedule that works for you, not against you. Let's get real for a second. Are you sick and tired of feeling like your day is running? You see every time we rewrite it in the tone of Sandy Krakowski, it just sounds incredible and makes great sales copy. You know what I'm talking about, the endless meetings, non suck. It's like it's no fluff, it's no BS. It's true, how people communicate and how people talk. You've got big dreams and goals, but let's face it, you're drowning in the busy stuff. I get it. I've been there years ago. My life was chaos. My calendar looks like war zone. Meetings crammed in every corner, task spilling over one day to the next. I'd spend hours working, but feel like I'd accomplished nothing. You know, the worst part is, I was missing out on opportunities to grow my business, on my family, and I'm being my best self. Then one day, I decided I had enough. I started digging and experimenting and figuring out exactly what works find the hidden time leaks hint they're sneaky. The system I use to reclaim 10 hours every single week. Yes, it really worked. Okay, awesome. So what I'm going to do is, I'm going to take this and I want to have some fun. I'm going to use the algorithm of oh one, oh doesn't support using tools. Okay, great. So we're going to do is, I'm going to, I'm just going to pull this in here, and we're going to make a new one, and we're going to say, take the following sales copy and analyze it and re and rewrite it by improving it to be more persuasive. Okay, so I'm going to paste the sales that are in there, and we're going to use the oh one algorithm and see what it can come up with to improve this, to make it even better and more persuasive. Let's be honest. Are you tired? I feel like your days are spiraling out of control? We're meeting after meeting, email after email interruption, leaving you drained and wondering where did the time go? You're not alone. You're not wrong for wanting more, more growth, more freedom and more impact. But right now, the busy work is robbing you. My schedule is so packed like I was in a never ending battle spot those hidden time leaks the exact month. Yeah. So this is just a little bit of a micro improvement on what this created here. What I would like to do is, I would like to kind of copy all of this right here, so that it has this as like a an outline. Take, take the sales letter above, and consider all the following information and rewrite it and improve it to make it even more persuasive in the tone of Cindy Krakowski, we're gonna try this one more time, info. We're gonna paste that in here, info, right? So I was able to copy it from the one chat and then do another one with oh one. And now has a lot more that's going to analyze for looking at this tired of feeling overworked and stuck, let's fix that together. You're feeling like you can't even catch your breath, let alone tackle your biggest goals, because your day is completely running. You, your calendar is a war zone with back to back meetings, and you, you're buried in never ending emails. Okay, let me say this now, improve upon the above, given assessment as an expert in persuasive copywriting and improve it. So this is again, one of the things I do with AI is I tell it Okay, act as an expert in writing this and write some improvements. Give me some ways to make it even better. Improve sales letter. Tired of being a slave to your calendar, it's time to take charge. Let's get real for a sec. You're completely exhausted, and let's back to back meetings. I've been there running on fumes, like my schedule had me on lockdown. One day I hit my limit, and I knew something had to change, like yesterday. Now this is this is great spot, the hidden time leeches, the silent killers of your productivity. Trust me, they're lurking everywhere. This is great sales copy right here, and we were able to go through and really dial that in. And so now, like, if we want to, I could say, generate me four Facebook ads based on this. A sales copy. Okay? So it's going to generate us some Facebook ads right here. Tired of your calendar feeling like it controls your entire life. Imagine ending each day knowing you tackled your priorities without running on fumes. Reclaim 10 hours a week free webinar. Okay? Busy schedule, tired eyes, feeling stuck in the daily grind. I used to wake up already overwhelmed, finally and the chaos the hamster wheel. Now here's what I might do, take the offer above and generate me 10 more complimentary offers on different topics that get more specific and practical around what the person above might desire to achieve, and what can give them a quick win that we can promote as a webinar? Okay, so what I'm doing is I'm going to take all this above here, and I'm going to have it start generating me more ideas that we could do that might be complimentary. Offers. Inbox, zero masterclass, bulletproof email management meetings that don't suck. Cut your meetings by 50% morning momentum. This might be a really good lead magnet, right there. Delegation like a boss. Focus boosters, rapid decision making, okay? How to make great decisions in half the time. Healthy Habits for busy executives, peak performance, mini retreats for mental clarity, creating a weekly Power Plan short term when it so again, from this list, I really like this one like around meetings right here, generate me a sales letter in the tone of Sandy Krakowski based on all the above, anytime I say with the AI based on all the above, it helps kind of pull it into there for this offer, and it's going to make me kind of a new one based on this offer around cutting your meeting time down. Sick of endless meetings that slash them by 50% are you drowning in back to back meetings that drag on forever? I used to be the person running one meeting after the next, scribbling notes like mad. Why am I even here? One day I said I had enough. No more time sucking, energy draining meetings and soul crushing meetings. Okay, so again, as we do this, what this does is this allows you to then create ideas for your lead magnet. So once you create the sales copy. We want to create a landing page, something that's going to get people to join our email list. And then by getting them to join our email list, what we're able to do is we're able to present to people what our coaching program is. We're able to tell them about it. We're able to present it in a way that they want to hear that's going to resonate with them. Now, some of you might be wondering still about pricing. Okay, we're going to be touching on that in just a little bit. We're going to be talking about pricing because that is an essential part of how we present it. But the most important thing when it comes to building your business is knowing how to put together a very simple lead magnet, landing page, some kind of an offer, where you can show up on video and connect with people to tell them about the thing that you offered. And it could be a live session like this. It could be pre recorded, like one that we did right here. Here's a pre recorded another pre recorded one that we have right here. Get more coaching clients with Facebook ads and AI instant access, Facebook ads, class

[934:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: talks. This is the sales copy that I wrote for this very simple sales copy, all about turning $1 you spend into $10 in sales. And this converted like crazy for us, these offers. Okay, so once you create that sales copy, getting it onto a landing page. We use a very simple tool like Squarespace that makes it really easy to put this together. Okay, Squarespace makes it really simple to create landing pages. That's what we use for ours. And then you can use canva.com to create a lot of like your your graphics and your headers and things like that for your business. Okay, anything that we do in our business with we're just using Canva, and we're using Squarespace to put all this together. And if you don't want to do a lot of it yourself, you can go to this site right here, called Online jobs.ph Online jobs.ph is one of the most incredible resources, because it allows you to find people that are really, really talented, really great to work with that they are committed to helping you produce the results that you want. They can make your graphics for you. They can help you put your landing pages together. They can help you build out all the stuff based on the ideas that you have. And the price of people on in the Philippines is anywhere from $4 to $10 an hour, and it might only be like 10 hours to get somebody to build out your entire marketing that you need. That's only 100 bucks. That's worth it, in my book, is that you trying to spin your wheels around. On or say, okay, Jeremiah, I am struggling to do this. And maybe you're like, oh, I don't know how to make a job listing on there. Check this out. AI can help you with this. Make me a job listing to put on online jobs.ph. You want to tell it what site you're putting it on for someone who can make a a lead magnet sales letter landing page on Squarespace and design a header in Canva. Okay, here's a job listing. You can put lead magnet Sales Page Designer Squarespace in Canva. We're seeking a talented, detail oriented individual to create a highly converting lead magnet design and build lead magnet landing page in Squarespace that can convert. Okay, this is awesome, and this is exactly what you can do, is you can use all this and make a job listing on there and then hire somebody. You don't have to prepay them or anything, and you'll get people sending you their their resumes and their and their portfolios. Here's my one piece of advice when I'm hiring somebody, I'm in the middle, I'm in the process of hiring one person right now for a project that a client is working on. This is one of the things I do for some of my higher level clients, is that I look at the portfolio and if their projects that they've worked on before are of the quality that I want, of the vibe that I want, the feel that I want. It might not necessarily be the same topic or context, because we're going to come up with a lot of that with the AI, but the vibe feels there, like it just it looks really good. It's how I would love myself to be presented. That's only going to be like five to 10% of people who apply for jobs with you, by the way. So who are the best five to 10% that apply and and put the price that you want to pay on there, you know, at least four to $6 an hour is a good range to go right there. Then you'll get people applying. You can look at their resumes, you can look at their their portfolios, and you can start to hire people that can help you with that. Let's say you still don't have the budget for that. Again, you can do a lot of this bootstrap it yourself with Squarespace. We have the courses in our coaching program, in the accelerator program, and one of the courses that you actually get when you jump in with us, like I said, you get these free courses just for trying it out for 14 days. You get three free courses that you get to keep forever, by the way, just for trying this out. Okay, so like our total online six figure roadmap, course is the best, most complete system for putting all of this together, for finding your ideal client, promoting your offer and closing the sale. We walk you through every step of the way in this but in this course right here, funnel building, Squarespace, funnel building, this is all about building out a funnel that attracts the right clients and gets people into your ecosystem to join your email list. So you get that course, the landing page blueprint course, you get the Facebook ads, basics for newbies, and you get the seven figure funnel building course, all for free to keep just for trying this out, risk free. Costs, nothing like, like you don't have to pay anything up front. 14 day trial. And then the coupon auto applies itself. So there's this coupon coach, 120 let's just pull this up, and I want to show you just kind of what happens when you try to register for this is, let's say you want to jump in right here. Okay, it's going to take you this checkout, and it's gonna take $120 off the first month. So it's 197 every month, starting January 22 but it's gonna take 120 off that first month. So it's only 77 bucks, and due today is $0 because there's a 14 day trial. Can't beat it. I just saw another graphic. I need to change that says accelerator right there. We gotta change that to say wealthy coach, alright? Or you can do the same thing with this for four months, 677, and take $120 off the first the first time you do it. So it's only 557, right there. You can jump in for four months with us, which I think is one of the think is one of the best deals that we offer with this. I'd love to see you become a part of this with us and work with us to get the results that you want and that you desire in your business, to get those results that are going to create exactly the kind of business that you want to build for yourself. Listen, I believe that it is possible for you to create an incredible life and business and have the kind of experience that you can feel proud of, that is going to give you the financial and time freedom that you want you. Uh, to dial in your messaging. Messaging is one of the most important things that you can do. That's the sales copy that we've been talking about right here, and that's what's going to attract the right people to you. Everything that you do, from your coaching program to how you structure your membership to how you price it, we're going to talk about pricing here is all based around making sure that the messaging is dialed in. Now pricing, here's my thing on pricing, and I see a couple of questions coming in. I'd love to answer your questions here. We're gonna take some Q and A here for maybe the next 2020, minutes, and then tomorrow, we're gonna go into okay, how do we make that presentation that fully closes the sale. How do you do the follow up sequence? What is the whole process with that? And we're going to give you a bird's eye hands on interactive view of how all of that works. So stick around. I cannot wait to see you tomorrow for that as we go through that part of the process as well. But what I want to talk about is pricing, pricing in your business is a form of boundaries. Okay, let's see. Sue says, How do I know how to price my business? I don't want to price it too cheaply. How do I make it so that I can actually create that 100 to to million dollars and attract the kind of people that are going to want to be compliant, in mind. So pricing is about a boundary, and pricing determines who you're going to attract in your business overall, who is going to come in and who, what stage they're at on their journey. So pricing is a form of boundaries. If you're charging like this for $7 that's really open to any everybody. If somebody is unwilling to make an investment of even seven bucks to learn this information in their business, they've disqualified themselves completely from ever even working with me, because they've decided, listen, it's not worth even seven bucks. I'm not going to make any investment, and so I might as well just not do anything, because it's just not worth it to even spend any kind of money getting my results. Okay, now, when it comes to pricing your membership out, I'll say this is that there's some tears to this. There's some like pricing tiers that you want to do. We call this like the value ladder. So anywhere from free to under $97 this is really all about marketing and attracting the right people to you anything that's free or under 100 bucks, that you're not going to make a lot of profit off of this. Your profit margins are going to come in when the next tier up is anywhere from 500 to $2,500 per year that people might invest with you, like if somebody is with us monthly in our accelerator program, they'll end up investing around $2,300, in a year, if they pay monthly, if they buy the four month package that comes out to right around two, $2,000 a year, if they stick with us for an entire year. And so I'll base this out of like, How much money are people going to make an investment yearly? Now you can make a good six figure income off of this, but the seven figures then come when you do high ticket,

[1095:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is anywhere from 6000 on up to 36,000 you might say, What would somebody want to invest $36,000 into? Well, if you have a process that's generating over a million dollars for people in a result, 36,000 is a complete steal and a discount to be able to get that. And I even know some people, they even have a higher level that's 100,000 to 300,000 and I actually have a level like this in my business, where if you want to work with me and have me actually build out your marketing and your landing pages and your offers and all that, it's going to cost you six figures a year to be able to hire me to do that per client. I have a couple of clients that I do that with, and they invest over $9,000 a month in investment to work with me and my team to get this stuff accomplished, but they're making way more than that investment off of that because of the return that they're able to get out of that. And so these are the different tiers. This is definitely going to be more of like a like a done for you type of a thing. And this is going to be more coaching right here. These different coaching tiers. You could split this up into different payment plans. $36,000 a year breaks down to around $3,000 a month. $2,400 a year breaks down to $200 a month. $500 a year might break you down to oh, maybe 30, $40 a month. I don't have the exact math on that, but Okay, so this is how we want to price. It is in these different tiers right here, and the higher priced it is, the further along somebody is going to be on their journey, and the more qualified they are overall. Okay, let's see. Judy says, is the exceler or, let me see, is the academy a course? Or do we actually get interaction with you in it? So you actually get me in there. I'm in our Facebook group every single week, working with you through all the stuff in your business that you need to do that's going to get you results. I'm there with you, showing you, okay, what are the things that we need to do, what are the things that are going to help us get to where we want to be? What are the things that are going to take us from where where we are we're going to take you. Sorry. I was looking up something my my wife, she's out of out with the kids, and she's just texting me something, you get to work with me. Undistracted in our academy program, to be able to work on your landing pages, your sales copy in our in the Facebook group, you get to post and ask questions and get 24/7 feedback every day, if you want to. And be greedy for that feedback, even during the trial period, be greedy for that feedback to get your questions answered and work with me. Personally, I'm in there personally. We have our weekly call once a week on Mondays, at 2pm Eastern, 1pm Central, and those last anywhere from about an hour to to two hours long. And I'll be in there working with you, reviewing your copy, reviewing your sales letters, reviewing answering questions, giving you coaching, working with you through any of the blocks that you have now included in there. There's a number of different courses that we've also put together. Okay? So we have a lot of courses that we've actually poured into with this program, and you can read about all the different courses. We have them all listed out here. Evergreen marketing funnel secrets, audience building, Instagram ads Made Easy sales, letters and landing page copywriting, six steps to six figures as a coach, five minute Content Creation Blueprint, successful webinars and challenges. We just started a brand new course this week called seven figure webinars, writing seven figure email campaigns, all about your email marketing, irresistible offers, automated marketing, secrets, pro video editing, running an impactful mastermind group. So these are complete courses that are in there that you can dive into, and we're adding new ones every single month where I'm going through and I'm recording brand new courses, brand new content that's updated, that's tangible, around what people are wanting to learn and what I can help them with. But but you get access to me in there to work with you through each of these different nuances, to help you get those results in your business. And it's not pre recorded, it's live. I'm on there, there once a week, and again, I'd love to see you in there, in our academy, to work with you in that the main things that we do in there is we help you. Okay, you don't know what your niche is. Let's get you past that. Okay, and again, I go back to this, this diagram right here. That's why I created this diagram, because it's like, I just, I just referenced this. And by the way, you can create a diagram like this, you you'll want to for your coaching business that has like these four pillars and three transformations that deliver one main, big idea that people want to accomplish. That's what this is. That's what I call that helping you write your sales copy that's huge, optimizing your content, your ads, your funnels, and mastering those sales skills to dial in that persuasive messaging, that massive impact and consistent cash flow, so that you can have financial and time freedom for you and listen. You can go through and you can see all the different testimonies of people that have worked with us in here, that have worked with us, from Rick helping him make eight figures in profit in his business, to Joshua scaling to seven figures in his working with Sandy to develop nine figures in profit. Or Kim Wright being able to make 20,000 in real estate, Ian Carroll was able to come in. I remember when Ian came in, helping him make over 40,000 per month in his business. Doctor Shawn deep helping him make 12,000 or Judy making over 37,000 Doctor Bobby He was a random one that found me in a Facebook group, and he was able to get incredible results. He said it was truly impressed by the training. The list goes on, the praise that people have for our program, because it really is one of the best programs that's out there to get people results and help them accomplish the things that they're wanting to accomplish. You. Let's see. Lance says, I have many different courses, from energy healing to inner healing work. They're fairly involved. Do I just pick one and focus on that, or do I offer all of them at once? So when you're building your membership, it's nice to have a library of trainings and classes and information that people can get from you to be able to reach the goals that they're looking for, to be able to experience the kind of things that they're wanting to experience. And remember, we broke this down yesterday.

[1210:34] Speaker 0: You can include you information in the form of courses. You can include community,

[1214:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: you include the support and the accountability. And what people do is they pay for access to this. They're paying for access in proximity, to work with you, to be able to experience these things, to to achieve the result that they want. So you can load this up with as much information as you want in your membership into something like a Thinkific platform or a Kajabi to be able to do that. And then you start with, though, is what's one big idea for the outcome that you're gonna deliver? Remember, we were talking about that earlier today on the very specific sales copy that we want to create. We want to get specific around, who do we help? How do we help them? How do we get them results? And we want to make it so that it's easily understood. What are those main pillars we have your big picture of all the different involved stuff that you help people with. But then what is one big practical idea that we can use in our marketing, in in how we present it and how we promote it, what we put on social media, what we put on our advertising, that one very specific thing. You might do all of this stuff, but what's that one specific thing? That's what you're going to market it around, and that's going to be far more effective than trying to go big picture, cast a big net with people to be far more effective, because it's going to attract the right people repel the wrong ones that you don't want to work with on that. Okay, let me see Marcus says, I have a holiday planner. I'm thinking of buying ads for it. What would be a good transition to attract people to that? So I think is that, let's say that you're selling that to people. First off, I would think about, what are the things that somebody who would maybe buy a holiday planner would do, what is something that they maybe it's for Valentine's Day, maybe it's for Easter something like that, because those are coming up. So a you could base it around the the seasons of the months of the time of year that something is, base your base your offer, base your planner around the seasons and the time of the year, and then from there, what you're able to do is that you're able to get very specific and tangible around okay, what is one piece of what I help people accomplish with this system, With this offer, with this framework, with this methodology, with what I'm selling to people, that can help get them from where they are to where they want to be. And we can create a lead magnet around it. We can create something that is a lead magnet that's going to attract people. They can register for it and then do a video recording that can walk people through this process. You can stay high level with it. We're going to talk about all a lot of this tomorrow as well. Tomorrow we're going to talk about what do you say? How do you say it? What are the words that are going to get people to want to come in and work with you? They're going to want to come into your ecosystem. They want to come into your environment because of what they're going to tangibly get with you. What do you deliver that's going to transition them from Okay, here's the information in this offer. Here's the information in this lead magnet to transition them to actually buy the thing that you are offering. Alright, let's see. Last question here I'm going to take Laura says, Would you recommend getting off a WordPress? My site is on WordPress, but you talk about Squarespace, do I have to use Squarespace? So I think Squarespace is great WordPress. We've used it for a long time. I find it to be extremely complicated, but it's not the best thing for you to use. Because of how complex it is, the less complex something is, the more simpler that you can get with the whole experience, the better, and so simplify things. Keep things simple as you build your business, keep it simple and don't overwhelm yourself with like all of the minutia of having to manage a lot of different things in your business. In your business. You're going to have to manage enough when it comes to just you promoting and your marketing and your social media content, all of that, don't make your website be such a big thing like that. WordPress is very time consuming and very technical and all that. If you like using it, great. You can stay on that. But I recommend Squarespace because it's simple, because it's easy, because you can find people as well at a low cost, that can help build a lot of this stuff out for you, and it can get you results very simply by using something like this. Okay, listen, our time is up here, and I gotta get going here real quickly. I'm excited tomorrow we're going to talk about what are the words in a presentation once somebody opts in, once they sign up to your offer, how do you close the sale, and how do you turn that into a sale for you? Remember, you have until Tuesday, January 21 to jump in 14 day trial of this. You get the bonuses, you get the the free courses. You get to take $120 off. This is going to be the best investment that you ever make into something like this. I promise you that don't sleep on this. I'm excited to see you tomorrow, and I cannot wait to hear what comes out of this. I want you to go ahead. Go play around with chat GPT. That's your homework for tonight. Go play around with the chat GPT prompt document. Go download that from my website and start playing around with coming up with some sales copy, coming up with some language, coming up with some stuff for your lead magnet, and then let's bring that to the table tomorrow, and let's talk about that and see what everyone came up with. All right, I'll see you all tomorrow, and we'll talk soon. Have a good one. Bye.

