Instagram Ads Masterclass
Date: 2025-10-22T01:57:22.000Z
Duration: 44 min
Otter ID: EQaqXXuP-pBtINGCtVOheZKK9r4
---

[1:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, this is a transcript of what we're gonna be talking about in the Instagram ads class. Turn this to an outline

[4:38] Speaker 0: so on the welcome people, Hey, what's up? Thank you. Here you need sales and how to add this.

[11:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now with everything AI, you don't have to work so hard to get it all done and make work faster. By the end of this class, you're gonna know exactly how to create the ads that convert what to say, how to say it. Pops them up. And by the end of this I'm gonna give you access to not one, not two, not three, not four, but five, free gifts, and you're gonna be able to try out my brand new Jeremiah AI that I developed trained on exactly how to build your business the right way and scratch our clients getting food results better. I'll show you how to run these back. Access. You

[29:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, when I'm coaching my clients, one of the biggest issues that they deal with is perfectionism around to get results. We all have a spirit of excellence. We want to make sure that we do the right thing the right time to get the result. How many working on that? The problem is

[35:23] Speaker 0: that for most coaches, mentors out there, when this comes to running their

[37:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: ads, you incident as this is a recipe for failure, and I've seen it happen far more often than it needs to. In fact, I am on a holy mission, literally, I would say, like a holy war here, a crusade to help the best entrepreneurs. That's you see, the people that we attract to our trainings are ones with integrity. Are ones who know their stuff. They're experts in their field. They know exactly how to transform somebody's life. They've been doing it for a while, but they want to know how to make the internet marketing, advertising game work for them. And so for those of you that I have not met yet and you're wondering who is this guy, Jeremiah Krakowski. Why should listen to him a quick 32nd elevator pitch on that I've been in the online marketing space for over 22 years. Got my start working for a company that taught sales and marketing, online sales, online marketing, and cut my teeth,

[63:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: building Not one, not two, not three, but four different companies, up to a an eight figure level. That's over $10 million a year in online coaching. And right now, I run a multi seven figure coaching business. And what we do is we work with the best experts that are out there, showing them exactly how to take their message, get it in front of the right people, and then take those people you wanna make sure that they're the right people. Take those people and turn them into sales you

[75:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: and not just sales, but people who keep coming back again and again and again because they love what you offer, because they're getting transformation, because their lives are being changed and they're growing week after week after week after week after week. The results are incredible with this type of thing. And when you know how to attract the right clients, the people who are actually going to get the most results from you, you will make the most amount of money. I believe you're in business to make money. That's why my program that I have, I have a coaching program. It's called the wealthy coach Academy program. The reason why we call it that is a blueprint on exactly how to get wealthy in your business. Right now, we actually have an opportunity where you can work with us in the wealthy coach Academy program, not for $5,000 not for $1,000 not even for $500 not even 100 bucks. Heck, it's not even 20 bucks, exactly, completely free for 14 days. You can try it out, risk free. See if it's for you. Jump on all our coaching calls, go through all the courses. Heck, you can log in there, screen, record and copy and paste all the transcripts. I don't care. Literally, I

[102:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: it and see the difference that our program makes. We've been doing with our clients week after week of week inside there. And so again, you can try that out, but this lesson right here, what you just purchased, is all about how to get the most results when it comes to running your ads, and the number one thing that you want to make sure of is that you don't spend more than you are willing to lose. This is a huge part about it. I want you to set aside a budget if you're running paid advertising, that even if the campaign failed, then be okay for you. It was obviously, we don't want it to fail, but there is a trial and error aspect running ads. And I would be lying to you if I didn't say there wasn't.

[117:16] Speaker 0: When you use our process and use our system, you can bet you're going to get results faster, easier. And so what we do is we figure out exactly who we're trying to reach,

[125:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then we use the power of artificial intelligence to help us figure out exactly how to laser focus on those people with our advertising, and so that's I'm showing you, The whole process of doing here in this training. So

[134:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: your success at running Instagram ads you

[139:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: is going to come from you thinking outside of the box and doing things differently than everybody else is. And that's what I'm going to show you. I'm actually going to give you the blueprint of what that different way of doing things is it's working right now.

[147:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: As a coach, as a mentor, you have a certain way that you're used to showing up with your clients. You have a certain way that feels comfortable. It's the right way to communicate what you offer and how you help people you

[156:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: the problem is, is that when you run ads through that lens of what the right way to build your business is, right you Have there's certain nuances, there's certain program, I work with health coaches and therapists and spiritual coaches who have a certain

[164:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: process of how they do things and how they communicate what they do with people. The problem is that if you use your expertise to create Instagram ads,

[170:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: and this comes from working with clients, and there's the catalyst that literally took them from struggling to being successful, like my client, Rick, who was struggling to make more than $8,000 a month with his coaching Business, and we were able to show him how to figure out exactly what the right people wanted at the right time, he was able to actually scale his business to over A million dollars a month using these advertisement strategies.

[182:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: You Where's my client, Ian Carroll, who when he came to me, he tried everything. He had a very specific way of doing things. I showed him this out of the box approach to translate his expertise to his target audience, to attract the right people, and he was able to make over $40,000 per month recurring business by doing this next so if you're a mentor,

[196:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I say this all The time, your expertise is what makes you valuable, how you impact your clients. I don't want you to change the process or the system of how you impact your clients. However, when it comes to your marketing, when it comes to your advertising, let's separate those as two separate things that are unique to you and what you

[207:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: do. Give you a great example, when I'm coaching my clients, I show up differently than I do with my wife and kids. Normal way of being when you show up as a coach, you're going to show up differently than you do in your sales and marketing. And sales and marketing is first about getting people's attention and interest, and cutting through the noise of social media content, there's so much content, social media algorithms are literally dopamine factories that are designed to grab people's attention and keep them hooked scrolling and so for you to effectively create ads, you have to literally break that flow of dopamine in such a way that it doesn't annoy people, but it actually interests them to take action with you. So that's why I often tell a lot of my experts, a lot of my coaches, the right way of communicating what you do, the best practices of what you're used to in your business are not willing to translate to your advertising, and if you try to make them you you're essentially just going to put money in the paper shredder and burn it so you have to unlearn how you've always communicated, how you've always shown up, how you've always

[234:04] Speaker 1: talked to people you

[235:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: by learning the skill of creating irresistible offers that grab people's attention and attract them to take action. When I say irresistible offers, it's something that people can't say no to. They have a very hard time saying, maybe, not sure, not. Now, they want it. They crave it. They desire it more than anything else. Because what you're doing is you're actually going into the psychology of what is the deepest craving of this person that I'm looking to reach and then delivering that exact thing to them.

[252:33] Speaker 0: So when You do this, you we

[262:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: you will attract the right people who are ready to take action and ultimately Buy what it is that you have to offer you.

[268:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now as coaches and mentors, you may or may not be an expert at writing or communicating, and maybe you've heard about artificial intelligence, and you thought, well, I don't need some robot to do my writing for me or things like that. Can I tell you this? AI does a lot better job at marketing and advertising, at least coming up with the baseline ideas. And what it does is it acts as kind of like a marketing intern. It'll get you 80% of the way to the finish line, and then you add your expertise on to that 80% of its frameworks to get the remaining 100% and I've actually developed a series of chat GPT prompts that work every single time when we use them, we can actually go grab them over my website. Jeremiah Krakowski, comm forward slash chat GPT to be able to download these, send you a link in your email as well, and use them to create All of your advertising, all of your marketing you

[288:08] Speaker 2: you

[298:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: the single greatest factor that I can tell you, and I would, and I would be remiss if I didn't share this I'm sure you guys are probably itching to get to the point where I show you how to fake the ads and all that, but I would be doing you a disservice if I didn't share this last point, I would not be a good coach. I would not be a good mentor. If I didn't share this last point, and I need you to listen up and pay attention to this, the single greatest detriment that I have seen after working with 1000s of clients through their ad campaigns, the single greatest detriment to you being successful with running ads

[311:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: is allowing perfectionism To dominate your marketing rather you want to adopt an approach where you want to optimize things and improve them to Get the best outcome, but at the same time, you

[321:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: you take an approach of imperfect action, where you become willing to put yourself out there, even if it's not 100% perfect, even if you're like you feel like, I need to refine this. Refine this. I need to get better. Make this better. I could improve it. Realize you're never going to get to the point where you feel satisfied with improving your ads, that they're perfect. And unfortunately, perfectionism is sneaky. Where it gets in where because you're demanding perfect results, you end up missing out on how you actually get there is going through the process of optimizing your campaigns, and the reason why most people fail at running ads is their need for perfect results.

[338:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Prevents them from doing the very things that will actually get them those results by going through this process. And it's something that, again, we can talk about this a little bit later on. There's processes, there's ways to actually rewire yourself towards what will make you successful in your business, with your advertising. This is something I teach my clients all the time to where, again, you don't need to give up perfectionism in every part of your life, but when it comes to your sales and marketing, the over planning, you know, measure three times to cut one type of approach actually serves as a detriment, and the need to Do everything the right way actually causes more problems. And I don't say this as just a theory. I say this with data of working with hundreds of clients through their ad campaigns and seeing exactly the ones who struggled, the ones who tried. So hard and couldn't make them work, versus the ones who they adopted this experimentation mindset where they were willing to experiment, to put something out there, they literally wired that part of their brain that's wired toward perfectionism to being willing to imperfectly launched something when they were able to change even that deep part of their personality in this area of sales and marketing, that's where the success finally sparked with advertising. I'll tell you, if you tried to run ads before, this is actually the number one reason why most of the ads failed, not the targeting, not the campaign, not how you talked. And so I'm not going to park on this for much longer, but I just want to challenge you like a professional athlete, if I was coaching you as a professional athlete, that the perfect that the pursuit of perfect results is actually what produces the biggest losses when it comes to Running your ad campaigns and

[384:25] Speaker 0: when you can release that, when you can transform that

[387:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: into a appreciating that part of yourself, but then saying, You know what? I got this. I don't need that part of me to run the show in this situation. And

[393:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: then what you do is you lean into your your intuition. You lean into what feels good, what feels right. You actually get in touch with feeling the ads. This is not a woo, woo process. This is actually something that's very scientific when it comes to advertising. If you look at Madison Avenue, if you look at the top advertising firms, marketing agencies that are out there,

[403:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: there is an art form of feeling What the customer feels, what they desire, and then being able to curate through how to communicate that in a way that's going to drive people to take action and to purchase from you that you can develop and grow in a skill of and the beautiful part about it is this that was really, really difficult to do without a lot of skill, knowledge and experience, prior to having access to high quality artificial intelligence. Now that we have access to AI, it has democratized and leveled the playing field for advertising to where now everybody has access to these tools, but the difference maker is you being able to train yourself to be able to recognize what a winning versus a losing campaign is and How it's communicated with the clients that you want to reach.

[426:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so what I do is I combine using the AI, and then I go on sort of a creative journey with the AI. Well, I'll take you through how that process works here in just a little bit to

[432:39] Speaker 0: be able to dominate,

[436:30] Speaker 0: create the kind of campaigns to generate seven and eight figures. You

[453:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: so The first step you need to being able to run a successful ads campaign is you need to have an irresistible offer, something that people desire more than anything else. Knowing the desires of your prospect is one of the number one things that you can do. And so this is where the AI starts to go to work is to help you develop out that irresistible offer you

[470:05] Speaker 0: you still one of the best tools for

[476:19] Speaker 0: generating offers and copy is chat GBT. So

[480:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're gonna use chat GBT. We're gonna load up who our customer is, what our framework is that we offer people, what kind of results and solution that we offer, how we help people. And then what I like to do is there is actually a book by Dan Kennedy called The Ultimate Sales Letter. It has a list of what's called the 10 smart market diagnosis questions. I go down this list and 10 smart market diagnosis questions, what are the biggest frustrations? What keeps them up at night? What are their built in biases? And I type in as many of these as I know about my prospect. What you want to do is you want to get into the psychology of, what are they frustrated about, what are they afraid of, what do they desire the most? And what this does is it allows the AI to simulate a version of your prospect by understanding their deep psychology, and then it can pinpoint exactly what is going to attract them inside of Your ad campaigns for you,

[501:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: then what you can do to brainstorm in your existible offer is you can figure out, okay, what is the result that they desire more than anything else.

[505:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now I'm just going to be transparent with you the best type of offer

[509:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: is going to be some kind of video content like this. And right now, you may not feel comfortable with making videos like this, there's actually a group, a blueprint, a process and a script for how to make videos like this that I work with my clients and my wealthy coach, Adam, and I'm showing them exactly what to say and how to say it.

[518:04] Speaker 0: And so when you can take that video, then what we want to do is we want to basically put it into

[521:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: a micro course. You're going to sell this for between seven to $37 under that $37 price point I'm

[528:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: is going to be the best way to do this, and the reason why we do that is now the algorithms on social media. Previously, we used to run free webinars and free lead magnets and free little things like this that were free to attract clients, we found that like you need to charge at least five or $7 minimum for something, for it to attract the more qualified people, people that are actually willing to spend at least five bucks. Five bucks isn't a lot of money you spent that to be here, but it finds the more qualified people that are willing to take action with you on the back end, even if it's just a short 30 minute training or a 90 minute training, the People who are willing to pay you something up front are going to be far more qualified than just those that are looking for a free download or some free chat GBT prompts or things like that. So you want to actually train the algorithm to find the people that are going to be buyers by having them buy something that's really low cost up front, and

[550:13] Speaker 0: then you can use that to connect with and build trust with the right people that you're meant to work with.

[553:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Listen, not everybody is a good fit for what you have to offer, but when you start to find these buyers, these people that are willing to buy from you, they're willing to make an investment and add a money back guarantee to it as well. Sweetens the deal, makes it even better. You'll start to attract those right people to you. So you figure out, what is that outcome? What is that desire and really? What is the thing, the result and transformation that people truly would invest with you for? What's that transformation that they would spend their hard earned cash? That's what you build your offer around.

[566:43] Speaker 0: It's something that you actually would charge money for. Then you give that away for free, your very best content,

[569:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: your best information, the stuff that there's no gatekeeping. There's no gatekeeping in my trainings, I'm not holding anything back here. I'm actually giving you the blueprint, the formula of what produces the greatest results. Then, once you have that offer figured out,

[576:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can use chat GPT to help you put together your sales copy for your landing page. You can record the content on video. You can either automate it or host it live, and then you take that sales copy that chatgpt generated. You go into chatgpt and you say, hey, I want to run some Facebook ads or Instagram ads to this offer. Cut and paste the sales copy that chatgpt already created for your offer.

[597:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you tell chatgpt, I want to create some Instagram ads from this, generate me four versions of PAs copy based on this. Then in your next prompt, you tell it to convert That pas copy into written headlines.

[603:26] Speaker 1: Guidelines and body copy. You I You I You What's You I And I

