7 Figure Webinars - Lesson 5
Date: 2025-02-03T12:18:39.000Z
Duration: 8 min
Otter ID: Hi0OVoQNZSOCj3l1G-XEkFA_Uhk
---

[0:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, so now that your webinar or VSL is recorded, I want to talk about just kind of the final stages of what you can do with this. And there's a couple of different things that we can do. Number one, you can record the content in clips and edit those together. So that way, if you want to combine multiple sessions together. You can combine them into one session. The other thing that you can do is make sure that your follow up sequences are in order. And this is one of the most important things, because your follow up sequence determines your ability to actually close sales with the webinar that you're doing. The fortune is in the follow up. The money comes from following up with people who sign up for the webinar with you, or the VSL or the challenge, or whatever it is that you're creating. And so making sure that you're following up with people at least once, sometimes twice a day for a couple of days until the deadline. Deadlines work really, really well with this type of a thing will really go a long way at making sure that you turn this piece of interaction, a piece of content that you're creating, into something that's actually going to be making you money. Okay, the follow up is where you are reiterating what that actual sales offer is to people, you're reiterating to them what it is that they actually have the opportunity to sign up for. And I just, I can't stress this enough, it's the biggest, the biggest, most important piece that goes alongside having a successful record uh, webinar offer, something that's actually what's recorded is the follow up after the fact, of reminding people of what they actually sign up for, what they actually came in for. And so make sure that you have those things in order with your business and with your offer now, as you're building this out, you want to be thinking about what is the next thing that I'm going to be building and this is one of the most important things I think a lot of people neglect, is they're not thinking about the future. They're not thinking with the future of mind, of what is the next webinar that I'm going to be creating? What is the next challenge that I'm going to be creating? What is the next VSL that we're going to be promoting? And this is one of the most important things that you need to do, is that once you get your webinar out there, once you get something that's being created, that's going to be connecting with people, is figuring out, okay, what is the next thing that I'm going to be creating, that I'm going to attract people to, that I'm going to be using to close sales. Because this defeats advertising fatigue. This defeats the fatigue where somebody sees the same ad over and over and over again and they stop responding to it. Is that if you start thinking about, okay, what is the next move that I'm going to be making after this offer right here, that's going to keep you far ahead of the curve on that after somebody has watched your webinar, your VSL, your challenge, one of the best things that you can do as well is retargeting ads. These are very low cost ad campaigns that you can use that show your ad to the same person who's already signed up, who's already registered, who already knows who you are. If you can pixel them, the algorithm can actually show ads to that person for your offer, and the cost is greatly reduced by over 95% the ability to be able to do this. And so this is one of the other huge factors that affects the cost of doing these types of ads is that you're gonna be able to retarget people after the fact with this, and that's going to convert to far more sales for you. One really cool thing that you can do when you're creating your webinar as well. If you're doing it pre recorded, or VSL, it's pre recorded, you can record it in different chunks, kind of like what I've done in this training right here. I'm giving you a little bit of little bit of an example what that means stopping and starting the training. I'm able to go back, record different sections and add in adjust like this, this part right here. I added this in after I recorded it, because I came up with a thought of what I wanted to share. And so that's another thing that you can do, is you don't need to record it. You don't need to record it all in one take. You can record it in different segments, and that actually removes a lot of the pressure of having to be perfect when it comes to what you're saying in one segment. And you can kind of have really punchy parts of it that are sequentially in order. Again, if you don't know how to edit those together, we do have a course in learning library called Pro video editing. You can hire somebody on Fiverr for very low cost to be able to help you with this as well. When it comes to broadcasting your webinar as well, using zoom, one of the best ways that I love to record the webinar I love to use to create it is using a Zoom meeting, where we can record it in zoom, and then we can actually play it back as a simu live. Uh, to simulate that it's live at a later date through zoom, I like to record it live and then play it back as a simu live to people when they join. And I found that that's a great way to where I don't need to show up live, but I can deliver it live to people after I create it. So there's a lot of great options for that, for you that you can do, particularly in this Training we were talking about like, what do you say in the webinar? How do you structure it? What's the best way to create your webinar? And so again, if you want to learn more about that, some of the other courses in the members area go into detail on those topics. Using artificial intelligence is another great thing that you can do. Once you finish up your webinar, you can actually take the webinar, bring it in and transcribe it, and use that to write up your follow up emails. You can use it to refine your sales letter. You can even use it to come up with ideas for content to break out into other different pieces of content. And so one of the biggest things is that once you're done creating it, hopefully you will have already created a lot of your marketing materials. I generally do wait till the webinar is done before I do the follow up emails and things like that. But once the webinar is created, you've done one of the hardest things in your business, and it gives you now an opportunity to move forward. It gives you an opportunity to say, Okay, what's the next one that I'm going to create? What's the next thing that I'm going to create? If you want to learn more about how to market and how to get more clients into your webinars, and how to generate more leads into your webinars, that's what many of the other courses in our members area are all about, including the Start Here, courses, including the Evergreen blueprint course, and that's what I love mentoring people on, is how do you get people in front of you for these presentations? In the previous lesson, we talked about, what do you actually deliver? What do you say in the presentations? Like, I can't stress it enough, number one activity I want you to do. I want you to go into the members area, and I want you to go into the private vault of webinars and go watch through some of those that I've created. I want you to use the chat GPT prompt in the prompt document to be able to create a webinar outline for you that's going to get you, like, 90% of the way there. And then I want you to start to record your webinars, your VSLs, your I want you to go live with trainings that you can do, that you can deliver to people. Even the format that we use for webinars, we use a loose version of it for our YouTube videos. And so there's a lot of stuff that you can learn from this course right here that you can take and it branches out into other areas of your business. I hope this has helped you. We did a previous course as well about two years ago called successful webinars and challenges. It's a bit more in depth. I think it was a bit more too I talked way too much about stuff that didn't really matter as much. And so this one's kind of a more of a condensed, laser focused version of that course. But if you want to dive into this topic even more, you can go check that out in the learning library as well. I'll see you in the other courses as always. Make sure to ask questions inside the Facebook group. Join us on our live calls, and we'll get you to where you want to be in your business. We'll talk soon. Have a good one you.

