Lesson 3 - 7 Figure Webinars 
Date: 2025-01-20T12:14:37.000Z
Duration: 21 min
Otter ID: PTFpSp2uO1pgSXktPtVKwpEtrs0
---

[0:06] Speaker 0: Alright, so now that we know what the topic is that we want to create our webinar, or VSL or challenge on what we want to talk about is mapping out what we're actually going to be discussing now, again, forgive me a little bit here. I've got a little bit of a sinus thing going on right now, so apologize for the nose. I'm excited to this weekend. You know, my team, Kansas City Chiefs, I got their gear on right now because they they won their game this weekend. So anyways, sunny today. Anyways, what we're going to do when it comes to mapping out this, I wouldn't spend, like, a ton of time mapping something out. Personally, I think you're going to do a lot better with your webinars if you can flow and get into a flow state and do something that's delivered extemporaneously, something that's not super planned out. So what I like to do is just come up with some bullet points as far as what people want to listen to or care to listen to. One of the things that I do when I do webinars, that I like to do, is having a Facebook group where they can go in and there's questions, and it'll ask them, and then in those questions, when you're in a Facebook group, and the questions, the last one of the questions I like is, what's one of the number one things you would like to learn, or number one things that you've been struggling with? And so I did that for over two years, and actually have a document that is just so extensive about what people are wanting to learn and that, you know, now I don't even do it anymore, because I have so many answers. They're all the same answers. Even recently, I tested it out of what people will want to learn from me that this is great information, great valuable information as far as what to create offers around for these so with that, what we do when we're mapping out our webinar or our course, two things that I'll recommend you do before we go into mapping it out. Okay, and this is a hugely important thing. I'm going to tell you this because talking to some of the top people that have done webinars made millions of dollars with webinars. This one thing made them the biggest difference. Made me the biggest difference. Made these clients my The biggest difference. And yet, a lot of people that I meet that do webinars neglect this one thing. Okay, so I need you to, like, promise me that you're going to do this because, again, you're going to probably fight it, and you're not going to want to do it. You're going to think it might even be a waste of time, but I can tell you that it is the number one thing for every person I've ever met that does webinars, that has done VSLs, that has done challenges and all these that has made the biggest difference, and it's watching another expert deliver a webinar to get the cadence down, to get the style down, to get the tonality down. And so what we have actually done is, as part of the accelerator or program, we just renamed it to the wealthy coach Academy here this past week. I'm still transitioning. The name, in my mind, is the private vault of webinars and challenges right here. Okay, so the private vault of webinars and challenges has every whether it be paid or free webinar that I have done for my business that has grown our business in here, and it goes back sequentially. But you can just watch the ones at the top here. Watch even just the more recent ones that I have. We have a three day one right here. We have a one day one right here. Okay? And you also have the transcript as well, and what you're going to be able to do by watching, I would recommend, if I was picking like right now, ones to go. Watch, go. Watch, December, 2024 that one was really good. Go. Watch June 2024 that was also really, really good. And then I'm also a big fan of like. These are just some of my like favorites, um, December 2023 get more clients with Facebook ads. That one was really good. And december 2023 create launcher six figure coaching. Offer five day event if you want to watch a five day type deal. Okay, so those ones were really good to watch through. And a couple of things that you get here. I'm actually going to have one of our VAs go through and do this. I'm going to have them go through and actually create an outline of some of these more recent ones that we have, creating an outline of what was talked about and things like that in them. Okay, so, but on this right here, we have some of the webinars that I've done, and you have the transcript now, here's a great thing that you can do with these transcripts. We're gonna, we're gonna actually give you the outline here soon. We're gonna, we're gonna do this. But if you just have a transcript of a webinar, I can go in and grab this transcript right here. I can go into chat GPT and. Can say, Make me a summarized outline of the following transcript. Okay, and so it's going to create an outline of this transcript, this process right here. Welcome, greeting, purpose. Who's it? For brief background, and then what I actually go through in this outline here. Okay, and so what's great is that you can see how I go through the process of what I do in my webinars to build trust, how I make the offer at the end, how I open them up. But also, if you go through and you actually watch some of the webinars that I've done, you actually go through and you sit down and watch them. And so again, if I know you're already a client, but seeing the tone, particularly the opening 30 minutes where I'm casting vision, and the last 30 minutes where I'm doing the sales pitch, because you're going to be able to catch the tonality that I'm using in my videos, in my webinars, and what I'm delivering to people, you're going to be able to catch on to that this one, I actually did a Q and A at the end of it, but you can see right here, I start going into the offer around 45 minutes in, you'll be able to grab on to how I'm communicating, how I'm connecting, how I am, the cadence of how I'm talking, the words that I'm using, and things like that. And this is the number one thing that successful people that do webinars have done is they've watched other people do webinars. And what it's going to do is it is it might challenge you as far as how you might notice and feel, okay, that's that might not be how you would have delivered the webinar. I'm going to be delivering it a little bit differently than you, but that difference is probably the difference maker as to why ours are profitable, and so that's what I found, is if I've ever watched somebody else and I'm like, I don't know if I would have said it that way, or I don't know if I'm comfortable saying it the way they would have, I realized it challenged something in me on on How I would present it versus how somebody else who's very successful with their webinars have presented it. Now you want to make sure that you're watching somebody who is actually successful, who is actually getting results in what they're doing in their business like ours. Are not everybody who does webinars is that, but it'll give you a great

[122:06] Speaker 0: view. As far as getting the vibe, the tone and the cadence and structure for your webinar, seeing how somebody else delivers it. That says, Well, why? Looking at the outline for my webinar, it's going to help you kind of see how I outline them, how we do the introduction, how we start with casting vision and things like that. Now I'm going to break that down in the next lesson, as far as what you do through each segment, because that's very important, but there's basically three main sections to an outline, and I'm going to give you a chat GPT prompt as well that's going to help you map this out. It's something great that we actually came up with during one of our sessions here recently for mapping out webinars. But every time that we do a webinar or challenge or event or anything like that. There is a structure to how you do the sessions. It's it's very simple. It's very straightforward. Again, one of the first things I make sure of that is that I am coming from a place of confidence. My body language is going to be very excited, very happy, very excited to be here. I'm not coming from a mindset of, Oh, I hope they like me. Oh, I hope that people want to listen to me. I'm assuming that whoever's watching this loves everything that I do, that they think that I'm amazing, that I walk on the moon. Okay, so that's one of the things like that I find that has helped me, is, that not again, that's not everybody. And trust me, like when I do that, I will especially get some people, haters, negative comments, stuff like that during the webinar. But they don't phase me anymore, because when I go into it, I'm like, Okay, anybody who's doing that, they're not something I'm gonna listen to in the first place, and so I'm here to really make a connection with the people that love what I'm talking about. And they're really here to learn, and they're really here with a teachable heart, and those are the ones that they're gonna want to buy from you in the first place. So if you got this energy, this belief, what you're doing through a webinar is you're transferring your belief to somebody else. We do that when we're coaching. We do that when we're teaching as well. But you're transferring your belief in what you do to somebody else. And so if you believe in it, and you come across in that way, that energy, more than anything else, that energy transfer, has one of the strongest aspects to it, then you just fill that into the structure that you. Can do with the chat GBT prompt, and it works out well. So again, the structure that we do, and I'm just going to do kind of a rough outline of this right now for you, is, again, the open the opening segment of your webinar is always going to be related to vision casting. Okay, I'm you're going to talk about the vision of what they're going to experience. You're reiterating what's on the landing page that they signed up for. You are sharing testimonies. You're sharing your story. You're getting the belief level up to an all time high. Now, if you do this in a webinar, you will have some people that will say, Oh my gosh. Can you just get to the content already? You're wasting our time. Okay, that will happen. Understand, don't bow down to their complaining. Those people will never become your clients. There's nothing that you could ever do for them to please them. They just like to complain about anything. And that's what I found, is that there's always going to be complainers, and so don't let the complainer stop you from doing this in the opening section here, because if you go into the next section without doing this, you miss a massive ability to make a connection with somebody. And this does also allow you it. It helps frame the mind the heart of somebody else, to help them be ready to receive the thing that you're offering and eventually to buy from you. And so like without doing an opening segment that is excited and about vision, and you're reiterating what the offer is for, and you're sharing this foundation right here. If you've ever watched a webinar and you're like, gosh, can't they just get to the content already? There's a reason why. Because for the right person, this is the person who's gonna buy from you. For the right person, they get excited by that. And so again, there's, there's a couple of different schools of thought against this or for this. One of the things that we have added to this that has actually helped a lot is we will mention, and again, I'm going to talk about this in the next lesson. A little bit more, but I'm just going to do this right now. I mentioned what I have for sale in this part right here. We used to wait until the end to mention it. This is where you sell, and you sell well, and this is going to be the most salesy part of it, because if anybody's watching all the way to the end of the webinar, you can sell to them. But I mentioned what I have for sale at the beginning so that what it does, it brings somebody's guard down that, oh, this is just a sales pitch. Because actually, if you mentioned it in the beginning, you're being very honest and transparent, and it actually builds trust much faster by doing that, that's what we found, is it actually it builds trust to let people know about what you have to offer in the beginning, vision casting, because you're casting vision for them, becoming a client of yours in that so we interweave that together. And again, you can see how I do that in some of my most recent webinars, as of June on June 2024, on that's what I've been doing. Is in the opening portion, I start talking about what I offer, sale and the offer. Okay, so vision casting, getting them into that, mentioning what you offer, and then this is going to be the promised info. Is the middle portion right here. This is the practical aspects of what you're teaching. This is what they actually signed up for, quote, unquote, is this middle portion. So after you cast the vision, you're going to give them what you promised. And then that helps people feel like, oh, wow, they got a lot of value from that. You want to it to be something that is a quick win for somebody, something that they can really, truly walk away with and apply in their business. And then the last part is where you do the selling, and you do go through what you have for sale, and you sell well, and you sell with fervency, and you sell with excitedness. You sell without timidity, you sell with confidence, because if anybody is still watching. See, here's the thing, a lot of people that are not going to buy from you anyways, they're going to log off as soon as you start talking about anything for sale. They would have never purchased from you anyways. But the ones who stick around, they want to be sold something. They want to hear about what you have. I I've had dozens of people stick around through a whole sales pitch, and they become clients because that's exactly what they want. That's exactly what they're looking for. Okay, now throughout this what we're doing is, is we are doing two things. We're using this as a mechanism to build trust and safety in people. You want them to feel safe about the decision that they're making, to become. A client of yours that safety is one of the key elements that we have to do. And a lot of that, again, comes across in our in our posture, our tonality, our how we show up in the training, how we show up in the video. And so when people feel safe, they want to work with us. It's an important part about it. And then the next part, piece of that is that when they trust you, they trust and believe that you can deliver on the result that you promised, on the results that you have shared, that you can get for the people, when that you can deliver on this vision that you cast into them, they'll they will buy from you when they trust in you, your product, your company, and the transformation that you deliver, it does incredible things for that. Now there's a book again that I love when it comes to webinars, I highly do recommend this. This. This one is, it's about one on one sales, particularly doing one on one sales. But I actually have read it a number of times when it comes to doing webinars, and a lot of what we focus on in my webinars actually comes from reading this book as well. The way the wolf by Jordan Belfort highly recommend it, straight line selling. It's all about creating that trust. That's what it's all about. Building that trust in you, building that trust with the right person, you qualify the right person, and then you build trust. And so that's a book that I would recommend right there for you as well. Now I want to show you this chat GBT prompt and how we can use this for your particular Webinar. Once you have your sales letter, your landing page created. I'm going to show you one for a client webinar, and how this would work out. Once you have this, you can actually use the chat GPT prompts right here, and we can say, Okay, here's our sales copy. I'm going to copy this, and then I'm going to go right here, and I'm going to say, take the following sales letter and create a webinar outline based calling. Calling now the webinar chat, GPT prompt you do, got to scroll down a little bit. Webinar outline. You're an expert webinar strategist. Instructions for the outline. You so

[284:27] Speaker 0: we're going to paste that at the bottom. So we pasted our sales letter at the top here create a webinar outline, and then we did you're an expert. Here's instructions for the outline of the webinar. So it take your sales letter, and then this prompt is gonna be able to take that and turn it into an outline for a webinar. Okay, let's see introduction, vision casting formally welcome attendees. Set a positive tone, personal story, address any pain points, cast vision for what's possible. Build credibility. Then go into practical teaching. Why traditional approaches don't work. Why? Most doctors advice hormone imbalances, their impact, practical tips for common symptoms, simple changes that produce lasting results, how to implement them, overcoming obstacles. And then the call to action. Summarize the webinar. Recap it. Introduce the next step. Present your program with confidence, explain it, address any common objections, clear enrollment instructions. All right, so throughout this and then post webinar follow up sequence as well. Key takeaways, all that, all right, so that's exactly what I do when we create our webinars. And what this is, is, this is an outline from that chat GBT prompt is it was able to actually go in and actually create us a lot of what our marketing is going to be, and the process of that, it gives us a nice outline. This is a great rough outline that I would follow for a webinar on that topic. And so again, you can take this chat GBT prompt right here. Copy it with your sales letter, webinar outline generator, and do that. Okay, I'm actually going to modify it just slightly based on what we just did here. So take the following I'm I'll

[316:48] Speaker 0: put that right there.

[317:41] Speaker 0: Excuse me,

[318:01] Speaker 0: and then insert the cells that are here. So we're actually gonna move this from the bottom up to the top. I'm. It, yeah, so you would just paste it right there in place of this. So you put your title there, you paste the sales letter there, and then it comes up with the outline based on this. And this is the exact outline that we talked about. You cast vision, you welcome people, personal story, dress any pain points, build credibility, practical strategies, recap key points, go over your offer. And so that's the structure that works really great. And so no matter what webinar you're mapping out using the chat GPT prompt like that is going to help quite a bit. You can go find that prompt document again over at my website. Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash, chat GPT, alright. So again, I love to see you take that and use that to create our webinars, and you can go study some of the webinars in the private vault archive. Now in the next lesson, we're actually going to go through. How do you actually deliver each of these segments? Because I'm sure you're like, wait a sec. Can you give me an outline? But what do I actually say? Stick around. It's next session. See, there you.

