Webinar Lesson 2_Part2
Date: 2025-01-14T19:28:28.000Z
Duration: 5 min
Otter ID: G70excDeRSWr04IBO9bQl8Y2Ev0
---

[0:14] Speaker 0: Uh, but what exactly is it that people need to be able to make sure that they show up? What do they need to hear? What needs to remind them about the thing that they signed up for? Oftentimes, people need to be reiterated about that thing. Now, mapping out your webinar is we again, we have a prompt in our chat, GPT prompt document that I put together right here. You can go find that over on my website that the chat GBT prompts right here. And this prompt helps us map out the webinar. So again, in all the different courses that we have, we go over building your landing page, building your funnels and those and those different types of things. This assumes that you have your landing page ready to go, but you're not necessarily have the content of what you're going to teach recorded. So if you have the landing page ready to go, you know what the topic is, you know what you're going to teach on this prompt can be really, really helpful for you. And listen, this is that's why the sequence of prompts right here is designed like this, the initial prompt, writing the sales copy, creating all of this. Once we have that, we can come up with, what is the topic for our webinar, what is the headline that we're going to use? And then we have the webinar outline generator. And I'm going to be teaching you, over the next couple of lessons, again, how this outline actually works. But this prompt is really, really valuable. I'm not going to go into the science behind it. We're gonna be talking about that in the next lesson, but I'm just gonna show you real quickly how this might work. I'm gonna take one of my sales pages, and we're gonna bring this into chat GPT right here. Okay, and then I'm gonna take that prompt, so I'm gonna paste the prompt right here. There's all this text right there, and then it says, insert sales letter here at the bottom. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go find the actual sales letter for the offer, which is right here. Okay, we're going to copy this and paste that right there. So now the AI is going to go to work to map out what it is that I'm actually teaching in the webinar, sharing the excitement of achieving consistent $30,000 months, sharing my struggle and journey, address the pain points, cast a vision for what's possible, what's possible for them. This is exactly how I would have you start a webinar out build credibility, and then what are the practical aspects, why traditional methods fail, why they're outdated. Crafting an irresistible offer. What are the words that get a client to say, yes, launching and scaling your business, implementing overcoming obstacles. What are the obstacles of fear, of putting yourself out there? Overwhelm resistance, the call to action, then, which is the call to action to our paid offer overall? So this is great because this allows you to map that out. Now there's something invaluable in our coaching program here that I've given you access to. And you may not realize the value of it until you're watching this right now, is I've actually given you access to watch through all of my past and previous webinars. The reason why is you want to learn and watch how somebody who's an expert like myself does webinars, how I host them, how I communicate. And so by watching some of my past webinars that are in here, you can really, truly learn that in the free webinars archive the private vault of webinars and challenges. You can go in here and you can see, what are those different webinars that we have done. You can go watch them. What are the different trainings from my Black Friday training, which essentially Listen, this was a training 23 minutes long, but it really was a webinar. It got clients for us in this Okay, in December, I had my hour and 25 minute webinar right here. This one also got us a lot of clients right there. In June. Let's see October. We have our evergreen one right here. Here's another evergreen webinar. Here's our June live one with a bonus Q and A main session. We did this live two hour webinar right there. That one also got us quite a few clients. Let's see launch low cost, high impact, and offer launch pad. This is a three day event right there. Get more paid membership, subscriptions and clients with Facebook ads. That's all right there. So these are different webinars, challenges that you can watch, that I have done, that have delivered results for us that you can bring into your business. Watch them. See how I, as an expert, host these and the results that they produce. So by watching through just some of the more recent ones that we've done, you can see what is the format, what is the cadence, what is the style, what is the structure. How do I show up with that, and how do I translate what you're going to learn here in this course, into my own webinars that I do so that's invaluable for you to go watch through that in the next lessons, we're going to break down again. What do you actually say in the training? I'll see you in the next lessons, we'll talk soon.

