Webinar Lesson 2_Part1
Date: 2025-01-14T19:28:49.000Z
Duration: 7 min
Otter ID: nbn4ud7zSGYth_MLH15qcqhQhsI
---

[0:12] Speaker 0: All right, so before we go into what you actually say in the content of your webinars, I would be remiss to not talk about figuring out what topic to teach on and getting people to actually show up. And I think that these are very important to talk about in this lesson is because these go hand in hand together. Knowing what topic that you're going to teach on oftentimes determines if people are going to show up or not. I can tell you, I've done some webinars I thought were going to be great, and very few people showed up to them at all. Very few people watched the recordings, even though I actually got a lot of registrations, and I can attribute that to the fact that, okay, the topic as relevant, as relevant as it was, it wasn't appealing, enticing enough for people to take action to listen to it. Here's an example of that. I can host a webinar on starting a coaching business. I can host one on running ads to grow your business. I'll get a ton of people who show up, but if I do a webinar on using webinars to grow your business, very few people, if I do one on the best funnel to grow your business, very few people will show up as much as people say they want to learn those things, they will often not take the time to actually show up to something like that. So that is one thing to consider is that sometimes a topic might be too boring, too generic, or too further along in the customer journey, meaning when it comes to funnels, when it comes to webinars, oftentimes people need to realize that they need a funnel, that using webinars is an advantage to them, and they're just more focused on the here and now, the shiny object like running Facebook ads or starting a business. And so because of this, we have to use what is the topic people will actually show up and listen to with? I would rather have more people show up to listen to me, that I can make a presentation to overall. And I find that to be be one of the more important things. Now, when it comes to actually getting people to show up. It is important to follow up with people with emails that you send out. It's important to make sure that when they register that you're sending a number of follow up emails reminding them of what they registered for, reminding them to to join on the day of and so we'll send emails out the day before the webinar. We'll send emails out the day of the webinar, 30 minutes before, if it's live, and after, if it's a pre recorded one, I'll send one thanking them for registering, and then for the next four days after, I'm going to send emails reminding them of what they registered for to go check it out. Now here's another advantage that can help people show up to your webinar. If you're finding that you're having trouble getting people to show up, making it a limited time offer. If it's a limited time offer, and there's a very limited amount of time that people have to actually watch the content, meaning it's kind of more like a rental that they're getting from you. You're kind of getting, giving them the ability to kind of rent access. They don't get lifetime access to the recordings or anything like that. There's a limited period of time that they can actually watch it. I'll tell you, this has, this goes a long way to encouraging hundreds more people of actually consuming or watching your content if you're sending something out like this, that's what we've found, is that if we really want to encourage a lot of people to watch a piece of content, I'm going to actually limit the amount of time they have to watch it. So then there's a little bit of FOMO Fear Of Missing Out from not watching it. So keep that in mind that those are some little tools and tactics that you can use. But more importantly, it's just, it's all about getting specific as far as what is the topic that you're going to be teaching on if you're hosting an event, we gotta think about this. It needs to be a straight shot, a beeline for your paid offer. So whenever we're building our business, we got these two offers. We got low cost or free offers. They can be free or low cost. And these are what build trust with people. These are what you're going to get a lot of registrations for. This is where one of the main initial touch points with people coming into your ecosystem is going to be okay. After that you want them to buy from you. And so you want whatever your webinars are, whatever your challenges are, whatever your VSLs are, whatever training video content that you're putting out there is needs to be a straight shot for the paid thing, the paid offer that you are promoting. So it needs to be very much related as the the obvious next step is going to be that. And so what I'll look at is, okay, here's our program, the the wealthy coach Academy here and and we actually, you know, we just renamed it that this past week, which is awesome. I'm excited about the new name. And a lot of people got a lot of great feedback from people. They're they're thankful about it, and they think it's really, really great. It really resonates. Um. Um, what I'll look at is, okay, what are we teaching in here? What's the main topics people are looking to engage with us on? Now I want to build my webinars and my trainings around what are the main things people really want to learn. You know, I'm finding a lot of the things that everybody keeps telling me they want to learn about lead generation. They want to learn about Instagram ads. So I'm going to be creating some new webinars about lead generation and Instagram ads. Focus in on creating your lead magnet, dialing in what's a six figure lead magnet, figuring out how to run six figure Facebook ads overall. And by doing that, I'm able to connect with the desires that my prospect has. Now is that the only topics that we talk about here in the coaching program, no, but those are great hooks, initially, to qualify the right type of person that I want listening to my presentations, to come in for something like that. Okay, now, when it comes to mapping out your webinar, we've actually have created a prompt in my chat, GPT prompt document that actually helps us do this, which is really, really cool. So inside of a lot of the other courses that we have in this program, we teach you how to create your landing pages, how to create sales copy, how to attract the right people to connect with you, to engage with you, to become your client, to join your programs, to come into your ecosystem, to come into your lead magnets and to join your email list overall. Okay, that's what almost everything that we have taught, from sales copy to funnel building landing pages, it's all about building an email list, nurturing that email list. And ultimately, you want to get people onto webinars, onto trainings, onto recorded video content, or live video content. Personally, I like doing recorded that is then broadcast live. I pre record it, and then I broadcast it live out to people, but some kind of video content that people can register for, and then that's what actually sells them on our programs. Okay, so what I'll what I look at is what is not just the topic that people want, but I.

