7 Figure Webinars - Lesson 4 
Date: 2025-01-27T11:40:45.000Z
Duration: 18 min
Otter ID: qJJfRmdZlTKawXFoifTRkbb5a0Y
---

[0:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. So now that we have it all mapped out, I want to talk about the delivery and recording or live delivery of your webinar or VSL. And again, I reiterate this number one thing that you can do is get into an excited state of mind. Get into a place where you are happy and excited to show up to talk to people. That's one of the things that I do when I deliver live, is I make sure that I am in the best headspace overall when I'm showing up on video. And it's something that I do even when I record these classes, this training right here, I'm in a great state of mind. I just found out my favorite football team is going to the Super Bowl again. So knowing that I'm like, on that high right there, then I'm like, this is a great time for me to go record this training about literally exactly what they need to do to record their webinars. So it's awesome with this again, we broke down like the the three parts and the three the structure of the webinar. Okay, I showed you the chat GBT prompt that you can use to map out your webinar. Now, when it comes to actual delivery, if you want to record it, zoom is actually one of the best ways to record it, just using Zoom. Record a zoom, meeting of you by yourself, and then you it has screen share included with it. You can show your self and everything that has really all the tools that you need. I've started to just do all mine in zoom. It's probably the best way to do it. Or you can use a tool like OBS. There is a course in our learning library called Pro video editing where I show you how to use OBS and all that for recording video and for editing your video content. So go check that out. That's not what this training is. If you want the more technical video editing side of things, the pro video editing course is gonna be the one you wanna check out for that. What you actually say when you start out, you wanna be excited. You want to be happy, and you want to introduce what you're going into. You want to reiterate to them what they signed up for. This is one of the first things that I love to do, is I always start out by reiterating what they signed up for. I reiterate the value and the outcome they're going to get. And then recently, there's a there's a change that I've added as of 2024 and 2025 and moving forward, I think it's got far more integrity attached to it. And this one's key is I give a sales pitch for my program immediately after talking about for a couple of minutes, the vision and the possibilities of what they're going to get out of the training, I actually tell them. And what's amazing is I literally right into it like this. What's amazing is I'm able to do this with all the people that I work with every single week inside of my coaching program, the wealthy coach Academy, and inside of my wealthy coach Academy, I'd love to see you in there, because it's the premier program you want to really like, own it, the fact that it's the best thing that they can sign up for, that you really want to see them in there, you talk about what you do with people, but we're not going into sales pitch mode. We're just talking about how excited we are for the fact that this program that people go into, that we'd love to see them go into, is the best thing that they can possibly do and the results that comes out of it. But we're not going to sell them anything about it. We're just going to be talking about how amazing it is for a little bit, and we're going to tell them, Listen, love to see you in there. One of the things that you can do if you got some bonuses, and I'd highly recommend that when you are selling your program, you have some bonuses. Bonuses could literally be a training that you recorded, or a course that you're able to give away for free, that they can keep, even just for registering for your program, something that they can keep forever. Okay, and so talk about, say, Listen, by the end of this training here today, you're going to have the blueprint and the tools. You're going to bring it right back to the vision that we talked about. So we we start out excited in the webinar, in the training, and then we go into what our program is and why it's amazing, and then we bring it right back to and so by the end of this training, you're going to have the blueprint and the tools to be able to get and then you reiterate XYZ promised result from your offer itself, that they actually signed up for. Okay? And so then you can talk about your story, how you got into doing this, and how you've helped other people as well. And again, I don't talk a lot about that, but I like to talk about those things, what, where I've come from, my track record, and how I've helped others. And then from here, I go into mindset and vision casting, and I start strategically coaching people through the mindset that they need to frame their mind around to be able to be successful. So this is one of the biggest things that I love to do. It's very important to do this in the opening segment of whatever your webinar or training is, because again, there's two things are going to happen. Number one, it's going to repel the people that are not a good fit for you, if they don't get lit up and excited like crazy about what you have to offer during this opening 30% of your training. Remember, we talked about the splits here. We got the opening 30% we have the middle 40% right here, and then we have the ending 30% right here. This is our vision casting. This is our excited opening. The middle portion, right here is going to be practical application. This is the promised content. This is the training. This is where we actually go into training. And then the last part, we sell. And we sell well, we sell in a powerful way. We sell in a confident way. And this is the splits, whether you're doing a VSL, whether you're doing a challenge, whether you're doing a live webinar where you're doing a pre recorded webinar, whatever, we split it up like that. So the vision casting part I'm going to talk also about mindset during this part right here, I'm going to go into mindset. And by doing this, by taking the opening 20 to 30% again, you don't need to say, be all rigid on the the splits, but the opening 20 to 30% by doing that, you are effectively going to do two things. Number one, you're going to like, draw in the people that are meant to be buyers from you. They're going to be like, lit up, drawn in and excited by it. They think it's amazing. You are also then going to repel, possibly nauseate, annoy and even upset, anger, piss off or disappoint. It's just, it's a natural human emotion. Let them feel those things. The people that are not meant to work with you, they will literally be so annoyed by the fact that you are so excited about what's possible, and you're not going into the training yet like it's, it's, it's really interesting how people manifest this. But it's okay, let them, let them do that. There's a great book, by the way, that I think, weirdly enough, I read this recently. It's called the let them theory, and it's a powerful, powerful book that I love. The reason I love this book, it's, it's, I'd highly recommend it. It's about letting other people just feel what they want to feel, think what they want to think, and then you do you, and you keep doing you as you're doing that. And that's this is this is no more evident and important than when you're creating your webinars, because your brain what's going to pull you out of being your best at your webinar is thinking about trying to manage, maintain and control what other people might think about you, how they might perceive you, the perceptions of you that they have in this scenario. Okay? And so with this, you can't let that suck you out of it. Okay? So I'll talk about mindset. I'll talk about not being afraid of what other people think, having a vision for where you're going. I'll talk about being able to see the fact that you can make six figures or whatever, transformation and outcome that I'm promising to people. We're going to reiterate it right here, and we're going to get them excited and lit up about that. Now, in the middle portion, right here, this is where I go into brass tacks. This is why, in a 90 minute training, I'm really only training for about 30 to 40 minutes in it. In the middle part, I'm selling in the end, in the last 30 minutes and the opening 20 to 30 minutes, I'm talking about just stuff to get them excited and lit up. Okay, if I'm doing a 30 minute webinar, I'm going to spend the first 10 minutes getting people excited. I'm going to spend the middle 10 to 15 minutes sharing the practical aspects. And so what I look at is is like, there's really only about because we have the split like this, a 90 minute webinar only has about 30 minutes of actual training. That's okay. A five day

[152:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: challenge also uses the same splits, and only the middle three days are the content. So again, you're like, oh, how am I going to come up with five days worth of content? If I do that, how am I going to come up with 90 minutes of content to share with people? Well, you're you're really not. You're only going to need to really come up with 30 minutes of content for a 90 minute webinar, for a 30 to 45 minute you're only going to have to come up with like, 10 to 15 minutes of training content. Yeah, and that makes it really easy to think about it that way, that that it's like, what it what can I share with people that's going to give them value that they're going to love? And think it's amazing during that middle 15 to 20 minutes of a 30 to 40 minute training, because the opening part, you're just reiterating what's on your sales copy. You're just reminding them of the mindset and the belief process in what's possible for them without even showing them how it's going to happen. You're, you're leading up to promising them that you're going to show them how it's going to happen. But this right here is just you're you're getting hyped up about it in this opening part right here. So that right there is very easy to do. If you believe in what you're doing, like that will come out of you. Use your sales letter as a guide for that. And then again, the last part selling. I just take whatever I'm selling, whatever course that I'm selling, whatever program that I'm selling, and I just read the sales letter. I just go straight down the sales letter, the page that I that I'm using. So for instance, if I'm if I'm offering something right here for my wealthy coach Academy right here. I'm literally going to open up this page, screen, share it, and scroll down the page and read it with them on camera, which is awesome. By reading it with them on camera, I'm able to a, control the narrative and B, I'm able to walk them through why it is so valuable and amazing, and why they should become a part of it. I should. I read them the testimonies with me. I show them all the bonuses, everything, and I just literally go down the page. And so when I'm selling and I'm going to, I'm going to do another training. I'm going to do, I'm going to split this into two parts here, the sales portion right here, though, is where, like it's it's not super complicated, it's not hypey, but you are direct with people about the fact that, hey, there's something of value here for you to buy into. And so in an arm, in my mind, I think about it in like two modalities that I'm going to be

[200:07] Speaker 1: in, in the in these two parts right here.

[201:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm whimsical, whimsical. Happy, joyful. Now I'm still going to be joyful over here, but this is a lot more methodical. This is going to be a lot more logical, because what we're doing right here is we are attaching to their emotional decision making over here, if somebody gets through this much of your webinar, which most people won't even get through half of it, they'll log off, they will and they'll never watch anything from you again. That's a lot of people who register for your webinars, and you can't let that get you bent out of shape, because that's normal. If somebody's going to watch through this, they are going to be a qualified buyer, and so you've already tapped into their heart and their emotions. And everybody purchases based on emotion. Everybody purchases based on feeling and the vibe they get, and the fact that, oh, wow, this vibe is exactly what I needed to feel in this moment to be able to make that decision. Okay, so this is very vibey right here. This is a lot more logical. Okay, it's logical because of the fact that what we're doing is we're reading through the page, and I'm being very direct. I'm not letting any emotions get into it, because if I let my emotions get into it, I'm going to try to convince them that it's what they need to do. And we don't want to do that. We don't want to convince anybody. So I literally will shift my energy just a little bit when I go into this last part right here. And some of you that might watch me do it, you'll notice it is that I will go into being very direct, very authoritative in my tone, very much commanding, telling them you need to join this. This is exactly what's going to get you, the results that you want. And I'm making a big promise to them. And when you can do that, when you when you start out excited, whimsical, tapping into the emotional centers of somebody's belief system. You're you're shaping their beliefs about you, your product, your program, the fact that it's going to work for them. Then in the last part, because they've already, they're already at a level and. Nine or 10 and believing in you, your product, your company, the transformation that you offer, you've demonstrated it to them. If they're watching this last part, they're ready to buy. And that's really cool. That's really awesome is that is that I'm very confident that they are ready to buy. So I'm not going to hold anything back. I'm not going to say, Well, I hope you'd want to buy something. I hope you be interested. I hope maybe, no, I'm I'm direct with them, and that's what you want to be. You want to be very direct about what you have for sale during that part. You don't want to be second guessing it. You want to just assume, make the assumption that anybody who's watching that last part is going to give you their credit card. That's it. That's all I do. I assume anybody watching that last part, they're going to give me their credit card. Now, I start out in the beginning that anybody who's watching the entire thing is going to give me their credit card pretty much. And that's a mindset to get into that, that it's gonna work. They're gonna buy it from me, and people are gonna love it because they love me, and they love listening to me. And the fact is is not everybody. You're not gonna please everybody. But if you come to the table with the energy that everybody's gonna like this, and you start to believe that inside of you, it's gonna come out a lot better when you make your actual recording. It's not rocket science. I think often times we build it up way too much in our mind about what we need to do, what we need to say, and how we need to say it, when, in fact, it's just about showing up and doing the work. I find that for me, because I create so many different webinars, I focus on getting my sales copy done and ready to go, and then I record the webinar, and then I create the emails based on the webinar itself. I'll take the transcript of the webinar and upgrade that, and I find one of the best things that I can do is I can just press record now sometimes. And what I've done now that I've hired a video editor, you can find video editors on online jobs.ph, or Fiverr. There's a course in the intermediate courses all about outsourcing in your business, how to fire people, how to create job listings, and that can be very helpful for you. What I'll do is I will actually record and I'll record it in chunks and segments. If it's a pre recorded thing, and people know that it's pre recorded, I don't need to do it all in one session, so I'll be in my best energy, excited. I'll press record. I'll stop it, I'll think about what I'm going to say next. I press record again. I'll stop it. I'll think about what I'm going to say next. And I found that when I do that and edit it together, it actually comes out a lot better. There's a lot of power behind what I'm going to be saying, which is really, really cool. Okay, so those are my tips right there for actually recording the webinar, the training, the VSL, it's not that hard. It might seem hard right now, it's going to get easier. If you take action and do the work, it's going to get easier the more often you do it. And it's going to be worth it in the end. Promise you that. Alright, I'll see you in the next lesson. You.

