Instagram Ads Webinar
Date: 2025-10-19T08:02:18.000Z
Duration: 42 min
Otter ID: hG0EQbfqSsBPisBr6iWtTlRBQbU
---

[0:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey there. Good afternoon, and welcome to this training all about Instagram ads and what's working right now in 2025 this is brand new, updated what we're using right now with our clients to scale their businesses to multiple, six and seven figures. Now, for those of you that I have not met yet, just briefly, I've been in the online marketing, coaching, mentoring space, helping people scale their businesses, get more leads and clients. For the last 22 years, that's what I've done exclusively. I've actually been at this for longer than most of the gurus that are out there that have been teaching this, but I've been behind the scenes, working with companies in the trenches doing this, and only till recently, I've actually started marketing my own programs, and so that's why maybe you've not heard of me before, but it's a pleasure to meet you here today, and I want to walk you through right now what we're using and what we're doing in our business and with our clients. Businesses to use Instagram ads to get more clients, to get more leads, to get more sales to our programs, if you are a coach, mentor trainer, you have a course, you have a group coaching program, you have a one on one coaching program. This is for you. Okay, so it's the first thing I want to share with you. If you don't fit into that category, this is not for you. And to be honest, you're not going to get a lot out of this training because it's specifically designed for somebody who is in one of those industries to get results. Okay, so I just wanted to not waste your time at the beginning of this by making sure that I'm talking to the right people here. If you've ever tried to build your business online using advertising, you know, number one, it can be expensive. You can lose a lot of money really fast if you're not careful. And it might not work. It might be hit or miss, and unfortunately, that's what I hear from a lot of people. And then you go out there, you buy a course, you listen to people telling you what to do, how to do it, and it doesn't work. So I want to solve that here today by giving you the nuts and bolts of what's working right now and what you can do to be able to get results with Instagram ads. Instagram is a completely different platform, that it's not new, but the way that it markets is different than Facebook, and here's why. So on Facebook, when you're scrolling, on Facebook, you have the newsfeed, and you have different channels that we go into and we're scrolling, and there's different types of posts, from text to videos, to photos on Instagram, it's a completely different algorithm. It's if you've been on Instagram, it's video content. It's a lot of video content, but a lot of times people listen to the platform muted. They don't have the sound turned on. And so that's one of the keys that we want to pay attention to is the behavior on the platform, on Instagram is different, and that's why it actually allows us to get more people much easier and cheaper by using these new form of ads. The type of ads that we're using are much different than we have been in the past, and we've gotten light years ahead of the results that we were getting prior to using these types of ads. Now we are still using some of the older kind of ads. I'm going to share with you the two types of Instagram ads that we use. And then what do we actually lead and direct people to to be able to get the sales that they want in their business? The beautiful part about Instagram ads is you don't need to have super fancy cameras. You don't need to have crazy technology. It thrives on authenticity. And what is simple, what can you do simply that's not going to take a lot of effort. And then when we bring AI into the equation, it just lights the whole thing on fire. The process that we use to getting results with our Instagram is this, in your business, you need to have two types of offers. The first type of offer is going to be your paid offer, and this is what a lot of people are sending their clients to. They're trying to get people to buy into their group coaching programs, to book a call with them for one on one coaching and they're struggling to get people to purchase for one reason and one reason only, there's a lack of trust that's built. And on the flip side, since covid 19 happened, something drastically changed in the industry. A ton of people decided that they had what it took to work from home and to become a coach and a mentor. And then everybody started creating courses. Everybody started creating webinars. Everybody started marketing online. So what we have is we have a convergence of two really unfortunate events, a lot of supply, a lot of demand, but limited amounts of trust and skill. And so if you are a true expert that knows what you're doing, you have an unfair advantage from anybody else who's out there. Now, I will say this, there are people who have just gotten started. Maybe you don't have a bunch of testimonies, you don't have a bunch of case studies, that's okay. But if you've been doing what you do, and you know how to do it, and you know how to get results for people, that's the most important thing to get your client. Clients, results. I preach this all the time. The only reason why I'm here today is to get you results, and that's the only reason why you should be marketing as well online. If you're somebody who's just trying to make a little bit of money increase your income, listen, I appreciate that, and I think that that's great, but go trade some cryptocurrency if you're going to do that, if you want to make an impact on people's lives. That's what this is about, and that's what I want to be showing you, is how to truly leave a legacy with your business, by finding new people that you can work with, by building trust with the right people who are those people, the people that you can deliver results to. And so the way that we do that is, we create free or low cost. So when I say low cost, this can be anywhere from five to $7 and sometimes it goes up from there, it can be 27 $97 but something that's at least under 100 bucks. A lot of the coaches and mentors that I meet are trying to send people over here to their course, to their coaching program, or they're under charging for this program. So this needs to be at least $497 or I would recommend even being as high as 997

[100:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: to $2,000 and this is what we call a mid tier, mid ticket signature program inside of my wealthy coach Academy, that's where I work with my clients, to be able to get them results. I come alongside them. I walk them through everything that it takes to be able to create their ads, to create their landing pages, to create their offers and to build all of this out. And I charge $200 a month or $2,000 a year for people who join that program, your ads won't be profitable unless you charge at least this much for your signature program. So I want you to think about that, and then you market to build trust with people with a low cost or free offer. So what you're finding right here right now, this is one of my low cost or free offers. This is a free training that I'm bringing to you to be able to connect, meet some new people that I've not met yet, to share some value, to show you and demonstrate that I know what I'm talking about, and hopefully build that trust with you so that now or in the future, you become a client and work with me. That's my goal. That's my goal of doing this here today. And by the way, by the end of this training, I have something incredible that I want to actually give away to you when you listen all the way through to the end of this there is a free gift that is just going to blow your socks off that I can't wait to share with you. So what we do is we use AI like chat GPT to be able to help us brainstorm, what are we going to put in our free or low cost offer by figuring out what are the desires of the people that we're wanting to reach, what is something that the person who's going to buy into our signature program that they really, really, really want to learn. And we go to work by using the AI to help us brainstorm and come up with those ideas. After we do that, we go and we create very simple landing pages that they can sign up for to give us their name and email address. A very simple landing page might look something like this one right here. This is a training that we did a while back on Facebook ads. Get more clients with Facebook ads look similar to the one that you use to sign up for this training. Start attracting new clients right here. And then it has testimonies on it. Again, you don't need testimonies, but this is a very simple page that people sign up with their name and email address, and then it sends them a video like the one that you're watching right now, that they can get access to, and in that video presentation is where you get to build trust with the person, whether if they are a stranger on the internet, somebody that you met through an Instagram ad or a Facebook ad, or they came through your social media, through some form, onto your email list, And then you're able to use that video to build trust in somebody about you, your product, your service, the transformation and result that you want to deliver to people. The only reason why anybody buys from you your coaching is this that they trust that you, your program, your company and your transformation, that you can deliver the results that you promise will actually work for them. That's the only reason why people become clients of our programs. And so by using this free or low cost offer, you're able to direct people to your paid program, by building trust with them in the value that you have to deliver the results and the transformation that you have. And that's exactly what I work with my clients in my wealthy coach Academy to do every single week, where I'm going over their offers with them, where I'm helping them, dial them in, tweak them and make sure that they're actually converting. This is the number one area that people come to me for to work with them, is to make sure that these. Offers are converting. The only reason why people's Instagram ads or Facebook ads aren't working, it's not because of the targeting. It's not because the ad is wrong either. In fact, most people's ads are actually pretty good, but it's because the offer is not set up right, and it's not aligned with who the right person is by speaking in the right way with the prospect, I meet a lot of great coaches, where they have great frameworks, they have great processes, but their messaging is off. And when their messaging is off, it's not that their message or their coaching is wrong, but it's how they're explaining it to people in their offer. They're talking about the features, they're talking about the results that they're going to deliver. They're talking about all the stuff that people are going to get out of it. And while that stuff is amazing, people make the decision to buy from you based on emotion. And so inside of my wealthy coach Academy, that's exactly what I work with people through, is dialing those in and making sure that they get results with those. Now let's go over to the Instagram ads. What makes an Instagram ad work, and how do you actually set those up the right way to get the results that you want. When it comes to targeting your Instagram ads, there's really only two things that matter the most with this, and this has changed since meta launched their meta AI division. They brought artificial intelligence into the game, and so now it uses AI to decide, who do we show our offers to? Gone are the days of having to pull all these levers inside of the ads manager to get your ad to send to the right people, when you can rely on the AI to actually show it to those people. And that's why, when you can dial in your offer and the messaging to the right people, not a general offer that's trying to cast a wide net, but something that's very specific to a very specific need that somebody has, the algorithm will then show your ad to the right person, and then you can boost that and send it to more and more people. Now I wouldn't recommend that you actually click the boost Add button. I just want to preface that by saying that using the ads manager is still the best way to run your ads, and I have trainings where I walk you through exactly how to use that inside of our program. Now I want to show you the type of ads that's working really well. There's really just two types of ads that are working well on Instagram, and it's going to be in the form of video. Number one is this, which is a talking head style. You want to have some kind of a captions going on here, but you want to have a call to action where people can leave a word in the post, like comment, the word start to get started, and it will send them a link using a tool like many chat to be able to send them a link to your offer. So the idea is you get people to leave you a comment, and then it sends them that link. Now the other way that's working really well. Is this one right here. Let me go pull this up. Is this style where the video has music behind it and you have text over the video. The text is telling some kind of a catchy hook, a punchy hook, something about the result that you're going to deliver, and then it's calling people to action to learn how to use that. So this, again, is the type of ad that is working really, really well on Instagram, because it can loop really well. The algorithm really likes it, and people are reading because their phones are muted. So those are the two types. And in fact, we're leaning more towards this type of ad more than anything else you want to have some kind of a video behind it. See, this is me. I'm sitting at my swimming pool. I'm walking forward so that there's a lot of info that's going on there. It shows

[216:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm happy. It shows the swimming pool is this idea of wealth behind me. And then there's this text that is drawing people into the narrative, making $25,000 a month. Say goodbye to burnout and hello to a real system. Now here's a client that we worked with as well. We work exclusively with this client for all their marketing, and they use this to generate 1000s of leads with the same process. I have a free gift for you. Three part series. Sandy is sitting here on this chair, and it's talking about, what's the free gift? It talks about why they need it, and then it has a call to action, to comment the word of health, to get that gift. And when they comment, there's an automated message that's sent back to them again using many chat, which is very simple to set up. Many chat is really easy to set up, and that's what I love about it, is how simple and easy it is. I'm going to show you real quick how easy that is right now. And so in this they're able to comment, and it sends them this, and then immediately they receive a message in their inbox with the thing that they commented for, with the thing that they asked for, and so it sends them a link to be able to go download it. That's how this works. Again, we did the same thing here. It's a talking head style which has certain statistics connected to it, and then the comment is the word webinar. This then sends somebody to an office. Offer that they're able to sign up for the word webinar right here. Okay, so if somebody types in the word webinar, it's going to send them this watch. I'm going to show you what happens if I type in the word webinar, I'm going to comment the word webinar, I'm going to get commented back to and then if I go over to my messages, I have a message right here from Sandy sent an attachment, get registered right here. Here's the link to register, and then it clicks here to go over to her site to go register for this webinar. And then this gives them instant access to the training that they are looking for. So that's the process that we're finding is working really, really well more than anything else, when it comes to creating ads. And then one of the beautiful things that we get to do is we can actually use AI to help us generate, what's that text that goes in there. We use AI to help us generate what's the text that goes in the ad itself. And so you don't have to work hard. You can work smarter to be able to come up with what are those things that you actually say that get those ads to work now, inside of many chat to set this up, very simple. They have a lot of great templates that you can use, auto DM, link from comments. This is the one that we're using right here, where you literally just go set this template up. You get to select, okay, which post do we want it to do that? Which post do we want to send it to? What's the word that we want people to use when they leave a comment? Let's say that they were use the word goo goo Gaga. Okay, just anything you can do if somebody types in the word goo Gaga. Now I can have this opening message that's going to be sent to them, and it can send a link to them after this. And so that's how simple it is to set up. That's how easy it is to be able to set up these types of Instagram ads where people can actually comment to you and then be able to receive back that thing that they asked for, and when we promote this with the ad, we're able to target the right people to be able to get them to become our leads and clients in our programs. Now another thing that you can do is, since they're already in your DMS, you can actually send a message back, and you can even connect with them further to find out more of what do they want, what are they trying to accomplish? You can even hire a VA that's very low cost to be able to help you do this for you, though it's not required in our system and what I mentor my clients how to do, most of our clients aren't even using that. I'm not even using that in my business. You don't get a VA that's trying to sell you in our DMS, because we use the video presentations to be able to do that, what we send you afterwards is what actually connects with people. So to recap, for targeting your offer, it's all about getting the AI inside of the Instagram ads and Facebook Ads Manager to show your ad to the right people by having your offer aligned with who is that person? What is their desire? What are they wanting? And then you put that out there, and the algorithm uses its AI to go find those people for you, and this is what brings our costs down to where we've been able to get leads for less than $1 and scale those into multiple six and seven figure coaching offers Gone are the days of throwing spaghetti at the wall and hoping that it sticks and hoping that it lands on the right people now, with the AI, it's a lot more intelligent than it's ever been. And the cost of ads, because a lot of people are not running ads right now, is a lot less people today running ads than were even a year ago. And so you're able to get the best cost on ads that we've been testing right now by using this, and then the Instagram vertical, by using Instagram, the way that we just showed you, is way cheaper because the algorithm is more laser focused in on who those people are, because it knows how to find them, and it knows who to send your way. And so what it all boils down to is having an offer that connects with the right people, that's aligned with what their desires are, that can build that trust. Once you get people into your offer onto your email list, then you are able to use that to close more sales and to get more clients. Now real quickly, I just want to show you how you can use AI to actually come up with what you actually put in the ad. If I screenshot this real quick here on my computer, I can actually copy this over to chat GPT, and I can say I want to create a new Instagram ad for a new offer promoting this menopause webinar. Use the screenshot below as a template for the type of text I want to put in the video. Okay, I'm going to paste the screenshot into here, right into this. We're going to go back, go grab the screenshot. Okay, put that right there, and then what we're going to do is we're going to go grab this menopause webinar. We're going to copy our sales letter, we're going to copy the text from the offer, and we're going to paste that below. So now it's going to take the text from this right here, and it's going to be able to take this text that I screenshotted, plus the text from this. Menopause offer. So these are two completely unrelated offers, and the AI is able to actually go to work to be able to help generate for us what the text is that goes in the ad. Finally, real answers for women struggling with menopause, tired of hot flashes, night sweats, mood swings, access my limited time webinar to regain control of your body. Say goodbye to 3am wake ups, I know what it's like. I've been there. Discover why. 95% of doctors outdated. Click for instant access, or comment menopause below to get access. So the AI is able to help you generate, okay, what do I actually say and put in the ad? Now what I can do is I can also take some of this text from the ad right here, and I can say, here's some some text in our ad. Whoops. Okay, take the following text and rewrite it for the menopause offer above. Okay, so we're going to take that text this one's all about for coaches, but we're going to have the AI rewrite that text for this menopause offer that we want to try out. And this is how I use AI constantly to create ads. As I look at what are ads that are running, that I've ran before, that have ran, and then I use the AI to rewrite it for the different offers that we're creating on your social media. You can find a number of different ads all the time online on social media. If you go over to Instagram, if you go over to Facebook, and you scroll the newsfeed, you will find ads that are running from people, just like, here's an ad right here, very simple ad, very short. I could take this text from this ad right here, and I could say, Okay, now rewrite me the following text below for the menopause offer, but use the same structure. Okay? This is a little bit shorter. Let's take use this and write some ads copy. Let's take this style of an ad that's already running, that's already proven, that's already ready to scale, and then we can do this get ready for the menopause mastery challenge just around the corner. Let's work together to create a breakthrough plan for Okay, so that might not be exactly what we're looking for. This is where I might say now, now rewrite it in the tone of the audience we're trying to promote for the menopause webinar mentioned above.

[357:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so we're going to tell it to tell it to rewrite it because it didn't necessarily actually make it the way that we wanted it to. So we're going to have it rewrite it in the tone that we actually want it to. And this is how I use AI constantly to be able to get the kind of results that I want out of it. This way, get ready for the menopause mastery challenge. Get ready to work together on an empowering plan to conquer hot flashes, restless, nice, a plan to bring back your energy that puts you in control of your health. Your health. It's time to reclaim your body and thrive through menopause. All right, so that's great, and those are some of the ways that we use AI to be able to come up with, what do we say in our ad? How do we say it? We can use the AI to come up with what do we put on our landing page, what do we put on our sales copy and all of that, and that's what I work with you through inside of my wealthy coach Academy program, you don't have to try to figure out how to do all of this on your own. You don't have to do the trial and error, which, honestly, I see a lot of people who try to do that, they still struggle because they don't have the expert guidance of somebody like myself in their corner, coming alongside them and working with them through exactly what works and what doesn't. And so what I want to do is this is I want to invite you to try out my wealthy coach Academy program, the premier mastermind program that I've put together, where I work with you to get six and seven figure success, and I want you to try it out, risk free, at no cost. There's no entry level cost. You don't have to pay anything today for 14 days, if you're watching this right now, you qualify to get this 14 day trial of my wealthy coach Academy program. And if that wasn't enough, I've also thrown in an instant coupon code when you sign up today, that will give you $120 off your first month with us, the normal costs $197 a month, but it'll take $120 off of that for your first month. So it's only $77 after the 14 days. If you want to sign up for our four month package, this will take $120 off of that four month package as well. So you get a massive amount of savings by doing that. And I'm also throwing in one of our best courses, absolutely free. That's yours to keep just for trying the program out for 14 days. So you get 14 days to put my system to the test, to come on all of our coaching calls to get all your questions answered, to have me work with you on your offers, your landing pages, your sales copy, what works your ads, what's going to get the results for you? You get the free course as well. That's yours to keep just for trying it out. This is mind blowing, and it's mind. Honor and my gift to bring this to you here exclusively today for the next three days, just for watching this training. Okay, and so when you go check this out, you can go read about it here on this page, I am committed to helping you reach the results that you want, to get you unstuck, to help you make six figures and beyond in your business. I want to ask you this, are you ready to step into a new level of financial abundance in your life? Are you ready to start seeing the results that you want, that you have expected from other programs that are out there? Listen, I know there's a lot of different coaching programs out there that claim to be able to do what we're doing, what makes us different? We constantly hear from our clients that they've tried other programs before, they've tried this program and that program, and it didn't quite get them results. And then within weeks of being in our program, they were able to know exactly what to do, exactly how to take action, and they got the result that they not only expected, but above and beyond, like our client, Karen, who came in, she was just like that, where she came in to other programs and was wondering, is this going to work for me? And within a week, was able to get hundreds of brand new buyer leads in her business. Or like Ben, he came in and was able to make over $12,000 just trying out our system after going through multiple other programs trying to get leads, it wasn't working. He used what we teach and what we show you inside the wealthy coach Academy to get multiple six figures in results for him in his business. And so as a part of this, what you get, not only do you get the program, not only do you get the coaching calls, but we have a library of courses, and we have our total online six figure roadmap. This is the flagship course that you get access to that gives you the start to finish aspects, whether you're just starting brand new in a business, or you've been in the coaching industry for a while, this is going to be your roadmap to creating that irresistible offer that's going to get more clients for you than you could possibly imagine. It goes through the three steps that I teach, finding your ideal client. That's the most important part. That's what we do with the ads. Then promoting your offer, getting them to sign up, and, most importantly, closing the sale, getting people to give you their credit card in exchange for the value that you are going to deliver. And that's what the beauty of this program is, is it's about getting you results. It's about you becoming wealthy. It's about you becoming successful financially in your business, I wouldn't be able to do this if I didn't know that this was going to work for you. Inside the program, we give you step by step guidance of exactly what to do, how to do it, what not to do, and it's very simple, easy to follow. Every course has checklists as a summary of everything that you need to go through. I'm going to show you, in fact, our members area right here. When you log into our members area to access the courses, you can see this right here. We have our learning library. We have our start here courses. I'm gonna go right here, out of the Start Here courses, and I'm gonna show you this. We have our jumpstart training that's gonna help you get started quickly. But this is every course has an introduction lesson where it gives you a summary of what the course is about. So this allows you to flip through and find which ones are best, that'll work best for you. Then Each lesson contains a checklist of what are the action steps that you need to take. Not only that, you get a summary of each lesson and you get the unedited transcript of every lesson. The beauty of the transcript is you could take this transcript into your AI systems and ask questions of the AI about the lesson that you just took with me, so it's able to actually get your questions answered by using what I teach and AI to work simultaneously. That's one of the things I encourage people to do in there. So in our members area, it's broken down into six stages. We have the Start Here section. We have our weekly group coaching calls. This says monthly. It's weekly. They are weekly every single week. We meet on Mondays at 1pm Central Time. We meet every week to work with you, to guide you, to direct you, to show you. What does it take to get the results? What do you need to do? What are you stuck on? What do you need help with? This is where you can get your questions answered. You have our webinars, archive, our beginner courses, intermediate and learning library, a number of trainings that will help you get the results that you want. There's no stone unturned, nothing that is left behind in this and you can find this out by trying the program out. Not only that, but we also have our Facebook community. Inside of the Facebook community, this is where you get your questions answered.

[475:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: 24/7 not if you can't join one of the live coaching calls, you can watch the recordings, and then you can post your questions here inside of the Facebook group to get those questions answered quickly and easily, to be able to get the results that you want, those results that you're looking for, you want me to look over your sales. Sales letter. You want me to look at your ads. You want me to look at your offer. You can go post this in here, and our community as well is thriving and able to also give input with you. These are people that are trained just like you inside of our program to work with you. Inside of our program, you get access to me. I don't outsource to other coaches to coach you. I'm the one in there working with you personally through everything. But what's amazing is because we have a number of other coaches that we teach in our program. They're like you, other mentors and trainers, because they've gone through the training, because they might have already gone through the stuff that you're dealing with. They have valuable insight that they can share as well inside of this community, we give you access for your entire team as well. If you're wanting to outsource or train a team members. This is training that you can use to give to your team members so they know what to do to be able to build your business with you. We also give you a growing list of service providers that can actually do marketing services for you that you can outsource to. We have pop up trainings, our daily interactions inside of our program, our weekly coaching calls, our live copywriting and ad rewrites. We have our content vault, we have our trainings vault, and our weekly calls that happen. Plus, this is the course that we're giving you for free. When you jump in today, you get to try this out for 14 days. I'm also giving you my exclusive seven figure Squarespace funnel building course. So we like to use Squarespace because it is the simplest, most cost effective and easiest to use platform for building funnels and landing pages. All of our funnels landing pages are built on Squarespace, and we just updated this for 2025 for what is working in Squarespace that you can use to get your offers built, to get landing pages to built to attract those clients. We have trainings that walk you through everything that you need to do, step by step to be able to build out your offers, to build out your landing pages, to set up your ads, and everything in between. And you can read about the different courses that we have on here, from our evergreen marketing funnel secrets course to our audience, building course Instagram ads Made Easy, a flagship Instagram ads course that I actually put together in here, sales, letter and landing page copywriting made easy with AI. Facebook ads, basics for newbies, six steps to six figures, five minute Content Creation Blueprint, successful webinars and challenges writing seven figure email campaigns. I could go on and on on about the different courses that are in here, but I'm going to save you that you can go read about them here on this page. I believe that this program is the best program that's out there that does what it does, because I have committed to putting the best information in there for you, I've committed to putting exactly what you need to get results fast. And one of the bonuses that you get as a part of this is our Fast Start Training. This is a fast start training that's going to get you up to speed quickly to know exactly what to do, to get the most out of the program, to know exactly where to go. I'm going to walk you through step by step, how to bring your offer into our program, how to get onboarded with, what to do with, what steps to take that way you're not left wondering, Okay, I just joined this program. Now what's next? This Fast Start Training is going to walk you through that, and you get the recordings from our exclusive offer Launchpad masterminds. We did multiple offer Launchpad masterminds over the last couple of years, and you're going to get those recordings, as well as an added bonus as a part of this, as well as that Squarespace funnel building. Course, you can read the testimonies from our clients that are on here, like Rick Pino, who are we were able to actually bring this system and help him generate eight figures in profit, over a million dollars a month in his business. And he says, I can't recommend him higher. Or like Joshua Giles, where I coach Joshua to scale to a seven figure coaching business from scratch to be able to do this. Or sandy Krakowski, this is our client that has this webinar that we showed you right here. Sandy Krakowski over here, she talks about helping her build a nine figure business, working with her to develop nine figures in profit, and we were able to do that with her. Kim Wright was able to launch her offer and generate over $20,000 in sales in a real estate offer, even in a down market. Ian Carroll was able to make $40,000 a month in his coaching business. Using this, Dr shandeep was able to make $12,000 in his business. Using this, running some simple ads, Judy was able to make $37,000 a month. And Judy is still a part of our program. I love working with her. I saw her face last week, and she's thriving and making money every single month in her business. Dr Bobby, he was able to gross $12,000 profit in his campaign. Emma Dixon, she's another one of our favorite students that's in here, she was able to make over $10,000 in revenue in her business. VO Viet Duke was able to make $15,000 in sales. Nathan Fisher was able to make six figures monthly with his classes. Is the list goes on and on and on of clients that we've been able to help and work with to be able to get results in their business. The way that our program works is unique, is it's split into these four pillars. Number one, if you don't know exactly what niche to mentor people on, we're gonna help you find it. We're gonna help you know exactly what is profitable and marketable for you, using ADS, using what is the right campaigns? What's the right topic to use? We're going to help you write your sales copy. What are the words that you use? What is those that messaging that gets more clients, then from there, we're going to help you to optimize your ads, your content, your funnels, what do you say? How do you say it to get more clients and then ultimately, to master the skill of selling in your business, being able to sell and become the best, most ethical, highly sought after salesperson that people want to work with they're literally begging you to become your clients. That's what happens with our clients inside of our program. People literally are begging to work with them because of what we show them how to do inside of our program. What this is going to do is it's going to take you from having complicated messaging that doesn't convert to be able to have persuasive messaging. You're going to be able to go from low impact, just a few people coming into your program to having massive impact. And you're going to be able to go from sporadic income, just a few clients here and there, to consistency, consistent cash flow. And what that creates for you is

[587:01] Speaker 1: financial and time

[588:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: freedom

[588:27] Speaker 1: and those are

[588:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: the most important things for you. I don't believe in burning yourself out, burning the candle at both ends to build your business. I believe in true financial and time freedom for you, the ability to decide when you work, when you show up, how you want to build your business, who you want to build it with, whether you want to work today or not. You don't have to. And in our system, we show you how to build recurring revenue, a recurring income stream for your coaching in a group coaching program with a membership where people can pay you monthly, and if you don't work one month, you still get paid by doing that. That's what our program is about. Doing is about you no longer trading dollars for hours in your business, but you truly becoming an entrepreneur that's able to make real money, consistent money, without struggling, without striving, without burning yourself out to do so. You know, I see so many mentors and coaches having to burn themselves out to build their business. And what we show you is a true evergreen process that doesn't require you to have to be on call 24/7 that doesn't have to require you to have to do all of this stuff that takes a lot of time, where you can just show up when you want to, and you get your clients results. And what's amazing is you're actually seeing an example of how we do that right now. This training right here. This is part of our evergreen marketing system that's very simple, very easy to set up, uses very easy tech tools that you can use to get more clients in your business. And so I want to encourage you to jump into our wealthy coach Academy program. What separates us from other programs? Listen, we're not just theory based. We give you concrete examples of what works. We don't just give you a little support. We hold your hand through the entire process of building your irresistible offer, showing you how to use all the technology, all the training, what to do, how to do it. We give you a process on how to pre sell your program so that you don't have to waste time building a bunch of stuff that doesn't work. This is the right way to do it. This is the right way that gets results. You get weekly coaching with me, personally, working with me directly to get you results. We have complete answers to any question. You have trainings on any piece of technology, from sales, marketing, lead generation and more and are unheard of, no strings attached, absolutely free trial to try our program out to see the difference that it makes for you. Listen, I believe that together, that we can help you create real money and results. I'm going to give it 110% will you give me a chance to do so as well? I'd love to see you on our next live coaching call inside of our mastermind. So again, how do you jump in? We got three days to do so to get those bonuses, and it's completely free. You go here to the bottom of the page, you click on free trial right here to sign up once you click on this link list here, I'm going to show I'm going to open up an incognito window so you can see this. It's going to take you to this page right here, free trial due today, $0 and it's $197 a month, but we're going to take $120 off your first month, so the first. Month is going to only be 77 bucks, and it'll be $197 after that, you can cancel anytime you want. There's no limits to that. There's no obligation. You're not obligated to stick with us. There's no commitment whatsoever. But I believe, listen our clients to actually stick with us for years. We have people that have stuck with us for years. Why? Because they're consistently getting results by being a part of our program. They're consistently seeing the results come in for them. They're consistently seeing the changes that are happening in their life, in their income and their revenue by being a part of this program and actually growing every single week inside of this. This is not just a marketing program, but this goes beyond and deeper into all of the aspects of building a successful business, of being a successful multi millionaire or six figure business owner, if that's what you want to do, you can also jump in with our four month plan. And this is basically you pay for four months in advance, and every four months it'll bill you on that $677 you'll save $111 off of the monthly plan by doing this. And here's the beautiful part about it. We've also attached the coupon code to this as well. So it'll take $120 off your first four months. It's only 540 $557 here today. I believe that for those of you that decide to jump in here today with us, that today is the first day of the rest of your life, and everything changing for the better for you. I truly believe that those of you that are willing to commit to taking this leap, and you're not going to procrastinate, you're not going to wait until another time or later to do this, but you're going to decide right now, you know what, I'm going to commit I'm going to commit to my goals. I'm going to commit to taking action. I'm going to commit to commit to learning this thing, and I'm going to commit to testing Jeremiah out to see, can I make this work? I know that you can make this work if you do the work and if you let me show you what to do. And I can't wait to be a part of that with you. I'll see you on one of our next live coaching calls. Jump in now, click the link attached to this post. I'll send you a couple emails over the next couple of days, and I can't wait to see you in there. We'll talk soon. Have a good one. You.

