WCA Call - January 12th, 2026 - Live Training (AI Agents)

Up dancers. We still got a Monday, and on your back, we stomped in the rain on the sidewalk. I dance in the street. So I Hi, Adele, you here. Hey, Jeremiah, how are you good? How are you I'm good. I'm good. I tagged you on Instagram. Did you see the I find like a Christian rev Instagram account. Do you see that? Yeah, DJs for Jesus. I love it. All right. I was playing around with suno making so what's, what's suno? What is that? Ai, music generation app? Oh, wow, I haven't seen that before. It's really good. I use it for all my ads to make music for the background of them. Oh, really, I can run them as ads, but that's not like the random music that Facebook gives you, yeah, yeah, so and then you don't have to worry about copyright or anything. It's like, yeah, exactly, yeah. Cool, which is pretty cool. Let me get the stream going in the group here, the stream key, stream URL, and then we got the group itself. There we go, invalid parameters. What did I do wrong? That's weird. Oh, that's why I mixed up the stream I did this last week, I mixed up the the URLs wrong? There we go. Mix them up, right? So, yeah, suno is a music agent that creates a a music for you. Can you hear that? No, I can't hear it now, but I did hear it before. Oh, okay, let me see audio settings there. Can you hear me? I can hear it. Maria, boss, you can do just about anything, ready and back, ready to go back. Back, ready to go back. Man. So, yeah, it just, it's a, it's a AI agent that makes music, and then it can even, you can export, you can export. You can get the stems to it. You can bring it into an editor, edit all of it. You can export lines from it. So like a lot of artists, they're, they'll, they'll have a song, they'll bring their song into it, and they'll create a couple AI instruments and then pull in a loop or a sound for the do it that way. And that's becoming kind of commonplace now in music. So anyways, we're not talking about making music, because music isn't really our thing here in this group, but I want to go live in the group real quick. Live training today is all about AI agents. That's what we're going to be talking about. AI agents. I think you guys want to learn more about how to use agents to help you make money. I'm sure I do have a question around ads, but yeah, definitely. Well, we'll take the questions here at the end, but let me just pull up this here. Today is our live our our live training day, right? Today is our live training day, not our Q A day, right? Yeah, the email said, live training day, yeah, okay, see, I mixed it up like three weeks ago and had had it all wrong. Connecting to live video. I it should be connecting. Let me see. Good job. Tiffany, yeah, well done. All right, let's try this again, the live stream. If this doesn't work this time, we will just have to reset it and try it the other way. We're trying to stream it into the Facebook group here. That's what we're having a little bit of some technical difficulties with. But anyways, today we're gonna be talking about AI agents and how you can use them in your business, I think that, well, I know that everything that we do in our business is going to kind of go this direction where we're using we're using agents, we're using AI to do most of the work for us, and Things like that, that then we just kind of communicate with an agent to get things done for our marketing and for building our business. Now, when it comes to me coaching, when it comes to me teaching and all that, again, it's not quite there where, like the AI can do that. I will say, if you have, like a team and staff and stuff like that. There's some ways to do that, but it's not it's just not quite there yet that I want to, like, just say everything's all AI. And here's the thing, people don't want to interact with just an AI robot. They want to interact with a real person, especially in the coaching world, the coaching business, the coaching business model, people want to interact with a real person, and so that's, that's one of the things. There we go. There's our live stream. Okay, we're going to go live in the Facebook group here. So what is an AI agent? I kind of want to like define that for a second before we go into this training here, that's what this is. It's all about AI agents. Is what is an AI agent? Well, an AI agent is a tool that, if you're used to like chat, GPT, right, or you've used Claude, or you use any of these. Those are what are called AI chat bots. And you can talk with the AI, and it gives you certain things like that. And then you have different types of AI that maybe it can generate images or things like that. Those are AI chat bots, and that's how most people think about using AI what an AI agent is, is it takes the AI brain, which, again, the AI chat bot. It can do so many different things. An AI chat bot can generate code. It can write lyrics to a song. It can write sales copy. It can it can even, like I've seen one guy, he had chat GPT moving a robot's arms around with chat GPT, a type of a thing like that. What an agent does is it, is this, is all that really an AI agent is, and to think of it this way is it's the AI brain with instructions that are repeatable, okay? And then, so that's one piece of it, and that's what we would call like a GPT. Most of the time, when people say AI agents, all they're talking about is the gpts that are built into chat GPT. If we if we think about that, okay, um, oops, it looks like I'm logged into the wrong chat GPT account. Here. Let me log into my account. GPT is, however, are not where agents end, and that's why I want to, I just, I want to show you kind of the difference of of that and how this all works.

[TRANSCRIPT CONTINUES - Full training on AI agents including: lovable.dev demos, Manus AI, Claude Code, custom GPTs, agent-as-a-service concept, and practical business applications]
