WCA Call - January 19th, 2026 - Live Q&A

How are we doing today? Y'all, how's it going? David, how's it going? Tiffany, I am staining a door, so I'm gonna be doing that while I'm listening. All right, well, today's our Q A review day, so we'll be looking at all that. Hello, afternoon, Tiffany. Hello, Dorothy. How are you? Welcome? I'm good. Hello. Nice to see you. You as well. Let's go. I All the AI stuff. This past week, I built my own version of chat, GPT for my team to use. I built my own I built an agent that writes emails for my mom's business for me. Then we're launching software that for Sandy, we haven't announced it yet, but it should be ready to go here pretty soon. We built the whole thing with AI, a real change.ai. It's called, so the whole thing, all of this, was built in here. I've been even rebuilding my my website for my business inside of lovable. Couple of the images need work, but what I do is I just told it. I just told lovable to take my site and rebuild it in here, and it looks amazing for my coaching business. So, yeah, it's pretty awesome. A lot of this AI stuff, we're we're shifting to where you tell the AI to build it, instead of having to, having to do it. And so hopefully, what I'm wanting to do, I'm building tools that I can use. And then I think about, okay, how can I then turn this into a tool for my my my group for my clients, you know, like the email writing one. I already thought about that, like, Okay, I need to find a way that you guys can use my email automation bot that I created to help you create emails. So anyways, let's go over Q and A here for your marketing. I was just thinking this past week that a number one like, I'm so proud and excited of everybody who's in here, Tiffany just doing amazing with her her podcast and creating her offers and getting those out there. Deborah has had financial success come in with her offer that she created, which is amazing. The biggest thing that holds us back, my friends, is what's between our two ears. And I truly believe that it's not what we it's not necessarily what we got going on, though that stuff usually is always real tough, especially in the moment. We got a lot of stuff going on in life, but you know, how do you delegate in that way? And how do you how do you do that? How do you build when life is crazy? How do you get locked in with what you're building when you got a lot of stuff going on. So what's up? Deborah, hello. So for me, I guess there were some barriers, no doubt about that. But also, I'm gonna go back to tech. I have literally let chat GPT be my assistant. Yep, over and let me, let me tell you this and over again, let me tell you this. I have somebody that I work with who still doesn't have a chat GPT account because they're we, they don't want to use it and but then complains that they're struggling with progress. And I'm telling you like it's like having a tutor sit next it is. It absolutely is. It's. It's like having somebody who can guide, walk and direct you through every aspect of what you're what you're dealing with. I'll tell you my it's changed my life in that way, in so many different ways, I literally chat GBT Claude is also really good, just all the AIS, but whatever one you like to use, yeah, yeah. I, I just, sometimes I just do a screenshot. Okay, what's next? That's it. What do I do next here, yeah, that's one piece. But I did find, I don't know if I shared this last week or not, but when I was working in Maryland or light, I ended up chat GPT. Was incorrect, but okay, yeah, mailer, light, I went over there and they kind of straightened things out. So I went back to chat. GPT, I said, just so, you know, just put this in your memory bank. GPT, you know, like, if it comes up again. But I just want to share. I did my second introduction class, and I gained six other students. So, yeah, this is huge. Like, it really works. Yeah, this and I'm just so thankful. Like, okay, so Okay, let's talk. Let's have a little faith talk. Okay, the Lord calls me to build this app. I build the app. It's taken me, like, three years. I've done it through health issues and videos. You can tell my energy's low, but I'm showing up and I'm still talking. So anyway, I built the app. I send it to the like I said, the founder of EFT for Christians, and she's like inviting me to to be part of making what she started, opens doors for you, huge door and doing it, because you're doing the work. And she says that, she's like, you're all just talking about it, right? She says that, and that's it. She sees it, and she's the one that said, Hey, do you think you could make you know, believers tap GPT. I said, I don't know, I'll give it a try. And I did it, and it's absolutely amazing. So it's happening, um, I love it. I just want to encourage people, you know, sometimes, you know, when God calls you to something, you might have to sit in it for a while with him. It might just be for tomorrow. And I was, you know, I'm learning the relearning and adding to what I've learned with mailer light. And I, as I was working on something over the weekend, it just really hit me how many other foundational pieces were put in place. Yeah, moment, so it's a process, and it's okay, it's okay to be here in this process. And I learned that from Dr Rawls, because, like, I'm so mad at myself, so many times when you're mad at yourself, you're like, putting yourself into a stumbling block after a stumbling block after a stumbling block. Yep, you can't stay there, and you're literally going to block yourself from learning if you're all caught up in being upset. It's true that we block ourselves from creativity, from learning, from the ideas. Yes, so my question is, I sent a big, long email to passion. They're the ones that have the the app that can go online for Android and iPhones. Yeah, so I came in kind of like on a founder deal, and the price is almost doubled since then because they're so successful. Yeah, it's pretty cool system they built, for sure, it is, but I had to send them an email saying how much of this stuff is applied to me now, yeah, I've been building inside their app, but I want to build more. I want to build something that can be, you know, go out on Apple and Android, so I'm waiting on that. And I didn't know if you had some suggestions for maybe alternatives. I looked at rocket dot new, but I don't know if they house, like inside of passion you can house all your courses and stuff. Yeah, passion is really built for the coach, for the mentor. It's tailored for that. A lot of these other tools that are out there are not specifically, necessarily for that type of demographic, and that's where they charge. So let me, let me just give you some business economics here. Okay, the reason why a lot of these other app builder things are, you know, 20 bucks a month or something like that, because they're not specialized. So you gotta bring your specialized knowledge into it to create it how you want. They've put all the work into doing that. And so what ends up happening is this, as soon as you specialize anything, you can increase the price tag by 10x because say that again. Will you say that again? Because my Ryan, soon as you specialize something, you can increase the price tag by 10 times. So the app, or what you the materials you're bringing into the passion, io, the reason why, like, they charge more is because they specifically are for coaches, mentors, course, creators, right? Okay, so that's so that's a big reason why they charge what they do, okay? And so that's why their prices are going up. Is that what you're saying? Well, that and I think just because they can charge it, because I think a lot of coaches and mentors don't want to do it on their own, and they their demographic is and all that. If you want to build something on your own for different apps and stuff like that, it'll take the route of more of like something like what lovable does right here. You know, we built different little micro apps with this or vibe code app. Vibe code app is another really cool one. Can you design that like with that rocket dot new they looked kind of promising, but I wasn't sure if I could house like I'll have courses like this six week self care program. Take some work to kind of finesse it into into housing your courses. Okay, issue, so when you use something like YouTube, like connect YouTube to it and keep it in probably Vimeo instead of YouTube, okay, yeah, but I'm trying to find that's interesting that I can't actually search for the app vibe code app, because it's one of the top apps in the I can write it up later to vibe code. Yeah, again, a lot of these are a bit more technical, though, than passion is, and they're not specialized for coaches and course creators to house your courses a passion is really the best one that kind of does that. And that's why they charge what they charge, because they don't have a lot of competitors now, I would bet they're going to get more competition here in the next couple of months. Um, you know, I've been dreaming Jeremiah, go make it. Go make it. Yeah, I'm not sure if I want to create something to house the courses rather than the marketing side of it. Well, they have that portion, but you know what they did? I mean, I watched their progress. No, you're right. I should look at, though, disrupting some of that, because I think, I think I have the chops. I could do it. I think you do too. And the thing is, is, like, with them, when they first the I want to disrupt the like, the go high level and click funnel side of things I see that I want to create a I want to create something that's like, it's like, lovable for these landing pages, right? Like I created the these landing pages for Tiffany and for Audrey this past week in here, okay, and they just, they look awesome, create something like that. Kind of, does that fun with that lovable has the email marketing. But I also want to help, to help people write their sales copy and create their offers and all that well. And here's the thing, it's it's really a cool concept to think that, you know, you could just have your name or your brand or your whatever in Apple, that somebody could go get your app off from Apple or Android. Now, I was looking into school because they do have an app that's over on Apple. Once you get into their ecosystem, then you have a back end that you can work with, but, but it's not as sophisticated as passion, right? So I didn't know what's your take on school. School's good. I think it's limited in some of its features, but I think it does a good job for what it does. I don't think it's bad. And here's my take on all this. There's so many apps that do things just a little bit differently from each other. What matters is get something out there that you use, something that you're going to use consistently, right? Why? I'm still on Thinkific, even though it's not the best. It does what I need it to do, right? And so and I have everything in there, so I don't feel the need to, like change that for myself, maybe in the future, I might, but yeah, well, I when I was looking at the rocket dot new, I'm thinking, wow, if I do this, I've got to learn the back end of that program. Yeah. So that had me put the brakes on and email them and say, just, I want to clarify before I build in here anymore. What do I have if I keep you know going forward with you? Yeah, so I just wanted to hear what you had to say about it, because that's kind of the juncture I'm at. I think they have a good product. I've not, I've not used it, but I just, I've, I've heard a lot of good stuff, and I know that they have done a good job of building out what they've built out. It's just, it has so many great features, and I think it's really cool what they've done. But I think that, I think that, in a sense, a lot of what they've created is, you know, it's going to shift in the next couple of months, in the next in the next year, as well, towards more of these tools like lovable and stuff like that, where you'll be able to say, okay, build me a course back end or things like that. I mean, you might actually be able to do that in lovable, tell it to build you a back end for the courses and a whole admin panel. But either way, the best thing to do is to create something that you can get out there, right? Yeah, whether it's mulling over the tools and what do I do and which one's better, right? Because the only person making money, if we do that is the companies that make the tools, not us, that's right. And unfortunately, they kind of play out. They, they, they play and prey on our need to sort of learn all the tools and all that. And the fact that they, everybody's, you know, it's part of their business model is, the fact is, most people who have an account with a lot of these tools never use it, which is sad, yeah, yes, and I'm not going to spend another chunk of money unless I'm definitely using it. Because now I have, I, you know, I have classes that I'll be presenting, and I want them housed someplace, whether it's inside that app or not, yeah, determines on how they respond to me. Yeah. So okay, thank you. Yeah, you bet Deborah, what's going or no, sorry, Tiffany, what's going on? Tiffany, oops, hello, hello. I Yes. Thank you. Had fun with that. Show me your chat GPT and how you treat it prompt, oh, yes, my, my friend did that the other day. And then her, her next thing was to ask it another question, and, oh, ask it why it gave me that answer, or why it produced that image, and so I, I shared the messaging so chat, GPT and I are besties, awesome. Oh my gosh, this is funny. Look. Ray says this is the most accurate one for her, how she talks with her. Ai, she's that's so funny. Those are hilarious. Yeah, mine is really accurate. And the prompt is, you go into chat, GBT, and you say, make, you know, create an image of how I treat you and mine. Is this, this wizard telling to do all this stuff for him, or, you know, command center with all the telling it to do all this research and then come back and do all these tasks. That's That's exactly how I use chat. GPT, yeah, that's fun. Yeah. So what's going on, Tiffany? All right, so I watched the replay of last week's class, and that was very, very helpful all the AI agents I had already started the process of creating something for what I do to give to people as well, like an AI agent. But my question is this, right now, I'm healing from a viral infection, and so I'm at a place where I have to be honest with myself and take pause. It doesn't mean for me, like fully stepping away. It just looks like not pushing myself to create as many things, to get stuff out there. And I mean, I have to be honest. It's like I literally have put myself in burnout, which is the very thing I teach people to walk away from, but it's also because every day my energy level varies now, but here's the cool thing about that. Now, not that it's cool, but what brings me energy is doing my podcast. It doesn't take as much energy to talk, but I did a podcast today before I came on here, just behind the scenes, look at, you know, what it's like to build a life as a high performer and healing from, you know, trauma and all that stuff and still building. And so I'm able to show up my best self on my podcast. So with that, what I'm looking for is, and I can't remember specific things about last week's class, but the thing for me is creating like, Do you have any prompts for like, the email thing for like, lovable, I might have to go back and rewatch it, because you gave a lot of great information. But do you have like, a couple of prompts or something for the lovable that I can create, like an email for the emails, to attach the emails. I wasn't quite sure how you did that. I have mailer light, by the way. Well, you could, you could tell it, I have mailer light. And lovable has a little tab right here that you can tab into. Oh, where is it? There we go, called Chat, right here. Okay, chat without making edits. And then you can start to kind of tell it, like, what you have, what you're planning all that. So you could say, like, I have mailer light. I want to add a form to this page with my mailer, light count, walk me through this. See, okay, so this is the other thing that I like about these tools, is they don't just do work. They can guide you. The same tool guides you through making changes, yeah, if you want to integrate it, let me look up the current newsletter section to walk you through it. Let me check where the form lives. Okay, so it's kind of going through now. This is on mine. I can see your section, how to connect it to approaches embed a mailer, like form or custom integration. So you can go grab an API key, and it'll set that up. It'll walk you through doing that with a custom integration. Or you can paste the the form right there. You can follow its instructions, okay. And then it says, you can say, okay, implement this plan. So it write all this code here, and all you got to do is you just got to go find the API key and mailer light, which is really easy to do, uh huh, and it'll, it'll literally build you out a whole functionality. Oh, you know what? That's something I need to fix. The clock date and time of my computer is set to yesterday for some reason, my computer died yesterday. Oh, set date and time. So I need to, need to go into my computer and press change date and time, set automatically turn that should update. Should update, but it's not, oh, sync now. There we go. There we go. Now my date and time is correct. It has 1:25pm on Monday, it was saying that it was like 3am on Sunday, the 18th still on my computer. So mailer light was not letting me log in because the date and time were incorrect. It was, it's a security thing that's interesting. I've never seen that before. Yeah, a lot of apps like Miller Lite and stuff they do that they check is your date and time correct, and that's a big part of how they they run their security. Okay? So under Account Settings, we can find, ah, well, let's see what did lovable? Where did lovable? Say it was? So we go to our project that I was in I should have done and just did this in your project, but let me see integrations. Developer, API, generate new token. Okay, so where are integrations? There we go. It's right there integrations, ah, API, right there. Cool use. And then all you do is you just say, generate new token. Right here. It'll generate the token lovable, okay? And you copy this long string of letters. Now you don't want to give this anybody. You don't want anybody you don't want anybody to see it. So that's why I'm going to delete this after we're done doing it. So if anybody you know watches the recording, or things like that, they ah, what I can do is then you give that big, long string of letters and numbers to lovable and then you say, that's the API key. And then it'll go, it'll, it'll actually set up the form for you based on all that. Okay, because I'm looking for, I love lovable, no pun intended with that phrase. It's actually quite fun. It's also dangerous, because of all the things that can create, because I've already started using it, but I also like, no, it does not bring you online as an app. It's just Apple and Android. I do like the variations that you created last week, which I'm gonna I really like. I could tell one of those was the tone of Sandy Krakowski right away. And I could automatically see which one of Sandy, Dan Kennedy and Gary Halbert. And I started like the what the last two, I believe, were the ones that stood out to me the most. So I'm just going to play around with it and try using all of them just to see what will get the attention. I've been wanting to do that anyway, but, yeah, I've been looking for, I've been looking for an easier, easier, smoother, less overwhelming, energy expending way to get my stuff out there without, you know? And because I can do it, I mean, obviously, but, but it's also cool, because I can promote things vocally in my podcast, yeah, and then I tell them, I actually learned this from David Bayer because I listened to his podcast. And I also got the book. It's great book so far. But yeah, he said that he puts the link in the show notes. So I caught that. So that's what I say to people now too. So, but yeah, that's where I'm at. And I've had to just be honest. I'm like, it's not an excuse. I literally have to just take a step back and stop, you know, forcing myself to create this big thing when my energy level is like, but it doesn't mean to like, step away forever or for good. It's just a little bit of a breathing room. Yeah. So awesome. So yeah, but I just wanted to celebrate real quick my podcast. I posted it today. It's 23 new listeners, new downloads, away from 700 last week, when I celebrated that 100 jump from last week was in 48 hours. That's awesome. I was like, yes, and so new listeners are coming on, new followers, and people are sharing my live show while I'm talking. So that's great. Yeah, I'm having fun. So I finally I'm like, Yes, I'm in my element. So thank you. Yeah, you bet. All right. Anybody else got anything we want to go over talk about have me help you with your sales copy, with your offer, with how everything's put together. Walk you through certain steps, things like that. Hey, this is the new this is the app that I was working on over the weekend, crack chat. So you can type my name. What's the best sales copy framework, you know? And then it works like Poe. And so it'll give you outputs right here, and then you can switch models, and you can talk to these different models. You can you can also compare it to other ones. So I can pull in GPT five, it's going to pull in these comparison this is a feature that I added that is not in Poe, that I wish was there. Oh, you know what? That works? I just found a bug that works pretty well on mobile, but not on desktop. So this whole model comparison thing is really cool. Here you can copy the whole thread if you want, you know, turn this into a proto type for a graphic. Could then throw that prompt into like nano banana, right there? Have nano banana generate me an image off of that. And so, yeah, I created this mainly for my team members, but I'm working on probably selling it as a subscription product and selling it out there to people, so which is pretty cool. Cool. Yeah, all right, Dorothy, what's going on? Hi. Yeah, it's lovely to be back. So yeah, I am now teaching yoga daily online membership, which I'm really pleased about, because I think I've found a sort of something that I can run and feels really natural to me. And it may be that I sort of developed some programs after that, but I think that this daily teaching is the way forward. So yeah, I'm about to set up an ever group with my administrator. So I've got really great administrator. We're going to run some ads, but we've got quite a bit to do. We were developing it to be ready for the 11th of Feb. And so the idea is to do a funnel where I've made a five day free course, and people sign up with their email. They do the five day free course, and then they're offered, you know, I obviously pitch them the yoga membership. So it's really tips on, I'm sure there is a course specifically on evergreens and, you know, funnels with that, but just really tips on how to go about that. And also this couple of weeks where I'm leading in just with what I'm doing with my social media. And I'm going online quite often, just doing a Facebook live but really tips on how to go to that, because that's going to be the funnel that will lead people into the yoga membership. Okay, well, in the members area under start here, the main course is the the automated business blueprint. So it's all about how to create an evergreen version of all of this. Putting that all together, one of the things that we're recommending Now, if you're running ads, is to charge anywhere from two to $10 I like the $5 price point for what you're doing, because the algorithm is going to be a lot better at finding qualified people if it's looking for people that are willing to spend $5 well, instead of it being a free lead magnet. Okay, we're moving away from like free offers on the front end, and we're going towards these sort of $5 or $3 or $10 type offers. Yeah, that's great. That's a really brilliant tip, because obviously, the thing is, is you've got to get people who are likely to commit to the actual membership. You know, from the get go, otherwise, it's all a big waste, isn't it? But you just never know who you're going to get. But the more that you can focus, the better on the right clients coming in at the front end. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. So, yeah, just anything else in regards to social media or how I'm going about that, I'm on the school app, so I'm recording them, and then I'm going into they're then taken by my administrator and put into this we've talked a lot about social media over the past few months. And again, what we're noticing is that, like, this is my on my mom's social media is a great example. Images that have text over them, yeah, or videos that have text over them are all reading really well, and this is kind of the style, yeah, something that has music over it and images and text. And we're even using like aI videos and stuff, but we're using like videos with text over them, or images with text over them, that's really like the main kind of social media content that's working. Well, you teaching something about yoga on your social media is not going to do that. Great. Yeah? To do that great, okay, at all. Like what you're looking to do is you're wanting to kind of invite people into the experience and talk about the outcome, talk about the benefits of it, and how simple it is, how easy it is, break down limiting beliefs. What are the things that people believe about doing yoga that are untrue all of those? And so that's going to be like, what you lean in towards on social media, and then every couple of posts you talk about your program, that you have, your offer, or your low cost, entry level product. And course, that can get people, you know, it'll, it'll reveal to people if this is for them or not type of a thing. Yeah. Brilliant, brilliant. Okay, yeah, I'll focus on doing that. And just in terms of the price point, at the moment, I'm doing it at 47 pounds a month, and I'm teaching every day, so getting 20 yoga classes a month, which I realize that's quite low. And the tricky thing is, what I'm going to be doing is obviously marketing it as the Dorothy Samadhi approach to yoga. So what they're paying for is coming in to learn with me, but it's just you could do a campaign to raise it to 77 a month, yeah, because you could always whatever you're trying to get up to in price. You can slowly start kind of raising it and do campaigns around that as price increases. Okay, yeah, because I'd like to get to the point where it's 197 a month. You know, would be great, because I think it's definitely worth that in terms of what people are getting, you know, but of course, you've got to sort of build it, and I think starting off at 47 is good place. Okay, yeah, yep, yeah. So want to have some kind of entry level thing on that, yeah, when we're running ads, a lot of the same kind of stuff that we're talking about for social media. Pretty much. What works good for social media works good for ads. Yeah, and you run the ads kind of attached to that. And then we're using a lot of different AI to generate graphics, to generate concepts, to come up with what's the text that we put on things that we're not burning ourselves out trying to write all this ourselves. Yeah, so you want to make sure that you're doing that as well, just to really increase your bandwidth and what you can get done, right, with less effort. Yeah? Brilliant. Okay, lovely. Okay, thank you. That's great. All right, nice. All right, next question, next person, raise your hand. Let's jump on here. Let's go over some stuff. Let's get you some results here today. Let's get you breakthrough today. I'm gonna be your hype man, today, let's get some breakthrough. I know that breakthrough is possible. Every limitation that we have, we can break through any area where we're stuck, any area where it feels like this is too hard. It's just a temporary season. I should start just preaching in between all those sections. Right? Preach. You gotta, you gotta tell those limiting beliefs, not here, not today, okay?