# WCA - Live Q&A (Jan 06, 2025)
# Duration: 1 hr 28 min
# Speakers: Jeremiah (73%), Shonda (13%), Tiffany (5%), Deborah (5%), APG (3%)

Jeremiah Krakowski 0:30
Oh, whoops, it's The wrong URL.

Jeremiah Krakowski 0:40
Go.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:24
Alrighty. Well, today is our live Q and A again. We switch the calls up, we change what is. But here we are. We are live right now. Let me know every time whenever you kind of switch stuff up, people like, Oh no, it's not part of my normal routine. Just gonna tag everybody. We're live right now. And that's the thing, you know, send emails out, stuff like that. People get into routines, we'll go back to our normal routine next week, where we meet on Mondays, which is definitely the better routine, for sure, for everybody meeting up on Monday. Hold on. Right, yep, looks like we had the correct link in the emails, and I would check if the right link was sent out in the email. I have a VA that schedules all those sends them out. There we go. We got a couple people logging in now, perfect. People kind of trickle in a little bit. What's up?

Deborah Scott 2:53
Deborah, good morning. Wait, good afternoon.

Jeremiah Krakowski 2:57
Good morning. How are you push the

Deborah Scott 2:59
wrong button? That's what's up. I'm like, What's this button? So, hi,

Jeremiah Krakowski 3:04
hey, hey, you know, you know it's, you know what? You kept popping in my mind every, all week, last week. So I'm glad you're here.

Deborah Scott 3:19
Say again I said you

Jeremiah Krakowski 3:20
kept popping in mind all week. Sorry.

Deborah Scott 3:21
I'm gonna, I'm gonna I'm gonna go over. Oh, okay, yeah. I'm getting excited Thursday's coming, and I'm getting ready and I'm trying to decide if I want to actually pre record, because I just sometimes I'm having hard days, you know, with brain fog and sometimes. So it's like, if I bring the people on and then just push record or push play, then it's done. You know, I don't have to worry about messing up. I was working on my slides today, so awesome.

Jeremiah Krakowski 3:53
That's great. I've been using this new, this new AI tool, all week. It's not new. It's kind of old. Actually. It's called Manus. Okay, we heard a Manus. Nope. So it's an AI agent. They gave, like, a great free trial, and then they started charging for it, and the paid factor of it was kind of weird for a while. And then, like, two weeks ago, meta just purchased their whole company.

Deborah Scott 4:24
Well, they must have something good going. If meta says, hey, I want this.

Jeremiah Krakowski 4:29
Yeah, so I've already spent like 60 bucks with them, and here's how I see it, Manus is in the truest sense of the word, if I'm spending 60 bucks with Manus, it needs to produce more than a $60 like 60 bucks spent with a VA would produce that's fair, somebody that's a VA that I would hire in the Philippines, something like that. Right now. That's what I'm seeing. It's able to do, like, right now what I'm having it do, it's working in the background, cool. It's, actually, it's taking emails, it's going through this email software, and it's grabbing all the emails that we sent out through Sandy's email account and putting them into a file so I can train an app on how to write the emails. So it's, it's doing the work. Actually, for me, I had it last week I had to go through, and actually go through my whole email automation, grab all the emails and rewrite them in a file right here. So it literally rewrote seven emails right here, this whole file, 16 pages.

Deborah Scott 5:37
I'm up for technology so and then the heavy lifting, yay.

Jeremiah Krakowski 5:44
And then we had it right. And I think, I think I hinted to this a little bit last week. I mentioned it like we had it. Write a whole ebook for Sandy that we're gonna be putting out there right here. It's a whole ebook. Literally wrote the whole thing based on a file of just her recordings that we had. I then had to generate graphics and everything. But yeah, so I'm having it go through, extract all the emails, and I just prompted it, hey, I want you to go through this AWeber account, pull all the broadcast emails that were sent out. I wanted to use them as a training file for custom GPT go back at least one year, and so that's just been for the last probably 45 minutes. It's just been working, going through, grabbing all these emails. So so far, so far, it's grabbed all these different emails that are written right here.

Deborah Scott 6:37
Where did okay? So, where did it pull it from your actually,

Jeremiah Krakowski 6:40
that's actually logged into our email account, our email, oh, marketing account, and it's, it's the AI is literally clicking on the email and then, and actually what I can do is I can tell it how to do this a little bit faster, which is, which is kind of,

Deborah Scott 7:02
sorry, this is like an entire system right here, you

Jeremiah Krakowski 7:06
know, yeah. So what it's able to do this is our email system right here. It's able to review the message right here, copy this into a file for me and do all that manually. Wow. And so what I want to tell it is that if it actually highlights on these little eyeballs right here, it can preview them faster. If you go through the broadcast emails and highlight right right here and click, click the eyeball icon, it takes you directly to the preview, so you should be able to go through and extract 30 more emails pretty quick into that file. So I gave it a screenshot, told it kind of how to do its work a little bit better. Kind of how I would with like a Filipino, if I hired them to do it, I would do the exact same thing. I would literally tell them, Okay, this will help you. It's like, look perfect. That's a faster method. I can see the eyeball icon that opens the preview directly.

Deborah Scott 8:16
Wow. I think you know a lot of people, they fuss about the technology, but, yeah, if you're gonna be able to keep up, you're gonna have to know the technology.

Jeremiah Krakowski 8:27
Yeah, so, so Manus is just crazy, because it's a how

Deborah Scott 8:31
do you how do you spell that? Because I can't see you're on my iPhone.

Jeremiah Krakowski 8:34
M, a, n, u, s,

Deborah Scott 8:36
us, okay. I was thinking it's

Jeremiah Krakowski 8:39
such a powerful agent. It's it costs similar to, like, whoop, sorry, I muted you. Deborah, I didn't mean to mute you. It costs similar to, like, hiring somebody in the Philippines or something like that. Because so far, the work I had to do so far in the last week has cost me about $20 in credits. But I had it write an ebook. I had it rewrite y'all gotta, like, understand what I'm saying here. Like it literally logged into my email automation. I got eight emails here in the automation, grabbed all of them and rewrote them that then I can now, I did try to get it to actually upload the emails into there. For some reason, they had trouble uploading them into here, so I still have, like, a va that's going to do that. But it was able to use its AI to rewrite all the emails in this automation. It was able to write a whole ebook. It was able to it's going through, and it's extracting all of these emails right here.

Deborah Scott 9:45
So when it comes to the concept of writing an ebook, um, isn't that something you go that you could do over in chat? GPT, though,

Jeremiah Krakowski 9:54
not at this not at this level, it's not going to produce the quality, because what we did for the ebook writing was we, we created an outline. Okay, so for the ebook writing, we have this PDF right here that has all of the transcripts from my mom's mentorship group. There's over 1000 pages of transcripts.

Deborah Scott 10:22
Okay, so this is good, because I'm like, how, how will this machine know her voice? Because every so 1000 okay, this is good, yeah, on the topic.

Jeremiah Krakowski 10:35
And then I just said, right here, I want you to write an ebook. This ebook will be marketed on Facebook, we have a PDF, over 70 hours of transcripts. The topic is BioIdentical Hormone Replacement Therapy made simple. I've attached a PDF at a glance. I don't want you to write the ebook. I want you to plan out the best prompt for me to write the ebook. So I told it to give me first what prompt to use.

Deborah Scott 10:59
Ah, so you Oh, that's

Jeremiah Krakowski 11:01
how to prompt itself to write, yeah. So what it did was it actually wrote its own prompt right here on how to write all the chapters and pages, and then I prompted it with all of that info to then go in and write the ebook. And then I gave it edits, perfect, whereas chat GBT would, it just would not be the quality that this is outputting.

Deborah Scott 11:26
Yeah, one of the things it's

Jeremiah Krakowski 11:27
really more of a quality issue, yes, for a long form, for the long form, yes, madness is able to go through the way a human would and say, Okay, I'm going to write like the first page. I'm going to write the second page on this topic and write that, and it'll iterate through that automatically. I could do it in chat. GPT, I would have to prompt it to write each page manually and then edit it and do all that. Manus is able to go in and prompt itself to go back and forth and do all of that without me touching the computer. Wow, that's the kind of the key piece behind Manus and why meta purchased them as a tool. So again, that's what I'm saying. If you want to play around with a tool that can, that can, that can do stuff like that as this feature called Wide research, will it'll, it'll open up 20 versions of itself, and it'll actually go and do 20 different tasks at once. So it's just, it's very much like this crazy kind of kind of thing. The URL, yeah, Manus, dot, I am right here, m, u m, a n, U S, dot, I m, and I mean, play around with the free trial of it. They give you quite a few credits for free. Okay, actually, I'm wondering if they they give me a referral link of some kind. So I'm wondering, Oh, yep, share 500 credits. There we go. Invite link. Cool, everybody gets 500 credits if they use that link. Cool, okay, 500 credits is enough to give you to get you going on some on, some cool stuff. Let me post it in the group here too. Okay, here's the link to to Manus. Was 500 free credits. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Again, like I said, I've I loaded up like 4000 credits. It was 20 bucks, and then I loaded up like 8000 more, just because I'm using it so much, you also get 300 free credits a day. Oh, nice, which is really cool,

Deborah Scott 13:54
yes, especially for someone like me, like, yeah.

Jeremiah Krakowski 13:57
So you get free credits each day, and if you have an account, you can use Manus 1.6 that's the one I'm using. Manus Max uses too many credits. Okay, I used Manus max for the ebook because I wanted to see, like, what it would do. But honestly, I would just use Manus 1.6 Manus 1.6 light is kind of a little bit less smart, but, yeah, no, it's going through. So could you free credits? This is hilarious. I'm watching it's loading up my free credits into my account. As you guys are signing up, I can literally see my credits are going up like by 500 with each person who's signing up. That's cool. So yeah, yeah, this is, this is great, but yeah,

Deborah Scott 14:47
here's a question for you.

Jeremiah Krakowski 14:49
It's an AI agent. It's a general purpose AI agent is what it is. You sort of come up with plan, what you want it to do, and then it can then do that work for you.

Deborah Scott 15:04
Okay, yeah, if somebody wanted to record their ebook, could they use their iPhone to record and then send that over? Or would they have to have another step?

Jeremiah Krakowski 15:22
Um, I don't

Deborah Scott 15:23
know, your mom, stuff is already transcripted from voice, right?

Jeremiah Krakowski 15:27
I'm not sure. Let me. Let me ask it, are you able to transcribe an audio file? I bet it can. Yes, I can transcribe audio for me. For you. I support MP, three wave. MP, so that's cool. Upload your audio file. I'll transcribe the speech for you. So that's really cool.

Deborah Scott 15:51
And the last time I went down to see the girls in Virginia, I was when I was coming back, I was talking the book I wanted to write, yeah, and I was doing that with chat GPT, but then I ran out of points, because I was also asking questions, like, Well, what do you think I should do next? Like, what's because? Like, yeah, one of the ways, yeah, pie in the sky. But how do we get this in a process?

Jeremiah Krakowski 16:16
You know, yeah, one of the ways that I'll do that is, yeah, you can talk through it with chat GPT. You can talk through it with Gemini. I'll also just record a long audio, sometimes 3040, minutes long, transcribe it. I don't know if chat GPT might let you just upload audio too, and it'll just take it. It might be able to that's actually something

Deborah Scott 16:42
enjoying with chat GPT is I was trying to put things in order while driving so, and I couldn't because I was driving, okay, so what I did is

Jeremiah Krakowski 16:56
I upload an audio file directly into chat GPT as an attachment as well.

Deborah Scott 17:00
Okay, yeah, but what I was doing is a conversation style, because what I was finding is, if I said what I needed to say, and then I'd say, So, what do you want to know next? And so chat GPT would come back to me and say something and then. And then I would say, All right, what's more important, this or this? And then it would tell me, and then I would just start talking again. But somehow I burned through. Somehow I burned through it. And they said that I had to be on a different program.

Jeremiah Krakowski 17:35
Are you on the are you on the free account?

Deborah Scott 17:37
No, I'm on. I pay $20 a month, but the amount of verbal stuff that was going on,

Jeremiah Krakowski 17:45
yeah, if you're using voice mode, I think voice mode is limited.

Deborah Scott 17:49
It was Yeah, and I used it all, but it was fun. It kept me preoccupied for about two hours. Yeah, it's like an eight hour trip. So it was fun, yeah,

Jeremiah Krakowski 18:01
yeah, but yeah, you can upload an audio file right in the chat GBT, and it'll do it as well. Okay, so that's kind of cool. Most of these, it looks like they take audio files right into them, so you can record an audio from your phone.

Deborah Scott 18:12
And so what I'll need to do before I go down again is maybe take some time to get my bullet points. Because if I have the bullet points in front of me, I can, I tend to be able to just talk, yeah. So, yeah. Cool. Awesome. Very cool. I

Jeremiah Krakowski 18:50
Right? Anybody have any questions here today that they want to go over, anything they want me to review help them with things like that. Tiffany, what's up?

Tiffany Quinones 19:04
Tiffany, oh, hey, please excuse my chewing. I'm about to head into the gym because I have a little bit of energy. Awesome. Eating some protein oatmeal. I had a question regarding the Hold on. You just introduced it to us. What is that thing that I absolutely love? It's that new thing you told us about. No, it's a new app last last week. Love it. That's it. So I created I love it. So I did sign up for like, the $20 a month thing, 25 whatever, because I'm like, this is a great investment, because it created a really cool landing page. And then I actually re edited it, just to play around with it, because I'm testing it out. Yeah.

Jeremiah Krakowski 19:52
And you can tell it to make your thank you page, your delivery pages all the add additional pages to it.

Tiffany Quinones 19:59
Oh, yes. And then I saw that it can create ads for us using the pixels. So I wanted to ask you about that. Is that because, then it because it also allows me to connect my stand store? Oh, cool. And then so it does allow you to do ads on there. Have you tried that out with the lovable app? What is it?

Jeremiah Krakowski 20:25
What do you mean by it's allows you to do ads. What does that mean?

Tiffany Quinones 20:29
Because I'm not sure how I found it. But on the app, or on the lovable it says that you can do ads using the Facebook pixels. All you do is upload the pixel into the whatever it said to load it into there. And so I wanted to ask you about that, because I don't want to have to go back to Squarespace and start all over from scratch if I don't have to. Because if that was a simpler way,

Jeremiah Krakowski 20:59
once you're able to give it the pixel info, it should be able to work, and then just tell it, like, which page you want it to fire the pixel on. Yeah, that would work.

Tiffany Quinones 21:08
Oh, okay, because when I saw that, it's not

Jeremiah Krakowski 21:11
creating your ads, it's just creating the like the page code, though. But yes, I'm impressed with with, again, lovable is the same kind of thing, like Manus. It's a it's a web development agent that's that can build whole landing pages and websites and things like that. And I'm starting to, yeah, I just saw a guy this morning launch a prototype app, and I can tell he literally built everything in lovable, and he's charging 47 bucks, and he's like, a big time marketer, so, like, we're so we're starting to see a shift where, like, everybody's starting to use a lot of these different tools.

Tiffany Quinones 21:50
Yeah, it's, it's, it was pretty cool, because when I went and I tested it out, because whatever you bring to us, I'm like, I'm just gonna go see how this works for myself. I'll be back with my with my findings. I actually, I actually had fun because I took the copy from my stand store of the $10 offer that I'm promoting at the moment, and it literally with it. I mean, I shared my happiness inside the group, but in like, five to 10 minutes, maybe 15 tops, it created for me a landing page that would have taken me a little bit longer to do, but it was, and then when it created a different version, I was like, this is, like, the best thing since sourdough bread was created. And I'm like, this Jeremiah, that's why in the group, I'm like, I don't know where you're finding this cool stuff, but thank you so much, because you just, you made this quick starts life much easier and simpler. So cool. I'm going to finish learning the ads course, and then I'll, I'll test that out and start seeing it. But, um, yeah, thank you so much for bringing us the different tools that you're finding, because it's literally making our lives easier.

Jeremiah Krakowski 23:05
Well, here's the thing is, we're in a a period right now where there's a lot of like rapid new tools that are being created. So what's the purpose? How do we deepen the connection we have with other people? How do we deepen human to human connection with other people and speed up the amount of time it takes us to go from idea to executed marketing campaign? Because then you speed up the amount of time you can take to iterate and adjust and change things. The word, the word iterate means to utter repeatedly or to perform repeatedly. So iterate means to repeat a process to reiterate. So the idea is that the process, when it gets simpler and takes less time, right? 1015, years ago, Click Funnels was like a game changer, because it made it so much simpler. Instead of going to WordPress and having to build out a whole funnel in WordPress and all that. Right now what we're seeing tools like lovable are are eating Click Funnels lunch, because I don't even need to go click funnel, it click anything. All I gotta do is just say, here's some copy. Build me a funnel.

Tiffany Quinones 24:39
And literally.

Jeremiah Krakowski 24:41
And then, okay, I want to throw some photos in here. Okay, I'm going to edit this copy right here. And then what I like to do is I'll go through all like, I'll copy a section of the sales copy and say, Okay, take this copy. Let's change it to this. And you can make edits to your page by just talking to the little chat window. And so now, what does that let me do? That lets me have an idea that I want to market to people and get it out there quickly. Yeah, we went in and we I did a sample landing page so far for my mom's ebook. Right here. Tired of being told it's just your age, finally understand your hormones and reclaim your energy. Your body is trying to tell you something, and so it's like a whole now, there's no images or photos in here, but once I go through and edit this, this is then ready for us to put out there as a 797, ebook that we can now market with ads and get 1000s of people onto

Tiffany Quinones 25:48
Yeah, it's cool. I'm

Jeremiah Krakowski 25:49
there's no, there's no. And I say this as somebody who I've built my whole career on, building these funnels and then showing people how to do this and market their business. There's no benefit to having to like, do it yourself, the manual, long form, way,

Tiffany Quinones 26:12
facts, truth,

Jeremiah Krakowski 26:15
when it comes to your marketing. Now, when it comes to me teaching, when it comes to me coaching people, I still think there's no substitute for me having a conversation with you where we can work through stuff together, even my AI tool that I have, you know, like I want to, I need to load up these recordings from here so we can start to have updated info on how to do even this stuff. But even like that, AI tool is not going to be as good as you being able to ask me directly. Okay, how do I do this or that? But my goal is marketing. How do I connect with more people faster without have because what we've run into is in the marketing world, with our ads, with our with our landing pages and all that is you sort of have to go faster with how much you're marketing to people, and be persistent with marketing what your offer is, and marketing what you have for sale, and just one offer isn't enough anymore, right? One lead magnet, one landing page, so like you got to repeatedly, Okay, listen, hey, can let's connect with us over here. Connect with us over here. And then that that does is it gets people to connect with you. I'll tell you, most of the people who I have who sign up for this program and who stick around and who stay this isn't that I find hilarious. Number one, since I launched my like 14 day trial, I have a cycle that I've noticed now with people, which is hilarious to me. If it's the first time they ever met me, they will usually sign up for the trial, and more often than not, they're going to cancel. Mm, hmm, three, four months down the road, they're going to go through all of my trainings I have, and they're going to sign up for the trial again, and they're going to stay as a client for months. So that's what I found, is they'll join. They're not necessarily, maybe ready for it yet, but now they're they. They know what I got going on, and they can't shake the fact that what we have over here with this container. And so now all I gotta do is I just gotta keep showing up with people. And that's how I noticed over the last two months, the amount of people who have joined our program, the new people that have joined, they they the ones that have stuck around. They've also been watching my content for the last year. They've also been engaging with me for a while. And so that's why, like a single ad campaign, just to one landing page or one offer isn't enough. It's also that repeated connection with people that continuing to show up, that continuing to to deliver value to people. Now I will tell you, we have a crazy cycle here in my household the last three weeks next year. I need to just take the time from like December 19 till to, like today, off of work completely, because we got Christmas New Year's. And I say New Year's because, like everybody, like, the world shuts down things like that. And then we have my son's birthday is on the fifth. And so like, I'm highly distracted during that time from marketing. I'm like, I've taken like three weeks to, like, do like two days worth of work, yeah, when it comes to my my building my funnels and stuff like that, but it's like, I actually feel a lot better about where I'm at right now because I have these AI tools, these AI agents, and all these, because I know, okay, I'm almost done now with my emails for this new class that I'm about to launch. I'm going to have my my VA, put those in there. We're going to launch those and get them going. I also need to take like, two months off after my wife gives birth. That's another thing. Or just plan for like two really light months where I'm just meeting. You know she's she's planning on giving birth at least one more time. She's not pregnant yet. Oh, okay, not yet. She wants to try for a girl. She thinks, though we're probably gonna have a boy, still another boy, but, you know, we're praying for a girl, but we're a boy, would be great, too, either way, like planning for like, the way that life goes and things like that. So having these AI tools. What's really cool is I can relax a little bit and feel like, okay, I've actually gotten more done with my AI tools over the last three weeks, where I've barely been working, than the three weeks prior, before I was using Manus and lovable and all those to create stuff like one example, I'm still using Squarespace. Here's here's my workflow. I'm still using Squarespace. I like it because I'm used to it for my landing pages. I think I might switch off from it for one of our offers here soon, but I just have my VA in the Philippines that I pay 100 bucks to. I just have her take the content from lovable and copy it into Squarespace so she's able to replicate the lovable pages in Squarespace. How nice. And then I have another like I have another VA for what we're doing with my mom that's able to replicate it in her WordPress site and things like that, so but I'm able to get more done. Get this ebook done, we got this we got these emails done, we got these different concepts and things going that we're creating, and I'm able to iterate through these things quicker because I have these AI tools that I'm able to use to get them done faster. I'm watching right now what's going on, like, just in the world of AI and all of that. And the goal is where, like, the end game of AI, where we're seeing it go is like, every tool that you use on the Internet is going to be a better version of these AI agents like Manus and lovable, where you just kind of think up the idea, explain it to an agent that will then build it out for you. And what that does is it's again we are seeing it's the Industrial Revolution all over again. In business, the Industrial Revolution took what a lot of people did with manual labor, and now we had machines that did a lot of it. AI is doing the same thing. You don't need to hire a graphics does like a graphics design job, the job of graphics designer, web developer. All of that is going to shift to people that know how to use AI, a good graphics designer. My My wife is even she got inspired this past week to to to launch an Etsy store. My wife did. She she's been a graphics designer for a long time. She's not done it in like three years. And she's like, You know what I can do? I can have she had this idea, and she's already launched like 10 products in, like, very nice. He's like, Okay, I'm gonna have the AI draft me up a prototype of it, and then I'm gonna take my expertise as a graphics designer, and I'm going to finish the last 10% of it to make it perfect. So I'm going to recreate the idea that AI gave me and all that, and then I'm going to go create the final version on my own and launch it that way. And that's what she's doing. And then, like, she's able to go on Pinterest and get ideas for graphics, have the AI re, spin it up, and do all that, and then launch these different products on Etsy, launch these different products on, you know, these different platforms for design products. And so that's where we're seeing is, is like the it's not going to replace because nobody wants just a like, no, nobody. There's I don't want just like what the AI created, but I want, but I what I want is I want a human that knows how to use AI really well to do better than what they could do on their own. Yeah, and I love that, because now it's a tool. It's a tool to reach more people, it's a tool to create to get our ideas moving quicker. And so anyways, for all of us as coaches, mentors, service providers and all that, we don't need to be marketing experts. You had to be a marketing expert. What you got to do is you got to have an overview, a bird's eye view, of what like, what the best processes are for marketing. Here's why I think meta bought Manus. I would bet that they're going to integrate it into their ads platform. So you just tell, you just tell a meta ads agent to build out all your ad campaigns.

Jeremiah Krakowski 36:11
I would almost guarantee you we're going to see that in the next year launch where you can just, Okay, here's all my stuff. Go create many, all my graphics, all my all that for my ad campaigns. Here's some videos loaded up, and it'll be, you'll have a little AI agent next to the ads manager that'll be able to load all that stuff up for you, because madness can actually do that right now. You can have it take over your ads manager and actually launch your ads for

Tiffany Quinones 36:36
you. That's cool. I think they're

Jeremiah Krakowski 36:37
going to integrate that. But that's, that's where I think things are everything is headed is that that type of a thing, there's like, pros and cons to that, like the dystopian side is like, what's left for humans to do? Well, there's, there's a lot left. Because what happens is, when we're when we're not having to do certain things, we get really creative and come up with more stuff that we can do and create. And that's true like that. And it's just it's just very interesting, when you learn how to use these tools, you don't have to be a marketing expert. You can have the tools do 80 to 90 have them do 80 to 90% of the work. I would not ever recommend having ai do 100% of the work for you, right? But 80 to 90% and then you do the editorial final, like check mark of approval on what it did, or correct it to adjust. And you're gonna, you're gonna get stuff out there faster to reach people faster.

Tiffany Quinones 37:47
Yeah, I'm noticing a shift to an increase in people are now interacting on my business Facebook page more than they were when I first started, and then also on Instagram, my regular, Facebook, whatever. But I'm like, now this is cool. So I'm seeing an increase in things since I've got my messaging and since I've been utilizing awesome, I'm loving the Sora app. It had me roller skate into a fence without injuring myself, so that was cool. But I'm like, oh, in normal cases, I think you might have had to call 911, for a back injury. But I'm great, yeah. And people think it's real too. They're like, nice hair, nice jeans. And I'm like, thank you. So this is cool. Well, thank you so much. I'm glad for the playing

Jeremiah Krakowski 38:41
around with the the cinema studio inside of Higgs field right here, where it can create like cinematic scenes that look like they were, like filmed with a with a film camera. Now this one was weird. It did a backwards driving car, but the shot composition and all of that is really cool. This is with Higgs fields cinema studio that they just created. Or you like, you generate a frame, and then you can tell it like, how you want that frame to be and all that. Very fun. I want to play more around with that. Oh, that. That was actually something I wanted to show you guys yesterday, again, was my son's birthday. Well, we're going to see monster trucks with him for his for his birthday. On Saturday, we're going to the moody Center here in Austin, the Hot Wheels Monster Truck Show is in town, and so what I did was I used AI to create a Paulson's birthday video. Can you guys hear the audio if I play something on here? Do you hear that? No, okay. Well, anyways, I made a video of a guy like saying, hey, Halston, it's your birthday. I can't I heard you got tickets to see the Hot Wheels Monster Truck Show. And then like has like these, these clips of the monster truck show, and they're like, make sure you bring your brother and your parents and your auntie Julie. And so he loved that for his birthday. He was able to like that. He was like, they knew it was my birthday. He thought it was real, so little bit of the magic there. It was fun. All right, let's see anybody who's marketing an offer or something like that, and you want some help with iterating through the stuff I'll I'll tell you one of the number one things to do is create a new offer. So what's up?

APG 41:06
One of the things I was wanting to ask about is creating a marketing calendar for a launch that I have planned for March the 15th. So working back from that date, what's the what's the best AI tool for for doing that kind of work,

Jeremiah Krakowski 41:26
a marketing calendar. What does that mean?

APG 41:29
Just, you know, to figure out when you're going to send out what you know.

Jeremiah Krakowski 41:34
Oh, just, you just use chat GPT for that. Okay?

APG 41:42
One of the things I wanted to

Jeremiah Krakowski 41:45
any of them will do pretty good at that, are pretty good at coming up with like, that type of thing. What do you

APG 41:54
think about I noticed in the was it the Black Friday offer where you were doing Instagram, like, five and $10 promos? Do you remember that? Yeah, yeah, you used a, like, a countdown timer, and it activated once I clicked on it, you know, it started counting down. So I don't know if you call that like a dynamic timer.

Jeremiah Krakowski 42:25
Yeah, it's this tool called deadline funnel.

APG 42:27
Deadline, yeah, I've looked at that. How does this compare to the timer that's built into go high level?

Jeremiah Krakowski 42:35
The one in go high level should work. I think they have a dynamic timer and go high level too.

APG 42:43
Yeah, I just, I don't really know how to test it, I guess, to make sure that it actually is doing what, what I want it to do,

Jeremiah Krakowski 42:55
open up a new browser and have, like, a different email address and go through your funnel yourself and test it out. Okay, where I would ask too. This is so this is perplexity Pro. I'm having it check all these different dynamic countdown timers and go high level. So it checked all these YouTube videos, and it's showing these are all YouTube videos on how to set up a dynamic go high level countdown timer.

43:26
Oh, cool. So that's

Jeremiah Krakowski 43:28
what I love about perplexity, is you can kind of do a search term and it's going to pull up a ton of videos for you on that topic. It'll pull up different articles, but that's going to condense it all into an answer. So you can create a timer, create a dynamic timer, fixed or recurring, set your duration, set an end time, add it to your page and emails testing it. Run a complete test by sending yourself a test email with the timer embedded. Compare the countdown times on different locations Yeah, so I would, I would, you could check out. I mean, these are, these are all YouTube videos right here, how to use dynamic countdown timer and go high level, cool. That's right there. So, yeah, so YouTube again. This is why, like, I love, I just, this is why I have so many different AI tools. Yes, it costs me a little bit. I got this for free, though, like, if you have a, most people can get a perplexity account for free if they have, like, a PayPal account or a Venmo perplexity is free account. Works great. Anyways, you don't even need a paid account of perplexity, really, to do a lot of the great work with it. And so you can just go into the free version of perplexity and just ask the question, you know about dynamic content timers, and it'll pull up different videos you can watch on how to set it up.

APG 45:05
Yep, so what? What's perplexity good at compared to chat? GPT, yeah, and the other one that you just told us about, Manus.

Jeremiah Krakowski 45:17
Well, Manus is an AI agent that does like work for you. So, like, it'll actually go in and go into your it can go into your software and actually, like, do stuff for you, right?

APG 45:31
I want to make it vacuum my floors, yeah.

Jeremiah Krakowski 45:34
Well, Elon Musk is working on that with his Optimus robots. That's coming. Not here yet, though, perplexity, it searches the web for it has a really fast search algorithm in it that's able to search and then, kind of like it, finds all these different sources on your topic, and then brings them together with an answer, and it does so very quickly with really accurate answers from like, what's out there by searching multiple sources. So if I'm looking up like, how do I do XYZ? I'm going to do that because perplexity is gonna be able to go find YouTube videos and what's on different articles, bring them all together and tell me the best way to do those things. And I could give a follow up question that chat GPT kind of is its own. I think the experience of chat GPT is really good. I like what it does for sales copy. I'm probably nostalgic with chat GBT, because it was the first one that came out. I like grok because grok is uncensored, so grok can do a lot of like you want to ask it something that some of these agents are like, Oh, I can't answer that. Grok can do that for some reason, like, sometimes some marketing and sales questions. It won't do that. It'll be like, Well, if you sell it that way, it could manipulate people to buy from you. And I'm like, I don't need that, like, guilting, right? I don't need you to try to, like, guilt me into, like, not doing my sales funnel. Chat. GPT sometimes does that, whereas grok won't. If I ask certain questions like that, I use a lot well, I mainly use chat GPT for most stuff, or I'll use Gemini from Google. Gemini and chat GPT are pretty similar, and then one of the ways I like I use AI frequently is if I'm dealing with any sort of limiting beliefs or blocks or anything that is affecting me in my life, or I'm struggling with communication in some way, or I don't know what to Say in some situation, I will use AI like chat GPT or grok or things like that, to know how to go through a certain process, like I had it. I had to guide me through my whole insurance claim for our roof, and was able to get more money out of the claim because chat GPT was able to help me go through and know kind of what to watch out for. For instance, like I was able to prevent the roofing company from holding all of my funds and taking them for work that they weren't doing, because I was able to get a script for what to say to the roofing company to prevent that from happening. But they couldn't that they couldn't deny either. And so, like, there's a lot of different stuff. You know, we were able to get like, $70,000 for our insurance claim in the last, like, last year, for our house, for a hailstorm, because chat GPT was able to literally navigate through what to say, how to submit certain stuff and all that. And it's all, it's all legitimate too. You know, chat G what's, what's nice is, because chat GBT is, is not going to allow me commit, to commit, like, insurance fraud. So it was like, Okay, you can do this. It's like, you can't do that, because it that would be that, it's like, but then it was like, there's one thing it was like, in the state of Texas, this is legal to do, it's common to do this. Here's the law. Why it's okay to do it. Sure enough it was, it was okay to do, to do, you know, certain things. So like, I was, I was able to set up my own general contracting company for our insurance claim. So like, that was something that was really unique.

APG 49:44
Wow, that's cool.

Jeremiah Krakowski 49:46
Not legal in California. It isn't it is in Texas, for instance, different Different states have different laws.

APG 49:55
California is pretty jacked up,

Jeremiah Krakowski 49:56
yeah, yeah, exactly. But it was, I was like, I had it like, you know, review all that. I was like, yeah. It was like, like, you set up a company. You You can invoice the insurance company for work that was done by your own contractors, you know. And so great, awesome. I'm going to spend 500 bucks and set up a company to be able to do that, you know. And it's 100% legit. It was awesome. Yeah, most people don't know they could do that. And it was, it was, it was awesome.

APG 50:30
So, so got a question about the building a website with lovable Yeah, is, can you, can you make it build a site with within your high level landing pages. Or, do you need no, does it? Is it self hosted? I mean, how does that?

Jeremiah Krakowski 50:48
Yeah, so, yeah, lovable it's, it's hosted on their their site. They have, they have a whole thing called lovable cloud, where they can do your hosting, your back end, your database, all of that, which is you can enable it, and which is really cool. You can even add AI tools into it, which is awesome. It can literally, you can add AI right, create your own AI apps right in it. But when you go to publish the project, it's similar to, like, think of it like its own separate platforms. Like, it'll be like, BHRT guide, dot lovable, dot app, and then I could add a custom domain or a sub domain right here. Okay, so, but it's going to be at its own kind of self contained thing, yes, and so, but what I was able to do is that I was able to have like, a va kind of copy this and re and replicate it for me in go high level, or in Squarespace, you could have lovable do, like the prototyping to where it comes up with, like the concept that then you could then rebuild. And so that's the other thing, too. Again, I think that that's a great thing that you can do if you want to stick with go high level again. That's why I like sticking with Squarespace in one prompt. I literally this was one prompt to build this whole page. I can have it prototype, a funnel for me and lovable, and then I can go rebuild it and go high level. I can just like, build out, okay, I'm gonna, you know, I'm gonna build out the the headline and the buttons and all that, and I can just go through and build out what it already created inside of go high level myself. So what I would like to see, and I think they should, whoever does this, that in the marketing world is going to make bank. I'm like, what? Maybe I should do it, right? I don't. Unfortunately, I don't see that happening, because I'm like, I don't have the infrastructure. It would be a more of a company that's already set up, that would already do it. They need to add this whole AI agent to go high level and have it build out all your stuff and go high level. You know that, but which I'm sure is coming. But now to build that like they're gonna have to basically rebuild, go high level again to do that, but I'm sure, I'm sure they're working behind the scenes on that feature. Yeah, but for now, lovable can prototype what you're doing, and you can either launch it at its own domain name or sub domain to launch it right there and send traffic to it. Because if you guys go to this right here, BHRT guide, dot, lovable dot app, or I could add it to a domain name, it'll send you straight to this page right here. I'm

Jeremiah Krakowski 53:44
there are AI agents in go high level, but they are for contacting other people. They don't have agents that build out your whole system for you, your whole funnel. Do they? Shonda, hold

Shonda Whitworth 54:01
on, Jeremiah, I'm taking a screenshot and send you a screenshot of what I see in mine.

Jeremiah Krakowski 54:05
Can you just share your screen?

Shonda Whitworth 54:09
Yeah, I can do that.

Shonda Whitworth 54:16
Let me see share. I'm multitasking, spent a lot of tabs open. But here's the tab with the AI agents. I've never used it.

Jeremiah Krakowski 54:27
Those are voice those are voice agents for people that can like, they can do like calls for you, or they can do like conversations with your leads.

Shonda Whitworth 54:35
And then here, here's, here's that one. I'm getting started. Then you click on this one, there's agent studio. And I'm not

Jeremiah Krakowski 54:41
ever, yeah, that's that's only for connecting with leads or responding to leads that come in.

Shonda Whitworth 54:48
So I've never played with this in here, in the time that I have attempted to do anything. Here's agent templates, yep,

Jeremiah Krakowski 55:00
like conversation bots and stuff,

Shonda Whitworth 55:02
and then content, yeah, anything that I've clicked on, I would have to see upgrade here, yeah. And so I've not ever upgraded what I'm already paying for to use. So they, they have started with AI agents on the inside, right?

Jeremiah Krakowski 55:22
Yeah, they've had that for almost two years. I think they've had this type of feature.

Shonda Whitworth 55:28
So, like I said, I've not used it, yeah, so here's, here's the planner. Like he was talking about the planner, like, here's the planner. You can do your planning, your blog, your funnel, website and email. Here's a whole planner right here. Yeah. Anyway, there's, there's more in here than what I'm actually using.

Jeremiah Krakowski 55:51
So right what I would like to see though them as though to go right into your funnels, website, landing pages, all of that

Shonda Whitworth 55:59
that would be great to and

Jeremiah Krakowski 56:00
actually build out your you just give it some sales copy and tell it build my whole funnel.

Shonda Whitworth 56:10
That would that's

Jeremiah Krakowski 56:11
what lovable does, and it does it really, really well, really fast.

Shonda Whitworth 56:16
Yeah. So all these here are conversations. So like, if I wanted to set up one of these. They can have a conversation with the AI bot. Like, like, what you set up for your inside your membership, yeah. Like, that. Is that what this is here,

Jeremiah Krakowski 56:34
sort of, again, it's more of a more like appointment setting sales assistant, okay? And they're not even like that. That great. A lot of these types of tools yet at selling to people, they're getting better, okay? But, yeah,

Shonda Whitworth 57:02
okay, so that's what all this I've not ever explored it. I just saw this AI agent over here on the on the menu, and I've explored it and played with it.

Jeremiah Krakowski 57:12
Yeah, I'd be interested to see if, like Manus, could go in to go high level and use its agent to build out your your funnel.

Shonda Whitworth 57:19
Yeah, that would be I was, I just came in a little bit when you were talking about menace. Now, I've built some agents in chat GBT, but I've never played with

Jeremiah Krakowski 57:28
Yeah, so again, the term agent is been has a lot of different meanings. An agent in chat GBT is essentially just answering you in a different way. It's going to give you different answers based on the kind of the parameters you set, right? It'll be able to filter your content differently, okay? Tools like Manus and lovable, they actually they build things that you previously would have had to either have somebody else hire somebody to do, or take a lot of time yourself to do. So that's, that's why they're kind of little bit different of a type of an agent. Is, is they're really, they're more like, like, robots that are able to do a lot of that stuff.

Shonda Whitworth 58:26
So, well, that's good. Well, I look forward to the one that vacuums like Rosie. I was always like, oh, I want Rosie that's gonna come out. Yeah. I don't know if you're old enough to remember Rosie. Jeremiah Jetsons,

APG 58:41
oh yeah, she cooks for you too.

Jeremiah Krakowski 58:48
I never watched the Jetsons, so

APG 58:51
you can see it on YouTube.

Jeremiah Krakowski 58:54
Yeah, I watched. I've seen it. I just, I've not, I know my mom watched the Jetsons a lot. Everyone talked about that a lot of what's in the Jetsons we have now,

APG 59:06
I know, but,

Jeremiah Krakowski 59:12
all right, anything else that we want to look at or review, as far as our marketing or our sales copy, or what we're building and things like that.

APG 59:24
Just looking for some suggestions for better onboarding and into my membership to increase retention.

Jeremiah Krakowski 59:33
Great. Definitely have like a Fast Start Training video that you have people go to have an email sequence for the first two weeks that emails them, like every other day with how to get the most out of it. And, like, really spend some time, like, personally, like, kind of writing those emails. You can have an AI help you come up with, like, the outline for what those emails would be, and then kind of edit them. That's what I did for mine. I had it like, give me kind of like the brainstorm of that, but I will tell you for retention, my free trial of the wealthy coach Academy, I tripled my retention when I added a two week email sequence to it for people that grab that trial. Because what I did was, for two weeks I would want now anybody who joins that's new, I walk them through how to get the most out of our program. I need to go back and kind of edit them a little bit. But it still is very effective. It works very well. It guides and directs people where to go, what to do, to get the most out of it. So really, there's that if you're able to get their phone number, you can even add in, like, a texting thing where you text them once or twice a week for a couple weeks, on how to get the most out of the program as well. I don't have that implemented right now, but I I'd love to explore that. But really what it is is it's just kind of reminding people of what they signed up for, how to get the most out of it, and then coming at it from different angles. And then sort of what I did was have some empathy for, like, the fact that, like, Okay, after two weeks, sometimes people feel like, embarrassed that they haven't done anything yet. And I kind of like threw that in there. I was like, there's no reason to feel embarrassed. Like you can make today your first day in the program, even if you never done anything, you know, it's okay, like you're not behind because you've been ignored all these emails, you know, just kind of helping people realize that was helpful. So that's that would be the onboarding, yeah, Fast Start Training Video, something that they can watch. I even added a video like as soon as they sign up that they can watch. That kind of directs them on where to go. So, yeah, a couple emails. Videos to like, like, some like, first your first, first steps, videos where to go. Give people, like, a starting track to start with that. I'll take them at least

APG 1:02:17
about so the the first two weeks. Emails, did you say every other day?

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:02:21
Yeah, I would do every other day, or every three days. Okay, yeah. So you might end up sending, you know, set five to seven emails over the course of two weeks to them just on how to use the program. Those are called consumption emails. You're helping them consume what they purchased. You're helping onboard them with that. So, yep,

APG 1:02:46
okay, consumption emails, all right,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:02:51
noticing how, like, I said, class, and then showing people how to use level and all that to their landing pages. Because I want to show people, like how fast they can go through all this, because even, like, a year ago, you had to know a lot more about marketing than you do today, and now a lot of the graphic design stuff is really good chat. GBT and Gemini are really, really good at making graphics marketing graphics, and they can take you, can take a couple of photos of you and then have it create an image of of you in a different setting, or things like that. And so, like, for instance, I I was having some fun, loading up some images. My wife thought these were hilarious. I told it to make me a 90s rapper. It

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:03:59
took these photos right here. I was like. I was like, that's funny. How my hat is. They turn me into a 90s wrapper,

APG 1:04:14
the boombox.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:04:17
I thought those were, those are great. I it.

APG 1:04:24
So that is that's awesome.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:04:28
Yeah, Shonda, has he got your hand raised? What's up? Shonda, yeah, I

Shonda Whitworth 1:04:34
just want to ask if I can share my screen again. I found something else. Um, let me see, but still have permission back over here and go high level. I clicked on the funnels tab, and then over here is a build with AI, and I click that. Now I've got an AI generated funnel, but when I click that, look what happens. It takes you to this. And it's like, start creating your funnel page, ask AI, and you got all this assist over here. You got sections and start elements and generate everything with AI, oh, cool.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:05:14
So, so have you? Have you told us to generate something? No, I

Shonda Whitworth 1:05:19
just found it. I just now found it while, while I was clicking around, when you said, Oh, that'd be great if they had it on funnels. And I'm like, Well, let me click around.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:05:26
Yeah, I would this is, this is okay. I would like them to still do it kind of more like lovable where it's it gets more creative.

Shonda Whitworth 1:05:36
And so here's how can I

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:05:41
see, Create Request, start with a suggestion.

Shonda Whitworth 1:05:44
Okay, draft the three stage, follow up funnel,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:05:49
so it does have that now,

Shonda Whitworth 1:05:52
all right, so yeah, I mean, I'm gonna, I guess I'll be playing around with this and see what I can.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:05:58
Type in, type in something, type in, make me a funnel to promote my my book with Facebook ads. Let's just see what it does.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:06:18
All right, cool, and then you could, you could paste your sales copy into here. Okay, yeah, it looks like they, they have implemented this, okay. Well, now I need to go play around with this.

Shonda Whitworth 1:06:38
Look at this generating hero. I mean, yeah, this is, I didn't know I had this in here, till you like, oh, wouldn't that be great,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:06:48
yeah, so that's and that's where everything starts with, wouldn't that be great? And then once it gets implemented, it's like, Wow, that's great.

Shonda Whitworth 1:06:57
Like, wouldn't that be great? And I'm like, oh, okay, well, all right,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:07:01
all right. So now it's generating the different sections, the benefits section, author, credibility. Here, go grab your sales. Copy real quick. Go to your landing page.

Shonda Whitworth 1:07:15
Go to a landing page. Here's a landing page. Just

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:07:18
press CTRL A on your keyboard control.

Shonda Whitworth 1:07:21
A, yep, okay, I'm on a Mac. Does that

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:07:26
Command A, Command A, okay, yeah, click on the page and press Command A, okay, and then command C,

Shonda Whitworth 1:07:36
Command C, all right, then go back to here. Okay.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:07:43
Once it's done doing this, here's what I want to see. This is how I would play around with it right here. This is awesome, though. So, yeah, when did this launch?

Shonda Whitworth 1:07:56
I don't know. I just found it just now when you said, Oh, wouldn't that be great

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:07:59
if they had it high level as and I just know, okay, this launched in July. Wow. All right,

Shonda Whitworth 1:08:07
so there's got so that, so it generated that.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:08:12
Okay, now go. Remove that was a sub headline. Remove that x

Shonda Whitworth 1:08:20
we're at. Where at this? This?

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:08:23
X here, no, down here. What says sub headline by plan, build, modify.

Shonda Whitworth 1:08:27
How do I give you my screen thing? How do you do that?

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:08:30
No, I want you to do it yourself. Go sub headline.

Shonda Whitworth 1:08:34
Sub headline, right here. Click

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:08:35
that. X, yeah. Okay, can I press paste? Okay. Now scroll the top. Scroll all the way the top of that prompt window.

Shonda Whitworth 1:08:49
Okay, I'm at the top.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:08:50
Okay, type right before that and put edit the sales copy and landing page to match this copy I'm

Shonda Whitworth 1:09:07
and then hit this. Yep, there you go, yeah.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:09:18
So it looks like they launched, so then

Shonda Whitworth 1:09:21
you just go in and change your content. Colors and Buttons and Forms and from

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:09:30
what it looks like. Yeah, no updates were made. I need you to provide see. They need to get better at that.

Shonda Whitworth 1:09:39
Oh, so they need it labeled. They need each section labeled. So you can't just grab the whole thing. They want each so

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:09:45
here's what I'm wondering. Go back, take a new funnel. Come yes, they want you to click on each section and then make it so it only made that one landing page. So you would have to, okay, build with AI beta? Yeah, it's a beta. It's in beta. Yes, they

Shonda Whitworth 1:10:12
all right the build.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:10:19
This launched in October. They just added this in October. So this is pretty new, yeah, oh well.

Shonda Whitworth 1:10:29
It launched in October and it's new, then it's on its way.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:10:33
Yeah, because they'll, they'll, they'll build out. You can also have their AI build out automations for you, too.

Shonda Whitworth 1:10:41
Oh, automations would be great. I get hung up on automations,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:10:45
press generate with AI that button. Okay, so it's yeah, it's

Shonda Whitworth 1:10:53
there. Now, hit, okay.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:10:55
Now type in the little box, create my funnel for an offer using this sales copy, and then paste it, because, again, essentially chat GBT or something, you can kind of create your sales copy, and then you can paste it into here, and then you can just start

Shonda Whitworth 1:11:17
to edit it inside of here.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:11:19
Nice. There you go, send message, yep.

Shonda Whitworth 1:11:23
So maybe that, maybe that's a workaround, so I don't have to put each heading, yeah.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:11:28
So that's what it's doing. But then for you to edit it, you gotta go through each section looks like. So to make edits, what they're requiring you to do is to do each section, okay, separately, where lovable is really cool is you can just talk to it about the page in general, and it'll intelligently say, Okay, let's edit this. Let's do that. Which is really cool, yeah, so this is, this is all brand new stuff with go high level. Yeah?

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:12:05
Let's see AI tools in the room

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:12:14
to respond.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:12:40
This is about how fast a lot of these tools are. So it's not going to be, you know, like,

Shonda Whitworth 1:12:45
like, supersonic speed or anything you got time to go get a refill or whatever. Yeah,

Shonda Whitworth 1:13:00
this is putting it together section by section. Yep, that's

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:13:12
what it's doing. Well.

Shonda Whitworth 1:13:21
This is going to make putting funnels together so much quicker.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:13:25
Yeah, and I think every, every funnel tool, is going to start doing this.

Shonda Whitworth 1:13:40
Well, I got, I didn't get a funnel over here this time. It just,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:13:47
no, it's gonna, it's gonna make it. It's still making it.

Shonda Whitworth 1:13:50
It's still making it. Okay, yeah, scroll down,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:13:57
yeah, it's still generating it. Okay.

Shonda Whitworth 1:14:04
I don't know how it's going to get that kind of font in there. I had to make, there you go. I had to make graphics to get different fonts.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:14:13
That's pretty good look at that. I don't know who Sarah Matthews is, but I don't either that's where you got to edit it, but

Shonda Whitworth 1:14:27
I get an edit from Sarah Matthews to Shonda Whitworth. But yeah,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:14:33
this is cool, though. Oh.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:14:43
I don't know who Sarah is. I know neither.

Shonda Whitworth 1:14:47
I don't know where it pulls Sarah from, and I don't know where it got her picture. That's okay, but that's where you can edit it. That's pretty cool, though. You got a before and after section. I mean, this is great. You got your case studies right here,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:15:07
so I guess that answers your question. Nathan, yeah,

Shonda Whitworth 1:15:13
well, I'm glad, I'm glad you asked that, Nathan, because I didn't know it was here till we started playing

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:15:20
now, you ought to, you want to then build out the other pages too, right?

Shonda Whitworth 1:15:26
But look at this. I mean, this page, it's gonna let me see if there's a preview. I don't see a preview now, because I don't have anything connected, I gotta connect.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:15:34
Well, you could probably click that preview link.

Shonda Whitworth 1:15:36
Where is the preview link? Do you see it? It should

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:15:39
be that link that long, right here. Yeah, right there.

Shonda Whitworth 1:15:44
Okay, so there, there it is.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:15:47
So, so still need some, like photos and stuff like that,

Shonda Whitworth 1:15:52
yeah, but, but look, this is a great place to start, so don't have to, and

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:15:57
that's what I'm saying for most people now with go high level, with lovable, with all the like building, but I will say, I still will kind of like, what lovable makes a little bit better.

Shonda Whitworth 1:16:14
But then it's got these menu things up there, which I wouldn't want on a funnel,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:16:17
but you can delete that. Yeah, it's not going to be perfect.

Shonda Whitworth 1:16:22
No, no, but hey, this is a great place to like, I'm I'm glad you asked that, and I'm glad I was clicking around while he was talking about it, and I was just clicking around like, hey, like, what's here? So learn something awesome. So I'm glad I'm not the only go high level user here.

APG 1:16:48
Seriously, glad you're here.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:16:53
Yeah, it looks like, well, here's what's going to happen. We're going to see a shift where, like, the AI tools are going to take the forefront for all these funnel builders. Because why would I sit there and drag and drop all these buttons myself and come up with that or use some tired template when I can, literally, you can do that right?

Shonda Whitworth 1:17:17
Because I mean, some of the templates it put in there, I wouldn't have thought about choosing but I kind of like them, yeah, but I wouldn't have chosen them because I wouldn't have known how to put them in there. But, yeah, that's, that's cool,

Shonda Whitworth 1:17:36
awesome. Well, thanks. Interesting.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:17:39
My my buddy who builds out funnels, he says, I've not used it, but what I do is, I tell chat GPT to actually make me an image of the whole funnel, and then he just builds it out himself.

Shonda Whitworth 1:17:52
Okay, well, see, and I use chat GPT for tech help, and then I'll it, may miss it, because I've got a white label, and I'll upload screenshots, and the buttons will be in different places, and then it'll help me with the tech help. And I've not had to contact tech support in a while, but I am going to need to contact them here pretty soon. On one idea, I'm connecting a domain name, but yeah, other than that, I get really good help with chat GPT, for GHL, for the technical stuff, yeah,

APG 1:18:28
yeah, I agree. I i use it for for things I'm stuck with, with different applications I use and stuff where I just don't know how to do something, I'll ask chat GPT, and it'll give me better advice than perusing a manual. Yeah, yeah,

Shonda Whitworth 1:18:44
that's it. Or find or finding a YouTube, although finding YouTube, things are much easier now with the what you were using with the Google AI, or because Google and

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:18:57
yeah, Google,

Shonda Whitworth 1:18:59
it'll it'll put it to a certain minute marker on a YouTube video, so you don't have to screw the whole so you don't have to scrub the whole video or that Well, I

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:19:08
think, I think, my goodness, YouTube is so outdated that it uses the way it uses search right now. It needs to. They need to get their Gemini app in there and integrate it with their AI to be able to help you like have the old school YouTube. But then what I want is I want something that can help me find answers to questions I have with any problem, right?

Shonda Whitworth 1:19:35
Because everything is transcripted.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:19:37
Give me 20 YouTube videos and take me the exact part that has that thing I'm trying to solve. My goodness, yeah,

Shonda Whitworth 1:19:44
well, it's done that for me with the Google AI

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:19:48
in Gemini,

Shonda Whitworth 1:19:49
yeah. And

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:19:51
what I'm envisioning is a whole YouTube experience that just does that right on YouTube.

Shonda Whitworth 1:19:55
Oh, it doesn't do that in

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:19:57
I think that would be really cool. I

Shonda Whitworth 1:19:58
haven't, I haven't even, I hadn't even searched in YouTube much because I haven't had that good of experience. So I don't know, but when Jim and I, yeah, it will take you to that minute. It'll put it'll put the play button right at that minute where the topic that you're looking for. And so I don't know if those creators created the timestamps, or if there's just finding that point. No, it's just finding from the transcript.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:20:29
Okay, yeah, it's just finding it. Okay. Oh, interesting. I can add, I can add notebook LM notebooks into Gemini, too. I can do. They have guided learning. They have visual layout that's interesting.

Shonda Whitworth 1:20:46
And notebook is making some really good did I learn it from you? Jeremiah, maybe the PowerPoint PowerPoints? Yeah.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:20:56
Notebook is really cool. Notebook has a deep research function that does really well too. So I did this new visual layout function. I'm asking it a question about a specific problem in like a video game right here. Everything goes back to video games for me when I'm testing stuff, how do I win with a domination win in Civ seven? So I want to see because I couldn't find the answer to this, like six months ago. I

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:21:25
me see you're

Shonda Whitworth 1:21:26
in Gemini right now. Yeah,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:21:31
it's creating a visual layout. It says it's just very interesting. I don't know what that is. There we go. Military victory. Improve your roadmap to conquest.

Shonda Whitworth 1:21:44
See, they didn't put those videos on them on a minute marker, like I've seen before.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:21:50
Yeah, that's funny. It's interactive. How many hours with this game? Probably about 25 it's so funny. Which leader are you playing? Yeah, so that's this visual layout one they also have guided learning.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:22:16
What's the best way to start building a robotics tool with AI that can do work for me.

Shonda Whitworth 1:22:25
Okay, so you're on a different gemini.google.com, I was using google.com/ai what's the difference between those two? Oh, I don't know. So that's where I would search something, and I would get an actual minute marker.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:22:41
Whoa. What is this?

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:22:52
Okay, so this is, this is Google's version of perplexity. Is what it is, yeah, I use Google's AI mode. Yeah, you can do thinking with reasoning right here. This is super cool.

Shonda Whitworth 1:23:06
Yeah, I use that a lot. Yeah, you haven't been using that.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:23:09
What? No,

Shonda Whitworth 1:23:11
I've been using this. This has been like, my main thing when I don't want to use up my chat GPT, because I got my chat GPT trained for my business, so when I'm doing stuff that's not specifically business, I use this interesting.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:23:27
This is great, yeah, so this is, I just thought there was only

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:23:38
just Gemini for AI, let me see, because I have a Gemini pro account right here.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:23:55
Deep research videos, Canvas, no, okay, so then here's the top results YouTube videos. They clicked on videos,

Shonda Whitworth 1:24:05
yeah, and then, and sometimes there it will have it put at the minute mark that I need to go to in certain, in certain things say, you know, but yeah, that's where, that's where it's setting that for me. And then you can use a lot of times there's a dive deeper button there. I don't see a dive deeper button that you can click on, and it'll just, you can just keep going, but, but, yeah, so google.com/ai, in the AI mode. Yeah. Oh. Interesting.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:24:48
All right, well, I've not used that. I want to use Gemini.

Shonda Whitworth 1:24:53
Yeah, I use that for I use that from my phone all the time. I just talked to it, and it's just so easy, just like what one of the ladies earlier was talking to chat. GBT, no, I just talked to that, and it spits out the answers. Now, I gotta read the answers. But yeah, how

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:25:10
do you access it?

Shonda Whitworth 1:25:12
Just on Safari on my phone.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:25:15
Oh, interesting. The version right here. So this says try Gemini,

Shonda Whitworth 1:25:21
but I just opened up Safari and Google and hit Google and hit AI mode. Okay, using Safari, I

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:25:48
let's see. So that did not pull up any necessarily videos for me, but it's kind of like a, like a, it's kind of like perplexity, a little bit. That's what they're trying to compete with at least.

Shonda Whitworth 1:26:17
Yeah, I've gotten to where I've even trained my husband, instead of asking me all these things that I may not know, I'm like, just open up and ask Google. AI, yeah, like, yeah, anyway, yeah, I'm surprised you didn't know that one.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:26:39
Yeah, there's so many different things that

Shonda Whitworth 1:26:42
there are, there's, there are, they're just like, it's mind blowing. And it's just, yeah, if we don't learn it, it's, we're gonna get left out, left behind, yeah.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:26:55
There's a tool called the Claude code that I want to play around with. Pwd code. It's more it's for coding, because

Shonda Whitworth 1:27:03
I play with Claude AI, but I don't

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:27:05
know this is Claude code. Okay? It's a, it's it's a command line app that is a coding agent to build software, and you can spin up like multiple agents to just do every aspect of what you're trying to develop, and it'll it can build out software for you really quickly using clawed code, and it's better than any of the other stuff that's out there. Wow. So we can get, we can get bogged down by all these AI tools. Oh my gosh, there's so much stuff. But it's like, what I like to do is, okay, let's rise above it and say, Okay, I have this vision. I have this plan that I'm doing in my business. This is what I got to create. How do I use the AI to help me get this done faster? How do I have it help me get my work done faster?

Shonda Whitworth 1:27:53
Yeah, well, my big takeaway is, like, I didn't know that AI was in GHL, so I am looking forward to using that. So that's my big takeaway today.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:28:01
Yeah, that's that's huge, yeah,

Shonda Whitworth 1:28:05
and build funnels faster, yeah,

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:28:09
that's very cool. That's incredible. All right? Well, I think we're ready to log off here.

APG 1:28:25
Yeah, thank you so much. You bet.

Jeremiah Krakowski 1:28:28
All right, everybody, next week, we have our VIP call and we have our live training. Next week, have a good one. We'll talk soon.

APG 1:28:37
You too. Have a great week. Bye. Bye.
