Client Growth Accelerator LIVE Training
Date: 2022-11-07T20:00:49.000Z
Duration: 74 min
Otter ID: vswL3DAKDg6tc2KJ49_Q4bqFmY4
---

[0:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here we go, everybody. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. This is amazing. Let's do this. I'm so excited to be here. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome, everybody. Welcome to the recording. Welcome. Today we're gonna go stream it live in the group. Gonna go stream it live in the group, welcome. How are we doing? How's everything going? Do you shave your beard off? Or your mustache? Eric?

[10:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, sir. All right. Well, let me I'm trying to log in on Facebook, but I'm having a little bit of trouble. So just give me a moment here. Based on Facebook, there we go. I gotta get a code on my computer. My mom got locked out of her Facebook this week. So she's not even been in there, which is fun.

[19:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Five, seven. give you all the code, you're gonna hack my account. Just kidding. People worry about that. Like, is it that easy to hack? I mean, it is but it isn't at the same time. So let's see live on zoom here. live training and q&a. Listen, I'm excited to be here with everybody. I'm excited to be in this group, this group has completely. We go live in the group here. Make sure I'm actually in the right group. This is being live streamed. Awesome. So now I'm glad they have those like notifications that tell you just by using the software. Because then I don't have to say it is awesome, is I think all software and apps actually should have built into them these notifications that tell people like you're being tracked, you should know this. And then your comments could go viral, if you comment on this could get screenshotted, things like that. So what I wanted to share is is that this, this group has changed my life and my wife's life. We sorry, will be choked up we, since working with my mom, we went into significant credit card debt, initially. And we just paid it all off yesterday. So now we don't have any credit card debt. And we're we're growing our investment portfolio or over $10,000 there and over 20,000 and savings, we're saving up for a house. So we actually saved while we were paying stuff off, and it helped accelerate us saving a lot of there's some bad advice out there, that you should pay off your debt before you invest. I don't think that that's a good advice, I think that you should be investing while you're paying your debt off. I think that that will actually help accelerate you. So I'm going to actually, I wanted to prove that as a truth because I was testing that out. And a lot of the things that I learned from different mentors and stuff, I'm always proving them. And so, for instance, that advice like you should never invest until all your debt is paid off. We saw an acceleration in our debt being paid off by making investment. And so I I think that that's actually important for you to realize that holding on so tightly, just to the money you have just so you don't lose it, we gotta let go of that. That poverty mindset and that poverty mentality that that living with lack brings into our life, that living without brings into our life that we never want to live without, again, right? I don't want to go into this debt again. But I also know that I need to grow it and I need to increase the amount of money that I have. And so if anything, this group isn't just about you making an income. This group is about you increasing the amount of money that's that you have that you can do with so that you that you have investments, you have the business and you don't have to worry, how am I going to pay for things we're about to see one of the biggest recessions I think, ever bigger than 2008, possibly in the next couple of months, possibly starting this month. That could start anytime, and it's important for you to be prepared financially and one of the best way used to do that is to grow a business, to build a business to make more money than you've ever made before. So that you're not relying on a company to pay you. So that you're not relying on. You know, if you have savings, your your, your dollar is losing value. And so growing, it helps at least keep you to where your savings is worth what it's worth and, and building a business is an investment, you're investing in yourself by being here in this group, you're investing in yourself, every time that you ask in the group, a question about your business, you're investing in yourself when you start using Jasper and writing your copy. And so I want you to think as well of your time as an investment, a lot of you may not feel you have a lot of money to invest. But you can make money. And that's what I want to help you do if you have money, start investing. And if you have even like some open on your credit card, using a small portion of that, say 10% of it 20% of what you have opened on your credit card, as your ad spent with the idea of I'm going to pay that ad spend off in the next two weeks from the sales that come in why I say 10 to 20% of what you have openings, because it's not going to break you. If you spend that much on ads, it's not going to put you into financial hole, if you spend that on ads, and it only brings in half as much. And so you're able to mitigate that risk by doing that, honestly, I never have ever paid with paid for ads, on cash, that's always going to be credit. Because I am making an investment with credit to grow my business to to increase the amount of people that I'm in front of. And so that's an important thing. That's why paying off your debt is really great. Because now it opens up the possibility of you being able to invest more into ADS and scale things. When you hear people say, Oh, I spent 20,000 and ads. Well, how did they do that? If they didn't have that? A lot of people it is their credit, being able to do that, I wouldn't recommend that you start with 20,000 in ads for most people $300 for their first campaign is a good amount $500 On their first campaigns a good amount if you have a $3,000 credit card that's 10% of that. And so most of us can find $300 That if we lose that much, it's not going to break us financially and put us out on the street. Okay, and then you say, okay, that campaign didn't work. Let's try it next month and making that your mindset about the money that you spend in your business, that it's to grow things that it's to produce a specific result. And so when you write your copy, when you write your sales copy, you're making an investment into yourself into your future and into your business. I did a podcast episode this week that I recommend that everybody in the group also check out. It's called braking, or oh, wait, you know what, it's not up yet. It's not up yet. I need to upload it later. It's it's still in draft. But when it's up, I will tell you to go look at it. It is I believe it's private on YouTube, to sign and so with that being private over here.

[130:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right better sales copy that connects with more paid clients. It's a 25 minute podcast episode that I think is a is a lesson that ties into what we're doing in this group. And it's a lesson that is a part of the copywriting mastery class, but it's not taught explicitly in the class. It's more an overall mindset. And the purpose of this podcast was to invite people into what we're doing here. But it is an amazing 30 minute mini class, if you will, an overview of writing better copy that actually connects with people as a client. And I recorded it while I was walking around my neighborhood this week. So I recorded it on my phone with a selfie stick while I was walking for 25 minutes. And so it's a new format of a podcast that I'm doing where I'm actually walking and talking and recording them and and I'm finding that my ideas are getting better what I'm communicating to people gets better. When I connect in these live group coaching sessions, my brain operates in that same way. But if nobody's in front of me, if I'm not actually talking to an audience, I struggle to pull out of me the great ideas that I have. So when I go for a walk, it actually helps those ideas start to flow better. So I've been writing sales, copy VSL sales letters and ads while I go for walks around my neighborhood. If you can't, because of the weather, a treadmill might actually be an interesting investment into your business. Being able to use a treadmill to come up with these ideas. Oh, I'm stuck. Go on the treadmill for 10 minutes. It's not about weight loss. It's not about trying to get fit. It's actually just about getting your mind unlocked. With ideas. When you move your body your mind gets unlocked with ideas. And so but check out this podcast episode episode number 189. When it is out I think it's really going to going to help everybody A whole lot. Okay? Listen, everybody's been doing a great job getting their offers out, I've been seeing a ton of people putting their offers in the group. It's amazing. I'm seeing such amazing sales copy inspires me that all of you are actually understanding what's being taught that you're actually grabbing on to the lessons that they're not just where I'm teaching them, and nobody's actually listening to them, you're actually applying them. And so that shows that we're on the right track. We're gonna have some upcoming trainings on funnel building, email marketing, what to do, how do you set up those automations I'm gonna go slowly through all the technical sides of things with you in that to really help you write better emails and set up your funnels. And that's going to be my goal is to have those going by by the by the end of of next month, possibly by the end of this month, we might actually start on that, which is awesome, because I think we're almost done with the Facebook ads course. And I'm finishing up the copywriting course the last lesson will be this week in the copywriting mastery course. And I believe that we need to jump over into this because you guys need to know how to put it all together, the six steps are so important. And I know that sounds like sometimes I'm drilling this down to you. Maybe it's like, Jeremiah, you're you're you're nauseating me with how much you're saying that we need to do the six steps I get that? It's because the basics are what make you wealthy? The basics are what make you rich, they are by doing these basics, you're not going to get distracted. With your is your camera set up, right? Is your social media posts perfect. Do we have enough blog posts is this copy gonna resonate, we don't need to worry about that. Because we're just we go to the next step. And we don't allow ourselves more than two weeks on any specific step. Because we can't get stuck. Any area that we get stuck is based off of some kind of limiting belief that we can solve that we can work on, which is awesome. And that's what I love to do. When it comes to with my one on one coaching clients. And those that ask questions in the q&a is solving your sticking points solving where you're stuck. Okay, and so this might sound like today is just a just a promotion about what we have going on. But I want you to learn from what I've just shared with you in the last 12 minutes. How I've been building up to something very specifically, when you run your virtual events, when you create a video sales letter, when you create an ad when you make content, you're doing your your teaching, while building up to a certain point. And what have I been building up to is my my one on one coaching, I'm actually offering a discount to everybody. And some of you may benefit from taking this. This is where you get to work with me on your sales, copy your emails, we also go over the mindset stuff, we also go over coaching you on how to how to break paths, what's stopping you, we can get done in one session, what it might take you two to three months in this program to do by asking on Q and A's in just one session, I find that five to 10 issues can be solved in that one session, which is amazing because when you guys are asking questions in the group, we're limited based off of the limited time that we have. Whereas when you have one on one coaching with me, it's it's even, it's even crazier, I actually need to change this headline right here. Because this isn't accurate. It'll be really as long as you want to do it. What I'm selling is a package of six sessions, okay. Six one hour sessions with me where we get to dive deep into your business, you get lifetime access to all all of my courses, you get to have them. So even if you leave this program after a year, you get to keep those courses to go through, okay, the ones that will be at least that I make within the next year while you're a part of it. You get a free one year membership to the accelerator, if you paid for a year, we'll just discount that off of the one on one coaching. If you if you didn't, it'll just be a year after this current month that you'll get moving forward. And we'll be able to work together on your messaging, your copywriting, your advertising your offers, email marketing, and you get grandfathered in at the rate, this rate right here. And honestly, I put a million dollar value on this because I believe that us doing that will create a million dollars for you. I believe that it can we get grandfathered in with if you want to buy more sessions at that same rate for the next two and a half years. Okay. And so what does it cost? It's not $24,000 or three payments of 8000. It's actually 9604. For this it's funny because I know that that's a that's a big discount. And I felt a little bit scared to even put this out here, I'm probably going to extend this deadline to just by a few days. Speaking of, you know, I say imperfect action, I haven't even finished this this landing page yet, and I'm telling you guys about it. But I know that you're here in the group, okay. And we'll probably go until the until the 18th. On this, whatever that Friday is, yeah, the 18th, the deadline will be the 18th. So you got two weeks to decide 9600 Paid in full or six payments of 1600 a month, no credit check for that. Or you can finance it for 24 to 36 months, with our financing partner. Okay, our financing partners, basically, they get you a personal loan from a bank, just like if you were buying a car, they would, they'll write you a personal loan for the amount, and then you pay me from that loan that you get, and it's like, paid in full, and then you pay the bank back over the next 24 to 36 months. And they require a 590 credit score and an income over 35,000 a year for that, okay, there is a sign commitment, and I'm not liable for it producing results, there is no guarantee of results whatsoever, at all, okay, you could literally spend this and completely nothing's gonna come of it. So if that happens, I'll refer back to this part of the video. Because I have to say that is I can't guarantee that you're actually going to do any of what we talked about in our sessions. And I've had people that when I didn't say that explicitly and have it in writing that would actually try to take advantage of that. And so this is how you protect yourself. That is it'll be in writing will both agree to, it's also non refundable under any circumstance. Okay? So how do you get started? non refundable. $600. Apply now application fee, meaning the 600 is you saying I'm ready to take the leap, I'm ready to jump in. And so you can put the 600 down now, and then go figure out the finances over the next two weeks. Okay. What that allows you to do is it allows you to, to actually say, Okay, I'm committed now, you could wait until the 18th. And, and apply basically, it's just saying that, and then we can have the time to actually work out how it works. When are we meeting, you don't need to have that figured out right away? How are we going to do the payment, we can figure that out, it's just the fee is non refundable. And it applies towards the first month. So 9600, the rest that you would pay would be 9000. Or, and that would also be what you would you would finance you can actually finance the whole amount and you'll get paid back for that fee sort of on that. So you kind of if you do the financing partner, because you can take the loan amount for the night 600

[285:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or the first monthly payment. So the first monthly payment will be 1000. And then the other payments will be 1600. So that's for one on one coaching, if you want to work with me six sessions, why do I do six because I think six is the perfect amount of time to really get a lot of breakthrough for most of you, if we have that time together. And a lot of my clients that we work with, we meet once a quarter. So this could be a year and a half worth of coaching for you right here. If we meet like once a quarter and just evaluate that and then you spend the rest of the time here while you're in the group. That's how I would do it. Or I would meet every two months because it's the year and then spend the rest of the time here in the group and be able to double dip into both of those. It's really the ultimate way of you getting results. And who's been doing this a couple clients that are in the group. Angie, roar, Angie roar. She is a one on one coaching client. We've been working together and her first challenge at $5,000. Nathan Fischer, he is a client that's in here, but he's also one on one. He's doing over 12 to 13,000 a month in his coaching business. Joshua Giles started with this same one on one coaching. We didn't have the client growth accelerator then. And he made 60,000 In his first live event that he did. And then he took that money after about a year of doing that making consistently 15 to 20,000 a month and invested into working with me as a consultant to actually run his ads right as copy and create all of his campaigns and his offers. So I was writing a VSL for him this weekend. I was writing his entire webinar script this weekend, because he works with me at that level. Now that level right now is $30,000 a month. Okay. 30,000 per month, you get me running everything for you. Okay, but if you want this, you get six sessions. You could do a session once a week for six weeks. And you're done with that you could do it once every two weeks. You do it once every every month, once a quarter. They also don't expire, which is interesting. The only way they expires is if I expire if I Die, you could literally hold on to one of those sessions. And if like 20 years from now you contact me you're like, hey, let's have an hour like you got it? Wouldn't that be i? It's funny I think about I was like, if I say that, not that I'm saying that I'm gonna be Elon Musk. But could you imagine if you bought that from like Elon back in the day, and then you can just like, hey, let's have an hour or so. But I have thought about that, you know, as this business grows, releasing NF T's for people's like, they can hold on to like an NF T token type of a thing. And it wouldn't cost any extra with that, that might be fun. If I create those actually create NF T's for my one on one coaching clients that they can hold on to, and I'll just give it down to all of them. That'd be awesome. So anyways, that's over my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com, you'll get some emails about it, I'll be talking about it throughout the week in this group. But I think that it really is a great opportunity for you to build your business to grow your business for us to work together. And it's the last time that I'm going to be offering one on one coaching to anybody at all, okay, it's the last time that I'm going to be offering it in this format, where you get to do the sessions, it's going to become where basically, it's, you get an eight hour day with me, like, like a like a, like a VIP day where we spend a whole day together, working on your business, so you're so it would cost you, if I do that, it's not going to cost this price, it's going to be a lot more than this price. It'll be 30,000 for the day with that, and then we may add on to it, where you can also get your first funnel built with us and things like that, that's going to be kind of the new package. I'm not offering any funnel building services right now outside of that, because I need to make it make sense to where I'm getting at least 35,000 in the first month, per client. So I gotta make at least 35,000 in that first month to be able to, to hire the people that I need to build your funnel and all of that, if you want to do that, contact me privately. And we could do that as well, if you want to, we can figure something out. But I think that this is going to be a great opportunity for you guys now. And that's what I wanted to share with you is that's how you sell. You create a community of people. You build up the desire, and you point them to an offer that makes sense. And I think it's not going to make sense for for all of you, I know that it's not going to make sense for a lot of you, I totally get it. And that's fine. And that doesn't mean that you're like subpar or you're getting any less of me, you're still in this group, which is amazing. And and maybe in the future, we'll do a VIP day together. That's totally fine. That's amazing. That's what I want for you is to make as much money in this group to do that. But there are going to be so many of you that that this opportunity, it makes sense. And we're going to work together and I'm excited for that. So that's why I felt like I would be doing a disservice to my audience to not launch this and that it had to be less than $10,000 that it had to be less than 10,000 I was like I was fighting I'm gonna make it 20,000 I want to make it 19 I want to make it 15 I'm gonna make it 12 And literally like I felt like like, almost like God, like God told me like it has to be under 10,000 doesn't have to be a lot under 10,000. But it's got to be under 10,000. So and that that really is I'd love to. I'm excited some of you I'm seeing the comments here that are exciting. The truth is I used to be afraid to make offers. I used to be terrified to ask anybody to buy from me. I used to be afraid to run Facebook ads. The first time I ran Facebook ads. Let me tell you a story here on this. And this is awesome. Um 2009 I had been running Google ads and MySpace ads for a ebook that I wrote for the video game mobsters and Mafia Wars. Okay, and if you've never heard of those, let me see if I can find it on archive.org Literally, you boy me is this mobster gangster saying hey, I'm gonna give you the secrets to Papa Captain Omean like, when I was like saying that, like for the video game, right? Like, it wasn't like in real life, but it was like they were getting that. And in the game. They got money and I made $750,000 In a year doing that when I was 19 years old. So that was back like in Oh, was that 2008 Yep. 2000 No. 2007 Was I 19? Or was I 20? I was 20 Yeah, I was under 21. I know that because when I turned 21 It was literally bottles girls alcohol strip club. We all that didn't do coke. But all my friends did on my dime that I bought them. You know, I was living that party lifestyle. I was living that. That scene and that And then I lost everything. And I felt devastated by losing everything by by losing everything and check something here. My website was games cheats and hacks.com. Or was it game cheats and hacks? I think I had both domain names. I literally had somebody stopped me at the store and say, Hey, you're that. You're that Mafia Wars guy on the ad. Literally, because I was running these on MySpace. Talking today, let me see if this opens up. Yep, this was mine right here. But the over the video won't play Mafia Wars, Game cheats and hacks, I put together a guide for you. This is me writing copy back in the day. And this offer paid me $750,000. I had like only 17 copies remaining. Time remaining to claim and then yeah, so anyways, that was so funny. I made all that money in affiliate marketing, but I spent half a million dollars in ADS. I didn't have a half a million dollars in ads, I had a credit card. And basically, I would spend 20,000. And it would make 30. And then I go pay the card off. And then I'd spend 30 and then go. And so that was my first experience with ads. And I had one day where I shifted over to auto insurance lead generation offers. And that was paid us a lot. And it was consistent on Facebook. And we were doing I think 150k a month with auto insurance leads affiliate marketing. And I was like Mr. Party, like throwing all this money around what I lost $3,000 in one day, because I broke one of the rules of the affiliate marketing company and they said, No, we're not going to give you your money. And I'm like, Yeah, but I have like 3000 and adspend. And what was funny is I blew all my money the week before on the parties. So I had no money. literally had no money. This was like the lowest point of my life right here. And I just started like, going destructive. And it ended with me actually getting drunk one night making a post on social media that I was gonna go kill President Obama and George Bush. And it was a it was a joke. But it wasn't funny. And and I got charged with with terrorism charges. The government, the Secret Service came after me. And it's great if you Google my name only, but if you Google my name, Jeremiah Krakowski terrorist, it comes up right here.

[446:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: self described terrorists federal case pending. And what I had posted on social media is I am a terrorist and I am going to blah blah, it was not good. And that was the lowest point of my life, I went to jail, I actually got it expunged because they prove that there was no criminal intent. There was no threat, and they actually expunge the whole thing. And I'm so thankful for that. It's not even on a criminal record, which is awesome. If you look it up, but I tell people about it publicly. And if you Google it, you can find it. Right. So it's like, it's not like I'm hiding it from people. I used to have a problem with alcohol, where I was drinking a lot, where I was drinking all the time. And I would I would feel like Superman, and I would feel confident and I would feel like I could do anything. And I wasn't afraid to to offend people and I wasn't afraid to be loud and out there and excited. How many of you experienced that you drink alcohol and you're just like, I'm ready to part A, you can be the biggest introvert and then just be like, let's go right? That was me. And I would build my business that way and make these are like relationships on on drunken behavior. Because the thing is my upbringing taught me don't be loud. Be quiet, be meek, be silent. Be nice, be sweet. Literally is what I was told growing up was be nice, don't be rude Don't be all these things. And so when I could drink with friends, it was like the like the hall pass to be all the things that I was told growing up. I couldn't be. But what if we lived our life? doing all the things that we were told growing up what not to do? What if we lived our life? unafraid of consequences. Now obviously, I'm not talking about doing what I had done because I mean, truthfully, that was me being unafraid of consequences and it was very stupid. It was very unwise. But what if your hesitancy and I don't share this message with everybody because they're thinking, I had a lady the other day accusing me of justifying abuse and violence towards our loved ones with this message. And I'm like, No, I, you know, I am I'm not teaching people how to how to hurt people and do wrong. But our brain ends up telling us when we go to build a business, when we go to build a coaching business, that we need to play it safe. And that's one of the biggest things, the most successful coaches, mentors and trainers that I've ever met. They don't play it safe all the time. They don't allow fear to grip them in their actions. Are they afraid? Absolutely. But they don't obey their fear. They don't obey that worry. Now, here's the thing, it's better to learn from somebody else who has made mistakes than to make the mistake on your own. I would, I would highly recommend that you learn from my story of what happened to me and not do that. Right, like, like, seriously, like, I would hope that that's the lesson in it. But I would also hope that you that you learn to be a little bit more bolder and courageous and less cautious, and a little more reckless and doing more of what you want to do and less of what you should do. Now, I can argue even the internal conflict in my head, as I say, that says, Yeah, but Jeremiah, that was that thinking is what led to what you were doing. And what led to what I was doing was actually a very deep need for validation and feeling like I was worthless, and nobody would see me. And if you ever read How to Win Friends and Influence People, recognition is one of the deepest desires that people have. And I was craving recognition to be seen. And so what's one of the loudest ways to be seen? Well, I became semi famous for a moment by actually doing something that was loud and got a lot of negative attention. Okay. And so that comes from a different place than, Hey, I am so excited to show you how to create a seven figure coaching business. Or I am so excited to help you know how to get more customers to your restaurant, or I am so excited to show you the opportunities that open by learning how to code and learning how to use C Plus Plus, or I'm so excited to share with you how to take your family recipes, and turn them into a published recipe book right? Or I'm so excited to help you solve all of your HR needs. And not be subjected to expensive service providers or needing to hire staff to do this when it's it's very simple to use our consulting services to do this yourself or I'm so excited to work with you to help you build a seven figure coaching business where we get to write your copy, build your ads, and work together in the trenches to do that. Now see that conviction is I am excited when I tell people about what I'm offering about my coaching about my one on one coaching. I'm bold when I put that out there. But could that and let's say you know, you put an offer out there and people are like, That's too expensive. You're robbing people. Listen, I promise I'm gonna put this out there, I'm gonna get at least one person that's going to tell me that that I'm literally robbing people for how much I'm charging. They don't they haven't been here through what you've been through. I want you to realize that that a lot of the haters that hate on you on social media, they've just not been through what your target customer has been through so their judgment is off. Don't worry about their judgement. I only worry about what my paying customers think I only worry about and I don't even really worry that much anymore. I only concern myself I only pay attention to what paying customers think. So when I go out there and somebody tells me that this message is abusive and violent and narcissistic and that I'm that I'm teaching people how to hurt others with this message of being bold, being courageous, not fearing consequences or or you don't know who's going to ruin their life with that message. Well, here's the thing. That message is just falling on the wrong person's ears if they think that and they're pre judging me through the lens of how they judge themselves and others. And so I don't worry about that because I know where I'm coming from with this is that I'm saying that even though you were raised to be meek, to be quiet, to be nice to play nice to always do the right thing, according to best practices. Now, I'm not recommending that you do the wrong thing on purpose, right? That's different. And we get to choose that as people who take personal responsibility, what is the right and wrong thing? Not defined by what other people say what what people in the Click Funnels of community have told me is when I shared that we were able to take Rick Pitino as a client in my mom and eyes inner circle. And him and I met and we consulted and he paid me $2,000 a month, that was my first contract with Rick, like that investment, right? It was a little bit of a stretch for him even. But it paid him $10,000 That month to work with me. And over time, you know that it's paid him $180,000 In a month back in June of 2020. It's paid him a million dollars in one month in May of this year, in one month, a million dollars in new business. But it started with him making that decision of Okay. I'm going to make that investment in myself. I'm going to choose to make an investment into building one of these businesses. And I'm not going to let what what I should do stop me from doing that. Let me let me explain that to you with Rick. So Rick, was one of the hardest clients that I had with this one thing. Maybe it'll hear me share this one day. He he was very much obsessed with he was like, Dude, I'm amazed you and your mom had built a multi million dollar multimillion dollar business and the quality of your videos stink. You don't even have any graphics. They're not even that great. The quality of the branding is horrible. And I'm like, Yeah, isn't that cool? Well, turns out he told me a couple years later, he's like, Man, that was the secret is not trying to look perfect, not trying to look like a big brand. Not trying to look like we have it all together. But by being able to launch offers quickly, and launch them as fast as possible. Without getting stuck in the weeds of designs and even getting stuck in the weeds of copy. We would put offers out there with copy that's subpar just to put an offer out there and to analyze the results, and then we would tweak it as we would go and that would produce that income. And so for those of you like if you're building your coaching business is a is a risk. Absolutely. He is a risk.

[604:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're not always going to make back what you want to make back. But if you continue to relentlessly promote your offers, you look at the results you go through the six steps you work through those steps. Step one, finding your niche. In the members area. There's a training in there all about finding your niche. These are the six steps. Writing your offer, copy the language solving the problems that your client has and pointing them to solutions. Copywriting mastery creating your landing page. The website building course, will show you how to do this website building Made Easy, we'll walk you through how to build a Squarespace site and all the landing pages. And then you launch your offer with ads email list and social media we got the upcoming email marketing course we got social media content creation made easy. And then there's two ads courses in there which I believe are still the best Facebook and Instagram ads courses that exists and tick tock ads. Tick tock ads are amazing. So you got three ads courses in the members area that you have access to right now. And then you analyze the results and I teach you how to analyze those results and those that work with me with one on one coaching a lot of what we'd spend time doing is analyzing results together and saying okay, what needs to be your next moves? What needs to be that next move? What choice do you need to make to start to get more of those clients? And so and then you go back to the first step finding your niche writing your offer, copy, creating landing page, launching your offer and ads analyzing those results. Okay? So those five steps are what you need to keep in the forefront of your mind. You need to keep that in the forefront of your mind and start to get more leads in your business start to get more clients in your business. Today I did something that I never thought that I would do. And I told myself I probably would never do this but I just did. And it's something that in a way may violate my integrity but that's okay. I'm, as I made a video of me dancing on Instagram, and Tiktok. And I said, I wouldn't be dancing on social media that you don't need to dance on social media to make money. And the truth is, you don't, you don't need to dance on social media to make money. But my God, if you brought in $70,000, in one month in your business, and just paid off all your debt, come on, you got it, you're gonna dance about that. And so I had to, I heard this song on it was on the radio, and I just like, I literally set my camera up, started dancing in the room, and then synced it to it. And so I might start dancing just a little bit on my social media, it's not going to be anything inappropriate or anything weird, it's more just going to be white boy, like, and then some like, coaching line about a win or something like that, you know, like, so, which is awesome, you got to have fun, you got to have fun in your business, you got to break out of this mentality that it's so stressful, it's so serious self care, is the stinking unlock. Self Care is literally the unlock to your business growing, taking some time away, taking some time, like for a week where you do nothing. The last time I did that was in August. So every three months, taking some time where you do nothing for a whole week is going to help you a whole lot. Because you're going to come up with ideas, here's the thing, you're going to be doing nothing but be but be aware of little sparks that come in about your business. They spark. So when you're doing nothing, the spark comes in, instead of like, oh, like punishing yourself, like I shouldn't think about business. So open up your phone and write it down. And when you get back into the office, just look at the notes. Don't even think about what you wrote down. But during that week, you're going to come up with these ideas that are going to be massive unlocks for your business, Joshua Giles is doing this this past week. Rick does it with his family, Disneyland, things like that. Actually, I did take almost a week off a month ago. So that's not even fair. I went to Disneyland. Yeah, listen, when you start making multiple six figures, then you can start to do it once a month. And you actually like work three weeks on one week off. And you do that. And that's so fun to do that. And then and then the goal is that you make enough money where you actually can hire other people. So I have a team that runs my ads, I have a team that edits my videos. My video editing team actually just showed me this week, they're now going to be editing me 21 videos a week off of my podcasts and daily posts, and I don't have to do those selfie style ones. And so and they're adding the captions right here. We have to break up with this mindset. I need to be told what to do. I need somebody to tell me what to do. Okay, and I might make an offer where you can you can get that yourself that type of package, we might be working on that building up something to offer people where we're you can send it to our team. And they can they can do that. So which is awesome. But you have to you have to you have to take time off, take time for your head take time to to rest. Okay. Thanksgiving is coming up. We can look at the calendar and start to get stressed out. Remember I mentioned doing live events on Thanksgiving? We're not going to do that? Well, well, what you do during that week, because you promote your Black Friday promotion. You promote from Thursday through Monday, a Black Friday and Cyber Monday sale. And what do you do with that you basically, you could actually create a course for Black Friday, I might do that. You create a course that week for Black Friday that can buy into and then you end up dripping that course people that's one way that you could do that to your email list. You grow your email list as next two weeks. And then you drip that to those people. Okay. The other thing that you could do is you could take an existing program and discount it just for those days, you take coaching and this kind of just for those days. These are different ways to utilize Black Friday. And so the way that we use Black Friday is I love creating a little ad in Canva with big red letters that say whatever percent off you're discounting your most expensive thing, the biggest discount, and it'll say Black Friday 75% off. And then your name and a photo of you right next to it. And that's literally been our Black Friday ad for 10 years. With every company that we've worked with is the photo of the person big red letters on a black background and the photo of the person and it says what it is. So this exact days are Thursday, November 24 through the 28th Thursday, November 24, through the 28th. Okay, once this election cycle is over social media is gonna change than the United States specifically, it's all going to change, the behaviors on social media are all going to change, and, and your ads are all gonna change all that's going to gonna change and the truth is, is like, yes, there's gonna be a ramp up in spend because of Black Friday. But only during those black friday days, there's always kind of a ramp up of spend during the Black Friday days. So get your Black Friday ads up in the ads manager before Black Friday, at least a week before. And that's what Facebook recommends is even a week or two before you get the ad up. And so that's why I started thinking about that this week, which you want your Black Friday sale to be make the page, usually what I'll do is just a simple page or the purchase link and a discount, and we'll throw them on one page as a blog post all of our Black Friday sales on one page. Yes, they do cost a little bit more during that period. So, um, but she'll make that more back in sales. Pretty much okay. And so here's the here's the here's the last part of this, and I'll take some questions is you want to use low cost low priority, meaning it's not costing you a whole lot, it's not a big priority part of your system.

[743:01] Speaker 0: things for sale, make individual one time offers to people use email and ads. And those are the two ways that we market it, we send it out to our email list. And we use our ads during that week. Okay. Now the last thing I want to talk about is automated virtual events. You notice, I'm almost doing like many podcast style through this training. Today, I'm going through a number of different topics that I think are helpful for all of you.

[751:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did say don't do automated live events. And that's if you're if you're not good at selling, if you're not competent you're selling. If you do a live event or a webinar, and it's not an it didn't sell at all, I wouldn't go automated with it, you're gonna do better to keep doing it live. Or do one automated, get it out of the way, and then go back to doing it live, because you're gonna get more of that interaction live with people. Once you get your pitch in good, you can actually eliminate the live factor of it. So for instance, we're eliminating the VIP on our one day events. They're all going to be pre recorded. And so and they're not going to look like they're pre recorded though, because they're being broadcast live on Zoom. The one day events I do now the five day, I might pre record the lesson. So the idea is you're sort of treating zoom, and Facebook events and all that the live factor is more like a TV show. And you've got to think almost like a TV network, like a producer is kind of what you're doing is they're showing up for this event broadcast on this day. And yes, it's pre recorded. But is this the first time anybody's seeing it live. So it's still a live broadcast. And television has been using that language for years, you can borrow that from television, in your marketing and still be honest and upright. And actually, like, you know doing that. So I'm going to be pre recording my like my one days, and I'm going to probably run them once a week until we can run them once every four days. So we might do eight different webinars a month. But they're pre recorded. Because I was thinking how am I going to scale this business when I got a new baby, right? How am I going to do these live trainings when I got a baby? Well, I can pre record it during the time that I can and have people meet me at a specific time, the activity of people being able to meet you at a specific place in time versus just getting those two, are you still up loading these to keep them? Yes, I am still upselling them to keep the recordings yes, they get like a like a VIP pass type thing, like a recording pass, I'll probably name it as something else. But then I'm going to sell them to where they can they can still get a VIP with me on my five day I'll do a five day event still. And that's kind of my main funnel that we're using is like going to a one day virtual workshop telling those people to go to the five day and then at the five day I'm moving them into this so there's like three layers to it, to gather the leads to push them to an event where we get to dive deep and then we go into this Okay, so that's that's the best funnel that we're seeing that's working the most to produce the most qualified prospects and get the most sales. But if your virtual event isn't selling, you don't want to run that automated it because it's not gonna sell automated at all. So you got to get better at the skill of actually communicating and selling. And that's why again, I recommend this book. After the first of the year, I will be creating a sales course, it's going to kind of combine a lot from this book, I'll teach it, and then a lot from other sales methodologies that I've learned. So live events is gonna be your best way to get more clients, growing your email list, and actually launching your live event is how you're going to scale your coaching business. That's what's gonna get you results, getting new people in front of you that need the solution that you offer to the problem they have. All right. So I'm going to take some questions here now. I'm going to actually read through these right here and then I'm going to anybody who wants to raise their hand Sara Sara Crockett

[821:16] Speaker 1: real quick, um, I'm, I'm writing the title for the challenge in trying to hit the right niche, like the right. Do the right copy for the right niche. Yeah, sorry, somebody's calling me. And so like, basically, what I do is I teach people to have a really, with God for ourselves. Is that to like, direct? If I change it to have a really,

[829:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like having a personal relationship with God and then describing what that relationship looks like in juicy details.

[830:48] Speaker 1: But if I use the word God, the Holy Spirit, it attracted different

[832:31] Speaker 1: people. Yeah. So like, I'm gonna get this is terrible, but like, just for marketing purposes, it's going to be more of a nominal Christian. If I use God, Holy Spirit, they'd have to at least know about it. More Pentecostal. Yeah, and I probably don't want to deal with those people. So I should go for God's which ones do you not want to deal with? The ones that already know and have to unlearn things? I'd rather teach people for like, I'd rather say God than right.

[839:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, then you'd rather pull people in for the first time to? Yeah, yeah. Great. Awesome. That'd be fun. You're gonna you're gonna get the most amount of hate comments with that, too. But because the because as you go wider, there's more chance for misinterpreting you on the ads.

[845:22] Speaker 1: Well, that's okay. I do that for a living already. I'm trying to

[846:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: know exactly. Tell it tell them what you do for a living.

[847:26] Speaker 1: Oh, I am the head of digital content for God TV.

[848:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep.

[849:02] Speaker 1: And Rick just reached out to me so

[849:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: sweet. Awesome. Yeah. Sarah and I met we met years ago. Right. And,

[851:01] Speaker 1: yeah, so Okay, so. Okay, so if I want to that sounds good, like, but I basically teach people how to have a rich relationship with God for themselves.

[853:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, a personal relationship that isn't just your, your, your parents or your uncle's

[855:16] Speaker 1: or the TV preacher. You know, I work in that

[856:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: industry. You know, that great idea? Yeah, I have a personal relationship, not just, you know, not just the one that the mega pastor tells you need to have.

[858:27] Speaker 1: Okay, that will awesome. My copy? Thank you. Yeah, no,

[860:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's really good. I think like getting more detailed into that as like, and because you're painting a picture you're, you're telling the story. That's why also you know, I recommend I don't know how many of you watch any sort of like, nonfiction entertainment, or like watch movies or anything, or like read fantasy books or anything does anybody like watch stories? Movies, it'll, it'll help you with your marketing to actually watch adventures and movies and stories like Lord of the Rings, or the Avengers or, or Batman or you know, things like that these different Hero's Journey stories to be able to connect with. That's exactly what you're doing with your clients is you're you're you're telling a story. You're telling the story, the narrative, the way that a storyteller that's making a movie is doing and you're creating a movie in the mind of your target customer. I think that's one of the biggest, probably reasons why I never struggled when I started in this business is because I had studied storytelling and filmmaking. And so then I translated that right into what I do here. And so I think It's such an important foundation has actually started to study. Stories that yeah, Marsha says, lifetime and Hallmark movies Great. Yeah, great idea. Bad sisters on Apple TV, they really any story that you watch is great. I was just talking about ones that I liked, like Star Wars and all that, you know, but any of the stories are good you'll you'll be able to, to grab on to the storytelling nature. And then what you're doing is you're just basically telling a narrative story. When you're connecting with people, when you're doing your virtual event, it's a narrative story of what their life will experience. That's what selling is, and you build trust with people to that point, you build trust with people through that. They want your stories to be truthful. And that's what builds credibility. All right. Very nice.

[894:06] Speaker 2: Hello. So I want to contract someone to do my ads, the setup. And my concern is that because I know you were great about you can go to Fiverr and all these places, but like, are they going to do it? Like the way you're teaching?

[899:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: them is in the group, she might be able to do that for you? Who? Jonathan? Who's that? So Jonathan is actually in our Facebook group, and she's gone through my courses and trainings. Oh, the Philippines. Oh, awesome. Well, I'll reach out. So she's part of our I have the she's part of our community and the client growth accelerator. Um, I'm gonna I'll tag her in a post.

[905:49] Speaker 2: Okay, awesome. Oh, great. I'll

[906:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: reach out to her. Yeah, connect with Jonathan. Okay. Um, she's amazing. She can handle a lot of she can actually handle quite a few people.

[909:15] Speaker 2: Okay, perfect. I'm totally gonna do that. Because, yeah, all the trainees were excellent. My thing is, I don't like to get into that level of detail. Yeah, definitely.

[911:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what I'd love for her is, you know, she grows and then maybe she hires a few Filipinos and has her own ads office serving all our people.

[914:20] Speaker 2: down that I love it. Okay.

[914:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right here. So yeah, she's great. She's really great to work with. She's not like a marketer yet. But she's like, she's, she's a Facebook ads expert. Got it. She can help you like with the management of the ads and setting up the pixel and setting up the that but she's also getting better at marketing. She's learning the marketing stuff.

[920:24] Speaker 2: Great.

[920:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So which is awesome.

[921:05] Speaker 2: Cool. My last question is I thank you for redirecting me about the Zapier question I had, I think the only thing that's kind of like my missing piece is when I go to Zapier, what will it look like when I see the leads? Is it gonna be a dashboard or

[926:30] Speaker 1: when you go to a beer,

[927:03] Speaker 2: you know, I'm gonna set up my Facebook ads for Facebook conversions right, with Zapier, and that's the best and I'm really clear that it's going to be the most accurate way to track Yes sistex So will I go to Zapier log into my Zapier account and get my statistical information?

[932:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: No your statistical will be in your mailing software.

[933:27] Speaker 2: Oh, in my my MailChimp. Yeah. Oh, okay. That's like the one thing Jeremiah that just has not been connecting for me. It's been I've been racking my brain trying to figure it

[936:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: out. You know, marketing course that we're doing so, man,

[937:52] Speaker 2: awesome. I'm on everything. So so far, so awesome. That was well, those are my two questions. Thank you.

[939:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool. Right, Eric?

[941:12] Eric Gallant: Hey, thanks, Jeremiah. Um, as you know, I'm working through my ad copy and my landing pages here so and I've been working with the recipe that the weather like up there it is snowing it is a blizzard. Today it is where do you live? Sir? I'm in Alberta, Canada. So I'm about two hours from Great Falls Montana. Cool. Oh, it is it's raining. It's been snowing harmony.

[947:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Number two. Man. We should do. We should do an event in Canada.

[949:23] Eric Gallant: Yeah, wait till the summer.

[949:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You know, it's funny. I've worked with a lot of Canadians over the years which is well I grew up in Michigan. So

[952:59] Speaker 2: hey, guys, what's up, Eric? So I'm,

[953:43] Eric Gallant: like I said, working through my my ad copy here and I'm, you know, working with the recipe. I know I've worked on the inputs, you know, pretty exclusively for you know, a day. I guess I'm just having troubles zeroing in on, number one, that first patch title that first. You know, that first piece, I always seem to get too granular with that. So I'm having trouble, you know, sort of zeroing in on that piece. And then as I'm going through the recipe, I know I've watched your videos multiple times on it, but like, you seem to like grab pieces of content from the recipe, pull it down into the recipe lower into that recipe and then redo it, I guess I'm kind of getting lost into that piece of knowing what what to pull out and what yeah, in order to drill in.

[965:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: So if I really want to make sure that it's going to use a certain topic, I'll pull it down, because it'll start to get lost when it's further up.

[967:44] Eric Gallant: Yeah, that's what I'm finding, as I'm going further down, it starts talking about like products and things that are, you know,

[969:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so you gotta keep it in or in line by kind of moving that down. And doing that.

[970:41] Eric Gallant: So like, not everything that I've wrote and just out of know, everything,

[971:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: whatever really grabs you like, like, Oh, that's really good. Like, you're like, oh, that's, you want to start like kind of ranking the copy. And it's really it's more of a feeling that she'll get like, Oh, that's a good line right there. And, and starting to pay attention to having that feeling. How many of you when you write copy, do you feel anything when you like, write it? Yeah. Okay, something like, touches you emotionally or something, you feel something or like, Oh, that's really good. That's an important thing to be able to do that. Because you have empathy for how your copy is, is going to connect with people. And so working on developing your empathy, developing, the emotional connection that you have is going to help you paying attention to that I find that empathy, being able to sense the emotional connection inside of your body is helpful. Simply because by by Andrea, see that? Yeah. And so like Adele says she's an empath. It's easy for her. Exactly. That's why it's easy for me to but I know that not everybody is that like, attuned with their empathy. But yeah, Judy says gut reactions, whatever that thing is for you. Like when you're just like, oh, something's not right. Like that feeling. You'll be able to find that with your copy. And as you read copy, you'll pay attention to what does that for you? And then I pull those down, because I know that those are going to be more powerful, stronger, your intuition? Yeah.

[997:09] Eric Gallant: I guess what I get lost in is like, you know, worry about like that ideal customer and that whole write up part, you know, as I pull stuff further down into that recipe, is that stuff going to be forgotten and not used? Or is it just drilled down now that you have those talks

[1000:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: drill down better, if you're noticing that it's not drilled down that I would take the ideal customer section, and write summarize the above and then copy that summary down? And then bring that lower into your recipe? Yep. And then maybe put it in a description too. Okay. That's awesome. Because that allows you to kind of guide it that way. You're directing what it's writing that way. Yeah. And

[1006:56] Eric Gallant: that's really what I want to drill down to is I wanted to direct right after that ideal customer, because I spent a lot of time putting that piece together. So I don't want it to go. Yeah.

[1009:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And sometimes you could launch it to where you're saving sort of a few versions of the summarize the above of the ideal customer, you have it write a few paragraphs do that I filter it through create a couple of summaries that I know that I can paste in into the description to help keep things on track. At least.

[1014:36] Eric Gallant: You're just using Jasper as a summarize the above, not a content improver or anything like that.

[1016:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't done content improver just summarize the above.

[1017:00] Eric Gallant: I use content improver a ton when I was grading my program.

[1018:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, content. Approvers. Cool. I haven't used it that much.

[1018:54] Eric Gallant: It's great for being able to take a you know, a paragraph or a set of set of sentences and being able to like, take that and just bring it to the next level. It's awesome. Yeah,

[1020:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's awesome. That'll work for a lot of you. Thank you. Yeah. And there's no cutting improvers like a built in feature on all the pages at Jasper. All right, Adele.

[1024:57] Speaker 4: Hi, Jeremiah. Hi, everybody. My question is a mindset question. So going through your course it's very, very clearly laid out. It's 60 pages every it's all quite technical. It's very easy to follow. But this week, I was going to set up my social media pages set up my my logo, my branding, basically put myself out there, and I'm feeling a lot of internal resistance. And I know that this is linked into everything that you're teaching about mindset. And I'm totally beginning to realize that it's, it's completely to do with self confidence. And I did come out of a narcissistic abusive relationship last year, which is why I'm equipped to lead other women out of it because I understand it inside out. And that's my mission. I am but before I was in that relationship, I was so bold. I was so arrogant. I had so much confidence, and this person released so many Word crosses over me, it really has knocked my confidence. Yeah. So I also took a very big financial hit coming out of that relationship, so I can't afford therapy. And this is why I'm loving all your content about mindset about breaking fear, but self confidence, you know, we've got to have a bit, you know, and, you know, it made me realize that if I don't believe in myself, why would anyone pay me any money? If I don't even believe in myself? So what do you have any books you could recommend or daily practices to, I need to get back to where I was. Because I used to be an abortion recovery counselor, I've stood in front of hundreds of 1000s of people and shared my story. I have never had fear of mine. I'm a worship leader as well. Yeah, I'm able to stand in front of hundreds of people and be be vulnerable. But for some reason, I I just know there's a bit of self confidence has has taken a hit and I really need to get back to that place of absolute no fear. And because I can identify that this is going to keep me back if I don't get over this fast. Yeah. So do you have any tips or any books or actual practical things I can do? Because I recognize because all your content last week was like breaking fair, breaking fear of mine. So so I get it, but like practically what can I do? Do you have any tips?

[1065:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you seen seven? cups.com? Nope. It's a free 24/7. Volunteer listener, emotional support service. Okay, sound therapy, but it's been that probably the next best thing that you can find. Okay, is awesome. Yeah, Abby says, There are some great books written by Dr. Caroline leaf. That I think

[1070:56] Speaker 4: oh, yeah, I've got one of her books, cleaning up the mental maths, which is all about clearing toxic, toxic mindsets.

[1073:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think this is gonna be good key to pick happiness thinking in health. Especially in your brain.

[1074:46] Speaker 4: It's on your brain. Okay. That'll be

[1075:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: helpful. Another one that I really liked. I've been reading this this week is no bad parts. By Dr. Richard Swartz healing trauma and restoring wholeness, internal family

[1079:26] Speaker 1: systems. Okay. Awesome.

[1080:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: One that helped me was just how to do the work by Nicola Parra. Yeah. Recognizing your patterns, heal from the past, create yourself. This book is was one of my favorite books. So

[1085:12] Speaker 4: yeah, thank you. Yeah. Thank you. I'm definitely going to work on that. Because I can see that as a hindrance that potentially it just has to be eliminated. I have to master it.

[1088:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And here's what it is, is there's a part of you right now that is that bold person still, but she doesn't feel safe to show up. Yeah. Then there's and there's things that she needs that she's not getting right now. Yes. And so asking yourself, what is that courageous, bold part of me need that I'm not getting right now. And maybe listen to it. Listen to what that part of you was trying to say.

[1095:37] Speaker 4: Okay, awesome. Thank you. Yep. Awesome.

[1097:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, hey, this has been great, everybody. We actually didn't go to over today, which is awesome. Be sure to post any other questions that you have in the group? I'm going to answer just a few of these here real quick. So no, I have not used or explored the online whiteboard. I just seen the one that Rick has. So I haven't used it, but I'm not sure. It looks pretty cool. Can you quickly do an overview of the user experience from when they first see my ad through when they're in?

[1105:50] Speaker 1: What does that mean? Dana?

[1106:53] Speaker 5: I guess I I realized last week when I started working on things that you know, because obviously I've gone through your stuff. So I've been the user, but I was like Oh, thank you page like and, and I haven't been through you know all of your courses yet. So I am sure that that is in there. So does that does that help? Like like they in the virtual event

[1113:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: playbook course. So it's in there? Okay, I haven't been through that one. That one's gonna be so important for you at this stage to go through.

[1115:02] Speaker 5: Okay, even. Okay, because I'm trying to get my I'm aiming to get my three day add up. And

[1117:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, the virtual that playbook specifically about like, what do you do in the ads? How do you follow up? How do you run the funnel?

[1118:46] Speaker 5: Okay, so get through, get through that as quickly as I can and then get my ad up.

[1120:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you do both at the same time you get your ad up and then while it's running you go through that one. Okay. Okay, cool. Thank you. Awesome. Um,

[1122:55] Speaker 5: John Irwin is awesome. Beneath I, yeah, yeah. All

[1124:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, Oh, is she gonna get too busy that you can't work with everybody? You know Steven, by the way, Steven does landing pages funnels he knows how to use Squarespace and click funnels. And he is also in the group. And so if you like need some of your landing pages done, also connect with with Steven, honestly, because he understands Steven Robins. He understands I just tagged him in the Facebook group as well. He understands this funnel and this process better than anybody because he's the one that built it with with Rick and I and Joshua. He built all the pages out for all them. So like you literally get like the dream team right here and you don't need to even upgrade.

[1137:16] Speaker 5: Okay. Yeah, I know you. And I just picked picked one to start with but okay, awesome.

[1139:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Stephen and then Jonathan. They're both in the Facebook group there. So this is Jonathan. She's in the Philippines. And then Stephen is in Ohio, which isn't the Philippines. I've known Stephen for 13 years. He's He's a worship leader. He's, he's a father. He's a loves roasting coffee drinking lattes. And he's a digital marketer. He's a great guy. You guys will be in good hands with him. So. All right, everybody. Thanks for being here. Have a good one. Oh, Pat, we're doing our copywriting rewrite Day this weekend. On was it Thursday or Friday? So I got that wrong with for the third time. 10th Is it the 10th it is it's Thursday. Hmm. Check in the group. I know I know. I made it right. Fix it. Yep, November 10. Oh, well, there's no time on it either.

[1159:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, we'll be doing 12pm Eastern. pm Eastern. And then next week, the 14th is our our live q&a. So that'll be in the group. That'll be in the Facebook group. Copywriting rewrite day on Thursday.

[1166:01] Speaker 0: Yes, we will go over your copy together on that day. All right. Keep posted in the group keep connecting. that Facebook group is like we get a we get a lot accomplished in there each week. I'm telling you.

[1169:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to like here's the thing I know y'all believe me. I want to make y'all millionaires. Like, like I want all y'all to become multi millionaire coaches and course creators that are in here. It's possible. And that group is going to be the catalyst for it. All right. Have a good one. Everybody. We'll talk next week or we'll talk on Thursday. You will be able to learn of a he's he's making jokes

