Day 2_ Sell More Paid Programs In 2022
Date: 2022-02-24T00:21:33.000Z
Duration: 115 min
Otter ID: MdCJaL-oB71AL04PAw8ZGHBDNHc
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: GM today to have sell more of your paid programs in 2022. Welcome to day two of this three day intensive let me know where you're watching from. Let me know where you're logging in from Live. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. I'm here with you today for day two of this incredible three day intensive where we're going to help you if you're a course creator if you're a coach to sell more of your paid programs this year, and we're actually going to get started here in right about three minutes. We're going to do about a three minute countdown here, because we started just a little bit later. So we're gonna count down for three minutes here, let me know where you're watching from. And here's our trusty countdown timer. So post in the comments where you're watching from, what's you're looking forward to. Also, if you have any questions, check that out. If you haven't watched day one yet, be sure to log in and watch that if you're here in the Grow Your Life Facebook group, you can find that on there. If you're on my Instagram, you can find it on my Instagram feed. If you're on my Facebook page, you can find it on the Facebook page. If you scroll down just a little bit day ones on there. If you're on my YouTube, you can find it there. If it's on my Twitter, you can find it there. And if you don't follow me on all those platforms, be sure to follow me on all my social media platforms. Social media is how we find our customers. Okay, so the number one way that I know to find more customers, especially now we're in a new economy, we're in a new world. The way that you connect with people to sell more of your coaching and courses is through social media. Social media is the number one way that I teach people to use 100% of every single person that we found for our coaching programs. Our courses, through the years now and in the past have been through social media. And so learning to use social media understanding how social media works, is vital to the process that I teach people how to do and we talked about that yesterday, as well. Getting Started just posting one post a day on your Instagram reels and tick tock is where you can get started. But let me know right now where you're watching from where you're logging in from where you are joining us from live here in the in the feed. We got some people here from let's see. Kentucky. Yeah, we have a snow storm here too. We have an ice storm here in Austin, Texas, where they've actually asked people to not leave their homes. Because there's so much ice on the roads. It's dangerous for anybody to drive. I saw my neighbor driving this morning but he got home safely, which is good. But yeah, it's like a sheet of ice out there. So we're snowed in basically here in Austin. And some people are experiencing that. Hello from Kuwait. Hello from Alabama. Hello from South Dakota. Amazing takeaways from yesterday's class. Yes. If you haven't watched yesterday's day one again, go back and check that out. Go back and watch day one. You there's so much there to unpack, there's so much there for you to learn from. There's so many lessons to glean from in that that I truly think we actually saw somebody say they got sales, one of their first sales this morning, the day after watching I don't know if had something to do with that. But the confidence that's built the confidence coming out of that you're going to become unstoppable. My friends, I promise you that and here's the thing. Confidence has nothing to do with what you've accomplished, what you've done, what you've experienced, or even what's going on in your life. Confidence is something that you can cultivate confidence is something that you can step into on demand. And when you learn how to do that you can sell more of your programs. So we're gonna dive right into that here. Welcome to day two of sell more of your paid programs here. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I gave you my introduction we've been building businesses for the last 18 years I started as a video editor been helping companies grow $20 million dollars, we have frequently campaigns that make 200 300 even $500,000 a month in sales for coaches and course creators. We've helped many of our clients that we've coached we have consulting clients that we've worked with scale their businesses to six figures and then from six figures to seven figures. And that's what I want to help you do if you're not making six figures. I want to help you get to that Almighty six figure level 10,000 a month. If you're making six figures right now, I want to get you to that seven figure level. That's where you're making over $83,000 a month.

[77:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: And by the way, no matter what level you're at, if don't think that Oh, I can't imagine making 83,000 a month. Keep it to where you're at whatever your level is, okay, so you might hear me mention these big numbers, don't be overwhelmed by how big a number is, just because you've not experienced it or it sounds too big for you. Keep it to where you're at. And then think about and imagine we talked about yesterday, and I'm going to go back and recap a little bit of this, the six keys that you need to make sure of, to successfully sell your coaching and courses, one of the biggest ones, and one of the biggest things that you need to remember, is your self belief, your self conviction and the belief in your product and what you're offering out there to people. You cannot get people to sign up for your coaching and courses, if you don't believe in yourself and believe in what you're selling. You just can't like, and you have to fully believe in it, you have to fully show up at that. And if you're not getting sales, you don't have a business, you have a very time consuming hobby. Okay. And so sales, revenue, cash flow that comes in, you have to get cash from people in order to have the business. Cash Flow solves everything it does. Some people might say, Well, no, it doesn't, it doesn't solve my mindset issues, actually, it can help with that. Because you can hire, you'll have the cash to hire a coach and a therapist to help you work through some of that. See what I mean, you can actually hire people to help you with a lot of the things that hold you back, the more cash flow that comes in. So really, the more people you enroll in your programs, the more people that sign up for your paid programs, the more impact you can have. And I know a lot of you you want to have impact, you don't just want to make a lot of money. I think a lot of course creators and coaches, they're not just getting into it to make a lot of money. Now if if your reason for getting into coaching is I just want to get rich, I do want to challenge that, that way of thinking, that's great. But it has to be for something more than that, because you're going to struggle to actually get rich, if that's your only reason to do it. Okay. And a big thing is is learning about how to connect and how to communicate with people. If you're an experienced coach, we have some people that there have been a pastor, they've been a teacher, you understand working with people and human dynamics and power dynamics and how to lead people and how to read people and influence and work through different issues with people when to be silent when to say something. Listen, coaching isn't just all about criticizing problems that people have. As much as it seems like, that's what you get paid to do. That's actually closer, more aligned with a consultant, a consultant is more paid to show up and tell you what your problems are and how to solve them. A coach helps those that they coach unlock the greatness that's inside of their students. And that's very different. A football coach, I love the Kansas City Chiefs, whether you'd like football or not note, whatever, whatever your favorite sport is, a football coach wants to unlock the greatness in their player. Which is why a lot of times the player makes a lot of the decisions. The great quarterbacks call their own plays.

[131:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then the coach is working with the other team members to keep them motivated to keep them going. They're managing the other coaches. And really even as a business coach, or if you're a Christian coach, or a therapist, like a trauma coach, or whatever it is, whatever your area is, that you coach in, your goal is to pull the greatness out of those that you coach, how can you pull the greatness out of them if you struggle to pull it out of yourself when you can't. And so that's what we talked about yesterday. That's what we talked about yesterday is dealing with what's between your two years, you're not done, there's no trick or gimmick to this, you're not going to be able to find magic words to say the people that's going to make you successful until you deal with your own issues, until you commit to growing out of your own trauma. Because then you're just going to project that onto those you coach, you're going to find your validation in the performance that you produce. So that's what we talked about yesterday. And that's what all of yesterday was about is working on what's between your two years. Now today, strategy, sales, getting sales. Again, if you're apprehensive to sales and selling, I'm not a high pressure sales guy. I can be I know how to be. I've learned how to be I've chosen not to be because it's actually better and more effective not to be which is funny is most people think that like that's how they got to be to sell successfully. That's actually not the case. The best salespeople are not high pressure salespeople. They're not manipulative. They're not coercive. They're not intimidating people into buying. Let me just share something if you got to intimidate someone If somebody into buying from you, especially as a coach or course creator, they're not going to use what they buy. And they're going to resent the whole relationship the whole way. And so it's not even worth it. Because really coaching is about building a trust relationship courses as well, there's a trust relationship. So it's not even, like, it's anti effective to be a course creator or a coach, and to use high pressure sales tactics, because then people are going to want their money back more often, they're not going to want to work with you. And they're just not going to like they're not going to put up with your, your ego issues. So let's get rid of trying to learn those ways to pressure somebody into buying from you, you're not gonna hear any of those for me. And any anybody that is teaching, that is what I consider an amateur salesperson.

[174:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: They are beginner salespeople, beginner salespeople, learn to use those tactics, because they're easier in some degree to, to close people. But you got to basically lay your morals at the door. And for me, I care about my integrity, my reputation, I care about making sure that people feel served, not just forced into filling my pockets with money. All right. So like, I bet that you're the same way to if you're listening to me right now. You're, you're not somebody that's supportive of that I doubt that's not the type of person that that I attract with the type of stuff that I do. That's not the type of training that you're going to get from me, you're going to actually learn a better way of selling your courses, and coaching programs. And what we use is relationship marketing, and attraction, marketing, but not the way that you normally have heard it. What it is, is you're able to attract using social media, the people that are most likely to want to pay you money to work with you. And so what it is, is you're only really ever talking to people that are highly qualified, you're not spending your time communicating or connecting with people that are knows that you have to try to convince to it, yes, almost every single person that I connect with, that I work with, and I can tell you, every single person who buys from me, they're already saying like, yes, I want that, yes, I want that goal. Yes, that's a desire that I have. And so as long as you can find as many people as possible as those, you don't need to use high pressure sales tactics, you don't, because you're not trying to convince them that they want what they don't really want. All you're doing is presenting an opportunity to them and saying, Do you want this? Here it is, here's how to take it, go sign up. And so there's no high pressure to that. But how do we attract those people, that's the that's the hard part. That's the sauce. That's the secret sauce, quote, unquote, that people hire me for, that I work with people for but here's the thing I want to give that to you. Today, I'm actually going to give you the secret sauce of how we attract those people. And what it is, is it has to do with the words that you use. It has to do with the language of how you present yourself online. And the the emotion of how you connect with people. So there's an emotional connection that happens through the words that you use, and 95% of everything that I teach people, everything that I coach people on everything that I work with people through and my courses is built around this one thing that I'm giving you for free here today is how to do that. And so what you have to do is you first have to start with, okay, who am I wanting to go through my program? Who am I wanting to buy my product. And this is I think where a lot of people miss it is they focus so much on what they're selling, they focus on their course, they focus on their coaching program, they focus on the their methodology and their framework. They even focus a little too much on the transformation that they can bring people. And that's actually wrong. Now, let me explain that focusing on the transformation is correct. But only when you know who you're targeting it towards who the transformation is targeted towards. And you have to prove that that's actually a result that they want. How do you prove that we've talked about yesterday social media is one way for free to prove and to test out the messaging, if people want to engage with you want to sign up with you for what you're offering, you can base that off of the engagement and the comments that you get from people. So when you put out a lot of different messages, you first have to start with all of your marketing, all of your offers all of your funnels, your coaching program, your products, your courses are all based around who who is the person that you're trying to reach. And so we call this our ideal target customer, or our customer avatar. And what you will find is, when you start with who first not what, who the person is, your sales become automatic, and become nearly effortless.

[254:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you're focused on what you're selling. It's a nearly impossible uphill battle to get people to buy it. When we focus on who the person is, that we're selling to, the ability to find those people and get them to buy from us to register for our programs to enroll becomes nearly effortless. Yet, why do so many people struggle with that, because oftentimes, they're not using the right words. And this is where a lot of people really are halted. There's a lot of people that have made a lot of money in copywriting and copywriting coaching and sales copywriting. I'm not talking about copywriting, like a copyright on a book or music. But it's called copywriting, Seo PYW. Are it t like writing a book. So sales copy is words that persuade people to take action, and get them to buy from you. And so when you start with who first and you write effective copy, you're able to attract 1000s of people to you, that will buy from you, almost effortlessly. You don't have to spend a lot of money. You don't need to spend hundreds of hours doing this and figuring this out. You don't need to have hundreds of hours in your day. And you don't need to have a massive social media following. In fact, we tested this out with an author that we are helping promote their book, brand new page on social media, zero followers. We got that book to the top of Amazon number one sales in two categories. We were consulting him on how to do this number one sales in two categories for his book for four straight weeks, by using the exact method that I'm giving to you right now that I'm sharing with you. And so by starting with who the person is not the demographics, by the way, the psycho graphics, it's based on how they think it's based on what their life experiences are. who influences them? What TV shows do they watch? What do they listen to? What music do they listen to? What brands do they interact with? What cars do they buy? How do they connect with their friends? How do they communicate? Now, how do you figure that out? ethically? You actually, a way that I do it is I asked people directly through my social media, a lot of my content is based on understanding that information from the people that are most likely to be my target customer. And so a lot of people, they, they just they don't know how to do that. So one thing that I'll do is I will literally ask, like, what is the number one thing that's stopping you from selling online. And then people will say it's time management, it's all. So I will send out emails, I'll make posts, I'll make social media posts all about these things. Then I start making social media videos all about the solutions to these problems and seeing how people are commenting back. So I'm getting into the mind of my target customer to where I can actually essentially read their mind better than they understand even why that they want to do it now. That's how you sell to people effortlessly. As you get into understanding what drives and motivates them. And then your language and the words that you use. All you do is you mirror back to people the exact same words that they told you. Now this sounds like a lot of work. What's really cool is it was a lot work until last year. It was a lot of work until last year. And then a tool came out that I love. It was called Jarvis. But now it's called Jasper.

[324:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I use this for all of my copywriting. Jasper is an artificial intelligence, social media, post blogging, sales page, headline writing, Facebook ad writing platform. Rachel Peterson endorses it. There's 50,000 content marketers that use it. It's trained on how to write original and creative content for SEO, direct response, marketing, blogging, website, copy, and more. And so previously, we used to have to know how to do all of this stuff ourselves. And it was like you had to read a ton of books. You had to learn, go through like hours of courses on copywriting, become an expert at copywriting and understand all of this. And this tool came out and now literally some of the top multimillionaire copywriters in the world onyx and gall $300 million. One of the best marketers that is out there, endorses it as a serious tool for marketers. The endorsements for this are from some of the best of the best of the best people in the world that have written copy. interesting side note, some of you who have followed my mom have taken some of her courses. This is really fun for some of you. So those of you that follow Sandy Krakowski at a real change, calm. Jarvis actually lets you put the tone of voice that you want your copywritten in. And you can actually put Sandy Krakowskie as a tone of voice. And it will write copy, like my mom does. And it actually sounds like it. And I often use that for some of my sales pages because I it's trained off of tons of videos and sales pages throughout the history of the internet. Now how does all this work behind the scenes, I'm not going to go super in depth into it. Basically, there's a company called Open AI that Elon Musk helped found with Sam Altman and all these other guys, these these tech guys. And open AI has a framework called GPT. Three GPT. Three is the engine behind Jarvis, it's trained off of the entire internet, to write copy, and then they train it again, based off of the best copywriters in the world to join it's easy for your and you can literally your social media content can be written off of this. And so what you do is when you start with who first you can actually ask Jarvis to write strategic copy to sell to you. And what I'm gonna actually do is I'm actually share in the chat, they have actually let me log in here. They have a free trial that you can, you can try of it. So I am an affiliate of this, I'm actually logging into

[373:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: my I don't remember what my login is. I'll find it later. And I'll post it, I'll send you an email. I don't want to waste a bunch of time doing that. Okay. But you can get a free trial of Jarvis to where you can learn how to use it absolutely free. I just did a podcast episode on my website as well. It's about 2020 minutes long. Why break down and actually demonstrate it here in the q&a. If you guys want me to let me know in the comments. I'll demonstrate how we use it. How we use artificial intelligence to write everything. So we use it for all of our social media content, our emails, our marketing, our landing pages, and we're using this to reach our target customers. So that's the first step. You can actually you can claim the trial right here. Here it is. Except the link is now Jasper. Why do they call it Jasper? Disney threatened to sue them because Jarvis is a brand of Marvel for their Ironman their Ironman brand, and so they had to change the name to Jasper. That's why they just launched a year ago, this company they just launched and they have 50,000 users. It's one of the coolest companies their community is absolutely incredible. There's the link to the free trial you can check that out you can try out Jarvis for free. And so writing copy used to take a lot of effort. It used to be really difficult. It used to be really hard to do. Now you can use this tool to write your copy for you. But writing good copy, putting up offers that doesn't really solve your problems. What you have to do is then How do you attract 1000s of people through that, okay, so as a coach, as a course creator, again, you don't want to get stuck in the weeds of all this technical stuff, you don't want to get stuck in the weeds of being stuck doing all these technical things in your business, because you're not going to enroll people with that, and you're not going to spend your time doing what you do best coaching. This is what I see a lot of people do wrong with their coaching and where a lot of programs fail people, as they focus so much on the technical side of things, and less on the actual, letting coaches and course creators do what they do best, creating great courses to train people and coaching people to improve their lives and bring transformation to them. And so that needs to be your main focus is doing what you do best. I don't want you to commit 10s of 1000s of hours of your time trying to get customers, okay? Can we all agree to that? That it's not, it's not worth our time to spend 1000s of hours trying to get customers, when we're coaching and doing courses, right? There's a lot of people that believe that that's what it takes. There's a lot of great programs out there that sell people that that's what they should do. And they should be spending all this time doing all these technical things. And really, you just want to coach and impact people. But if you learn just a few simple things, and that's what I'm sharing with you here today of how to find 1000s of eager and ready to learn students that I want to give you a non techie framework that you can use to find your niche, so that you can start to bring in the people that are going to be most qualified to be your target customer. Without spending tons of hours without needing a big social media following without needing to spend a bunch of money. Does that sound like a good idea? Is that something that you'd want? How do I know that that's what you want? Well, that's, that's actually what the landing page that you signed up for this program is for? So that's what I'm going to give you. How do you find those people you start with who first then you can use a tool like Jarvis to write your ads and your landing pages for you, then what we do is we create social media content, very simply 15 minutes a day, the more you do it, it only takes me five minutes a day. Now, to do all my social media content, I used to spend 15 minutes, that takes me five minutes. If you're spending longer than that you're spending way too much time on your social media content. If you're spending more than five minutes on your social media ads, you're spending way too much time. You don't need to spend a lot of time like I want you to get that. If you get nothing from this, you don't need to spend a lot of time to build a successful coaching, and course business. You don't need to learn all these technical things of marketing and sales to be successful.

[451:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't you just have to understand who your target customer is, and learn how to talk to them, and communicate and connect with them better. And Jarvis is a tool for you to do that. Because now you're able to look at okay, who is my target customer. And it helps write the copy and the blog post and the social media content, it will create scripts for you and ideas for your social media videos to start you with. Okay? Now, how do you take that and actually find people, right? So I tried this out where I put a bunch of content out there, I showed you all my videos on tick tock and YouTube and Instagram. And, and I tested this out. I'm here today to tell you that posting a whole bunch of organic content does not bring in customers. It just doesn't. However, it does establish your messaging better. And it does help you get better at communicating with your target customer. And so I'm super thankful for the exercise that I went through of making that content. What I want you to focus on is a few simple things every single day, getting better at your messaging, one video that you can post on reels and tick tock minimum. If you want to post more than that great. Is there a better time to post on social media spread it out throughout the day between 7am to 7pm? It's one of the most common questions I get asked. How does that turn into customers though for me? It turned into a few customers. But it wasn't what I really wanted. I got a lot of customers and when have a thriving business. And we're making six figures that will get you to six figures and multiple, six figures. Sure. But how do you go beyond that? By finding more new strangers on the internet, I call them strangers on the internet, because they're people that you've never met, and building trust and relationship with brand new people that have never heard from you by making offers to those people. And so how do you find those people? How do you find people online, through social media that have never heard of you that have never bought anything from you, they don't know who you are, they don't trust you and get them to buy your programs. That's what I'm going to show you. And that's what my entire system is all about. So all of this leading up to that is the groundwork to help you establish your messaging, the tools to do that, the mental framework, you have to be confident, you have to believe in what you're selling for you to be successful at it. If you make copy, and don't believe in it, Jarvis can help you but you're going to, to still write it from a place of trying to convince people, and we're not in the business of convincing people. We're not in the business of convincing people that they should work with us. We're not in the business of trying to convince people that we're a good fit for them at all. We're in the business of meeting people where they're at finding how we can serve them, and showing up to build a potential relationship with with them. Now, here's the thing with that is everybody that you connect with online, going to want to start to coach with you and buy your courses? No, they're not. In fact, out of everybody that you meet online, probably only about five to 10% of everybody that you meet, is going to want to do some sort of business with you. That's been the numbers in my experience that we usually pull out, you can usually get about 10% to 15 to 20% that maybe will follow you engage with all your content and get on your email list. But who's actually going to engage with your paid programs? It's right around 5%.

[518:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because they're just not ready, not everybody is ready to do that. Then you might say, well, 5%, that's such a low number, what a waste of time I would I waste time with the 95% of people that don't want anything to do with me. Because what you're doing is you're essentially mining for gold, you're trying to find those people that are the 5% by putting your message out there. And the way that the social media algorithms work is they're not perfect all the time. But those 5% will be attracted to you. And so then what you do is when you figure out who your buyers are, you make all of your messaging, all of your social media content, and all of your offers based around who has already signed up with you. Okay, so what I do is, I, again, I don't always recommend this unless you've never coached anybody before and really just want to spend a lot of time that's funny, I did a lot of things that I don't recommend people do. So don't like do everything that I did. I did over almost 400, free 15 to 30 minute phone calls with people free coaching that I offered people to really get my messaging good. So I hopped on the phone with close to 400 people that I got off the internet, I got them to sign up and then I figured out okay, what's the pattern of problems that these 400 people have. And now that's what all of my content is based off of. There's an easier way to do that now with tic tock in Rails. Tic tock and rails have not become the Instagram rails have not become the mature platforms that they are right now. Until probably in the last six months. So with Jarvis with tick tock and reels, you literally don't have to work as hard as you did a year ago to find your target customers to find the people that you're most best to work with. Okay. So think about that. Who is the person we got to go back to this, the overarching framework, if you're not getting sales, you don't have a business, you have a time consuming hobby. That's taking up a lot of your time. Because nobody is paying you and you're gonna burn out you're eventually going to give up with that. Nobody can do that forever. Okay. The money that you bring in the cash flow is how you can hire people and focus all of your time on your lane of genius, which is coaching and teaching people. That's what you want to focus the majority of your time doing as a coach and as a course creator is teaching and coaching people getting better at that right. But you've got To start with, who first? Who is the person that you're inviting on to the journey with you. And we base this off of Joseph Campbell's the hero's journey. Almost everything that I do in marketing is based off of Joseph Campbell's the hero's journey. So Joseph Campbell's The Hero's Journey, essentially, is the marketing plan that I use and that all of my clients use to be successful with their coaching and course businesses. So here's what it is. This is your target customer, right here. And they have this idea to do something, whatever it is that you're doing. Supernatural aid, and guardians. Now what does this mean? Star Wars is a great example of this. Okay, if you've never watched Star Wars, any a lot of movies follow this plan, a lot of books do as well. When Luke Skywalker found Obi Wan Kenobi, Obi Wan Kenobi was the supernatural aid, and Guardian that was going to invite him into the challenges and temptations to help him along the way to rebuild and transform his life, to go further on his journey. And so as a coach, and as a course creator, the hero's journey, is the overarching framework of your marketing.

[584:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And how you find your target customer. So what you want to do is you want to figure out who is this person that you most likely can help. So for my client, Rick, some of you know who Rick is Rick Pino, he is a musician, a worship leader, his target customer is songwriters that have songs written that they want to publish and get out there. He's had millions of streams on Spotify, but a totally independent artist in he works with record labels, and helps people do that. So his target customer is the person that wants to get millions of streams with their music. So who is your person right here that you help you got to really identify that, then you might say, well, there's tons of them. Well, Rick has over 5000 people in a community of songwriters, but they all have that same desire to get millions of streams, on their music through Spotify and Apple Music. Okay. For me, my target customer is coaches, and course creators that want to make a full time living and not just survive, but thrive in their business, multiple six figures, and even seven figures. So that's who this is. So now this is, this is me right here. I'm the aide the guide, the helper, that's going to help you the course creator, the coach, along the way to transform yourself into the person that can go off on their own on the adventure of coaching, and course creation. For Rick, same thing. He's the helper the aid that shows up to say, Hey, listen, I've walked the journey before, I know all the things that you need to do and all the pitfalls to avoid and all the all the monsters along the way that we can defeat. And I can help save you, literally 25 years off your journey. I've been doing this for 18 years, I can save you 18 years off your journey, as a coach, and as a course creator. And so for you, you want to flip that script, okay? Take that script, your target customer. Whatever their desire is, whatever adventure that they're going on. What is the adventure of a course creator or coach? What's your adventure? You're going on this adventure of learning how to find as many people to coach and by your programs, right? And Jarvis is what I would call the supernatural superpower. That That of course creators and coaches just started using, not Jarvis Jasper, they again, remember I mentioned they renamed it Jasper, they literally can save themselves years of what you used to have to do manually. Okay. And so the call to adventure your target customer, whatever yours is, what is the goal that they have in their life? What is the journey that they're headed on? What is the journey that they are going after? What is the journey that you are inviting them into you so, so in your marketing, and how you find those people? What you do is you you create offers that speak directly to the person, the pain points and the problems that this person Has, while you're showing up and saying hi, I'm the the helper, the mentor, that's going to be there with you along the way along your journey to help bring you through the challenges and temptations and bring you to the transformation at the end to where you can go further on your journey than you could on your own. And so all of your social media content is based around that all of your offers are based around that. That's what I did with with this three day intensive is this advertisement if you saw this, or the email that I sent out, sell more paid programs, to coaches and course creators. Finally, get the business results you want out of your own online course and coaching business. By the way, Jasper wrote this Jasper actually wrote this entire page right here. I fed Jasper with the common problems that my target customer had. And I wrote this entire page. I added a few things about the time of day and my experience on my own.

[659:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so right here, have you been struggling to find success? That's the type of person that I'm looking for. Do you feel like something's missing that others don't cover? That's a major problem and pitfall that a lot of coaches that I hear that come to me, they've been through a ton of programs, they've learned from a ton of coaches, they've taken a ton of teachings from a ton of amazing people that are out there, I'm sure you've learned from a ton of amazing people. And yet, for some reason, they still struggle to get customers. And then in my experience, we've been able to do millions and millions of dollars 10s of 1000s of sales of coaching and courses online. And so that's what I'm inviting people into, is helping them do that with intensives, like this. And so that helps me find my target customer that helps me connect with them. And then what I do is I do q&a, so that I can hear what are the problems, what are the pain points, and then all of my marketing is based off of that, okay. And so what you do is you create opportunities for conversations. So right now, you and I right now ignore all the other people in the comments. I'm just talking to you, personally, I'm talking to you personally, if you're on Instagram, I'm talking to the one person that's on here. By the way, that's a hint and a secret to how you can make your content better. You're not talking to a wide group of people, you're talking to one person that's called the one to many model, one speaking to many. I'm speaking to you, though, personally right now. Nobody else. If you can learn how to create and facilitate conversations with your target, who the person that you're inviting onto the journey, and have as many conversations with the who that's is going to go through your courses, the who that is going to go through your programs, through your social media content through your offers. Now, some of you might say, well, I don't have enough time in my day to talk to all those people. I get that I don't either. How do you have that many conversations with people, that's where the one to many model comes in. So when you figure out who the person is you identify the one type of person you end up talking to, and assuming this is the one place where you can make an assumption that you're assuming that you're talking to the most qualified person, I'm only ever talking to the most qualified person that can ever work with me. Yes, there's a lot of other people out there. And we appreciate them being a part of our ecosystem. But I'm only ever talking to the person who is most qualified to work with, go through my coaching, and buy my courses. And if you talk through in your offers, and you're inviting that one single person to your offers, they will literally tell you all of their problems, all of their frustrations, all of the ways to sell to them all of the problems that they want you to solve. And then you literally create offers that match the exact words that they used. And that's literally the secret sauce. That's literally the entire formula is you use the same words that your target customer has already used themselves about what they're struggling with, and the solution that you can bring to them. And now that becomes a The transformation that you're selling, okay. And now this is where we call, Alex Hermoza coined this called sell the vacation, you're not selling the process, you're not selling the coaching process, you're not communicating to them the coaching process. And this is where a lot of coaches and course creators miss it, and struggle and lose a lot of money on ads and get almost no people to sign up. They're selling people on the process. They're selling people on the what they're selling people on the how that's like, if you if you if you're selling flights to Maui,

[730:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're selling people on sitting in a seat for 10 hours on a plane. And that's all you're ever talking about, that's the most miserable part of the entire experience. That's the most miserable part of the whole journey. You want to sell people if you're selling trips to Maui, on the Plumerias in the air, and and the warm sun on their face and the beach and how it feels like all their problems have disappeared. So you're selling the vacation. How does this translate to coaching courses, you're selling the end result transformation that that target customer, the who desires. And so in all of your offers, your emails, your social media content, you're selling the end result transformation that they're going to get, not how they get there. And this is what separates successful coaches and course creators from those who struggle. The ones who struggle are always trying to sell their process. They're trying to sell how they do it and their unique framework, and, and the way that they're going to get there, the plane flight, I'm going to be real with you the plane flight. If you're a coach, the process is gonna scare most people away. It's too hard for people, it's too difficult for most people, whoever you're coaching, it's gonna make them sick to their stomach, they're gonna run away before you even have a chance to tell them how great the results gonna be. And so if you lead with the result. That's why we started yesterday, imagine 10 next in your income, imagine 10 times the amount of people enrolling in your coaching, and courses. You can notice looking back, literally everything that I'm teaching you, I bet it's starting to come together. I've literally been doing that for the last two days and the last two weeks with you. You might be like, well, what are you going to sell us Jeremiah? That's it's funny. I've already shown you my website, you can go sign up for anything on there. That's that's I'm not. That's how I sell. But I want you to start doing this in your business. Start speaking to the transformation that the who wants. They want more energy, they want to lose weight. Well, why do they want to lose weight? So you got to ask that question. Why more often, by the way Jasper helps you do this. Jasper is a tool that literally helps you write this stuff up for your offers and for your emails and for your social media content. It's insane. It's incredible. And it literally figures out the best pain point based on who your target customer is. When you lead with who the person is, to the transformation that they want the end result in your offer. And then you put that out there on social media. You put that out there on Facebook ads. Again, we haven't talked about Facebook ads at all. Five to $10 a day on Facebook ads is literally all that you need to get started 150 To 300 bucks a month to test things out to get the ball rolling my core social media ads that work shows you how to do that. You can then find more of these people so Facebook actually gives you a tool. Meta is now the new name of the company to where based off of who engages with your content on Facebook and Instagram reels specifically, Instagram reels is very important. You can capture those people. Once you get about 1000 people engaging with your content, which is very easy to do organically through Instagram rails in about a week. You can build what's called a look alike audience. Okay. And so what a look alike audience is, is Facebook uses their artificial intelligence. They have 10s have 1000s of data points on the psychographics of people. And whether whatever side of the fence you're on about them as a company, that this isn't a conversation about that. It works when it comes to finding people to buy your courses and your coaching programs. And so what you're able to do is and listen, you don't need to spend budgets like 7000 $10,000 a day to do this, literally, by the way, this campaign right here, you see, I'm showing it to you right here.

[809:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: We started at just five to $10 a day, and it got and it had so much results, we were able to scale it up. And it's making three times the budget being spent on this based off of testing the exact stuff that I'm showing you right now. But you can start with five to $10 a day. So what you do is you go under audiences here, and my social media ads course walks you through all this, but I'm gonna walk you through, like the basics of it. So you're able to create a custom audience, based off of who visits your website as one of them. If you have an email list, this is super cool. We actually had a client that had an email list of over 40,000 Beauty network marketing reps, and she created a course for beauty reps. What you're able to do is are you able to do it based on a video views, or an Instagram account. So you're able to do who engaged with a professional Instagram account, you're able to do video views right here. Whoever watched 75% of your video, if somebody is watching 75% of your video, there are more qualified lead for you. Okay. And it's not just finding these people. So you're able to do a Facebook page or an Instagram profile, you can go to an Instagram business profile. So let's go to mine right here. And these are my Instagram reels right here. And I'm able to pull these in 855 This was a couple days ago, these are normal numbers that people can get just starting out, by the way with Instagram rules is 1000s of views. That's why I say Instagram rules and tick tock. You can load up your videos from Instagram and Facebook into here. Why do I say tick tock because it's a growing platform. Really, you're doing this more for Instagram reels, but you want to put the same stuff on tick tock, you're able to then create an audience based off of who watched through your video content at 75%. Whatever your videos are, and the more videos you do, the better because you're able to get a wide range based off of different topics. Again, psychographic who's watching those videos, you can set how many days I'll usually do the whole year. We'll just do it like a test right here. There's an audience right there. And then what you have to do is create a look alike audience. So the look alike audience, we usually set this to 5%. And then we'll also test out 1%. And we'll run two campaigns side by side between 1% and 5%, at $5 a day. And you're able to select usually in the beginning, it's your country of origin that you're marketing to. Once you get about 1000 people you can do I always do United States, Canada, United Kingdom, and Australia. If it doesn't let you do Canada, United Kingdom and Australia just to the US. And so what this is going to do is this is going to find me 19 million people on Facebook and Instagram that have the similar data points, the 1000s of data points to who watched through 75% of my videos. Now if you're sending people to a website, you're able to even do it based off of who visits your website. So here's how I do it on mine is now that I've been doing this and creating offers like this, this program right here, I look at okay, who visited and who registered for a program like sell more paid programs, right? So I look at who these people are. And I tell Facebook, okay, find me 19 million people on your platform that are similar to who registered for this. And then I send them the same offer to those 19 million people. And we run the same event over and over again. And the more times that I do it, the better I get at it. The more times I do it, I'll you know, I'll probably do the same event, and a couple of weeks from now, maybe tweak the language a little bit, I'm probably gonna call it something a little bit differently. And that's how I find my target customers. That's how we're finding target customers for Georgian. That's how we're finding target customers for Stacy. This is the exact method that we used to grow and build my mom's business. You guys know Sandy Krakowskie a real change. How do we grow the inner circle to over 3000 people and reach over 2 million people. We built audiences of people based off of the psychographics and told the algorithm to find us more people like those people,

[880:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that built a multimillion dollar $20 million business, but doing that, starting with just five to $10 a day. And so literally, any course creator and coach can start with this, you start with just making daily Instagram reels, tick tock videos that will help you get more comfortable making videos, why do I start with those, because it should only take you five minutes to do that, the more you get comfortable with your message, do a Facebook Live, do an Instagram Live, make a longer form video if you feel comfortable doing it. But you can literally build your look alike audience just based off of Instagram rails. And the 1000s of people that watch those, you build a look alike audience based off of who has watched through the reel, you're able to retarget all of the people who engage with you. So all of those 1000s of people that watched you already, you can retarget them to follow you to sign up for your offers to sign up for your coaching program to schedule a free call with you. And to do all that using the messaging that connects with those target customers. And so you're able to take advantage of the algorithms on Facebook, to attract 1000s of ready to buy people in front of you, and sell them your coaching and courses. And that's how we do it. That's how we sell to people. That's how we reach millions of people. And that starts with just five to $10 a day. That's it. Five to $10 a day, five to $10 a day, what's your goal with that? Initially, if you're spending five to $10 a day, here's what I tell people, you don't want to be losing money. If you're losing money, you're doing it wrong. And my social media ads Course talks about that. You don't want to be losing money, I never want to see you like spending $1 on ads that's wasted. At the bare minimum, you should be making back your dollar. Right, so you put in $5, it makes back $5, it might take you 10 days to do that to where it spends about 50. And you make back 50. But if you're not making back at least equal, then you after about a week or so a week of running a $5 campaign, it's about 35 bucks that you'd spend, you're only out 35 bucks, I would stop the campaign after that. After about $100 You've really tested if it's gonna work or not. Okay. And so then what you do is you build that audience, I go, I go more in depth about all the topics of social media ads and all that in my social media ads course, you're also able to use what's called broad targeting, to find people. Broad targeting is where you can target interests and other pages on social media, and things like that. And I go through all of that in there, you're able to actually, you can promote your videos on social media, to a broad targeted group of people to build your look alike audience again, I go over that a few times in my podcast, and on my social media ads course. Okay. We are here at the top of the hour right now. And we do have another day left in this. So I know that I've given you a lot of information, a lot of stuff about how we find how we attract customers. I do want to start taking some questions here and showing you deeper into how we do this and start answering all of the stuff that's going through your head. Listen, there's no silly questions. There's no stupid questions. Don't feel like you have to have it all figured out today. Don't worry as well, you literally don't have to learn a ton of technical stuff. To make this work. It's very simple. You just have to learn a few simple things. You don't need to spend a ton of hours you don't need a big following I mentioned that page. We helped an author, zero followers on their social media go to number one on Amazon using this exact methodology. Any questions in the chat? Let me know. I'm gonna scroll through here and see if there's any more. Yeah, Jasper is awesome. Is there a target length for a video to upload? What video? Are you talking about the videos that you do 75% Yesterday we talked about that Instagram reels and tick tock you want 15 to 30 seconds. No more than 30 seconds to wait too long if it's more than 30 seconds. Unless you unless you really want to unpack something you can do three minutes. But I would recommend no more than 15 to 30 seconds for Instagram and Tik Tok and if you can, seven seconds really helps the algorithm push you to more people. And that's that's like free traffic right there. Okay, learn to create and facilitate conversations Exactly.

[956:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what you're able to do is you're able to use the algorithm to create conversations with your most qualified target customer through the offers that you make them and we haven't even gone into what offers are. So your offer is you end up offering offering to people to invite them onto that journey with you. And you use the ads. You use the copy with Jasper to do that. Let's see who knew? Shall I? Start with who? Who am I selling to? Yep, that's it. Donald Miller talks about the hero's journey. Yeah, Dalton, Donald Miller has some good teaching on this. I haven't listened to any of his teaching. But I've heard a lot of people say that what I teach is very similar to the way that he teaches it. So I've actually never heard any of his stuff before. Oh, but I've but I've heard that he's pretty good on that. Um, Jasper? Yeah. Can you tell us about Jasper again, so Jasper is an artificial intelligence platform that writes your sales copy for you. And I'm going to again, I'm going to post here in the Facebook group, a link to the free trial of this for you. So Jasper, lets you write all your marketing, copy your blog posts, your emails, your social media content, and it uses artificial intelligence to write it. So you don't have to spend a ton of hours saying I don't know what to put on there. You just focus on who your target customer is. See what other questions we got. Um, how much is Jasper after the trial period. They have the pricing right here. For most of you, you're not going to probably use more than their $29 a month level. That's their starting level. Boss mode is the one that I use, and it's about 100 bucks a month.

[993:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I'm telling you the amount of hours that you can save for $29 doing this, it's not even worth it. Because you'll actually lose money on a lot of your ads and your campaigns. Just simply because it's better than you are at it. It's better than I am on my own at reading copy. It's just not even worth it to try to figure it out on your own. And so that free trial, I'll put that I'll post that link in there

[1002:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: the Jasper add the photo, or did you do that? Now the photo. So the photo on this that I showed you? at my website, it came up with the name for me. And then I used a tool called Canva. My wife actually did the graphic. But it was based off of a template in Canva. So Canva is a free tool that does graphics design. And they have templates for Instagram posts, and graphics, and designs and covers and landing page covers. And literally anything that you can think of for free, literally, like it's not just free like, like the free version sucks, like the paid ones cheap and it's awesome. We use the paid one. But the free one literally is incredible. So it gives you like Facebook covers and Instagram and website covers and stuff in Canva. So we designed this so the words we pulled from Jarvis, and then we were able to create the graphic, you know, customize this template. This is like how fast it is. You know, sell more headphones. Like that quick, right? So Canva my kiddies down here. Canva is the tool that we use for all the graphics, and it's completely free to use. That's what we use for all of my graphics. In fact, we don't actually use any we don't use Photoshop for graphics for me. So any graphic that you've seen anything that I have on my social media or anything it's all Canva we use the app and everything to where to learn on how to create a course. So I have I have a course on my website

[1036:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Kids Can you hear my cat? Paul easy course Creation Blueprint Canva link is just canva.com You can type canva.com Or somebody can just type it in the chat real quick canva.com. So easy course Creation Blueprint walks you through my process for creating courses. And so this this will show you how to create a course, as well. I have a number of podcast episodes on this topic too. But you can go through again if you haven't again, high endorsement for the podcast. You guys if you're if you're not listening to my podcast, you haven't listened in episode. Like it's this level of of teaching on specific topics. And I how do I figure out those topics? It's based off of what people ask me. Up through here does Jasper create landing pages and funnels, it writes the words for your landing page and funnel, it doesn't create them. It doesn't create the page itself. So this is Squarespace so I use Squarespace, because it's the most cost effective. I actually do not use Click Funnels. For my stuff. Click Funnels is awesome. I'm a huge fan of it. Um, but I think it's a little bit pricey for the beginner. When you can do nearly everything that it does through Squarespace. I truly mean that. And Squarespace is one of the single most cost effective applications for for course creators. You can sell digital products, services, ecommerce, schedule appointments, they have members areas now, you can literally all of this through Squarespace. So my entire site is built through Squarespace.

[1068:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, not not click funnels, we actually use Clickfunnels for a number of clients. I love Click Funnels, I actually think it's great. I'm a huge fan of it. But 19 bucks a month versus 97 a month, you'll get 95% of what you need from Click Funnels out of Squarespace. So that's why I'm a huge proponent of Squarespace. And oh, by the way, that was actually the first course that I created, walks you through how to build a website and funnels through Squarespace. So it's a course all about website building. Through Squarespace, what I've done is I've attended essentially taken all my courses, everything that people asked me that they need help with it's a complete solution for you on all the different aspects no matter where you are in your journey you can do and so these are over at my website right here and then I have a bundle for all of them. It basically you get all of the courses in a bundle right here. Social media content website building offers this is actually probably my best course we don't even talk about this one. This is literally the best one for anybody to go through. It takes what we've talked about today times like eight hours where I break down the nuances of your offer and the target customer and all of that social media ads easy course Creation Blueprint and the bundles $1,000 On my website right now

[1093:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: see what are the questions but you're asking for for links in the chat. So let me go let me go to the chat and actually post those links for you. here real quick oops, that's the wrong one. Dot Yeah, irresistible offers is the best one. I think of any of the courses that I have Canva calm there's that and then somebody asked for a link to my podcast there's my podcast, so save those. The podcast covers a ton of content for you guys. Um, okay, let's see. I came in late is Jasper another form of Java? No, they renamed Jarvis to Jasper. They they almost said yeah, they they formerly Jarvis Disney threatened to sue Jarvis because of Iron Man. Because the AI robot and Iron Man the movies is called Jarvis. So they didn't want to go to a lawsuit. So they league they're only a year old. They're a newer company. They renamed themselves to Jasper. So they don't get sued. They were originally called conversion.ai. Then they call themselves Jarvis because that was the internal name. So Jarvis is the same as Jasper. That's just that's the name of is Jasper now but it's the same app. Um, fortunately, they didn't want to be in the legal battle because Disney has a lot of money. And they're a startup that doesn't have a lot of money. And so but it's an incredible tool nonetheless. Let's see, can you post a link to your putt? Is it best to go through your courses prior to launching a business or do them simultaneously, I highly recommend going through them simultaneously. While you build. I am not a proponent of learning first and then doing I say, learn a little bit, do a little bit, learn a little bit do a little bit, I think that's the best way to do it. Because otherwise you can go get into analysis paralysis. And so start each day. This is why I talked about discipline, self discipline, and staying consistent. And taking action is so important as a course creator and coach, I listen. As a course creator. And as a coach, you want to learn so much, because that's what you help other people do. But when it comes to marketing and sales, you got to also be a builder. So you got to sort of like, go against your natural inclination, and build while you learn when it comes to this. Because here's the thing is, is a lot of the stuff in marketing, by the time you learn it all, it's going to change. I'm sorry, that that's the bad, the worst thing you'll probably hear all day. By the time you learn it all, it's literally going to change. And so the faster you start implementing into action, the better. Because otherwise, you're literally gonna, you'll be in the never ending learning loop. And you won't be building. So you're actually going to get results by by implementing what you learn as soon as you learn it. And then learning some more as you go, because it's literally it's all gonna change. That's marketing. Why is that because human beings change, our world changes, technology is changing. Post COVID-19, the world has changed so fast. And it's never going back to the way things were before. As much as we wish I could. And so we have to catch up with that. Two, three years ago, we didn't even have tools like Jarvis and Jasper, you were having to, like teach people manually on how to do what it does in five seconds. And even then, people were really struggling to write good copy now. You don't have to struggle. It's incredible. So yeah, build while you learn. Don't wait until you learn at all. Um, yeah, Squarespace is definitely a tool that, do you need a certain kind of email to connect to it. So when you start communicating, you don't get called spam? Yeah, yeah. MailChimp is the easiest to use. It's also one of the more expensive ones. Once you start building a lot, it's really cheap in the beginning. And it gets really expensive as you grow your email list. Um, like, we have a client that's paying over 1200 a month for their email list. But they're making way more than that, right. But in the beginning, it's free for your first 2000 contacts. And even like these higher levels, so like I have, I'm paying about 50 bucks a month for mine.

[1172:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's why like, you need to bring in money, my friends. This this stuff costs money, the tools cost money. We mentioned Hopper HQ as a tool for social media management, hiring staff cost money. You know, I'm blast, my wife does graphics design. So that would have been one of the first roles I would have hired as outsourcing a graphic designer, because I'm not one next role that I would hire for would be a video editor. And maybe a PA or a VA. But you got to make money to be able to do that, right. And so that's why sales solve everything. Selling solves all your problems getting more sales comes in. And I hope by the end of this, you realize again, like I said, not high pressure sales, getting more people paying you money for your coaching and courses is so important for you. To be successful. It's so important for you to take things to the next level. Because you can do more you'll be able to impact people more, you'll be able to create a couple jobs in the roles that are kind of outside your paygrade and knowledge level that you don't listen. If you don't want to be a professional graphics designer. It's not worth it for you to learn how to that's why Canva is awesome let me take a drink water. That's what Canva is awesome. That's why tools for video editing. I didn't even talk about video editing tools like Kaplan Kaplan is incredible. It's a it's a it's a video editing app, literally an entire video editing suite online@kaplan.com and it's free. They do add a watermark though. Oh, there is no watermarks on images 16 bucks a month, monthly 24 a month for video editing. There's actually a really free a great free tool though, for video editing. It's a lot more technical to use than Kaplan. But if you're willing to learn it, this is what I actually use for all my video editing, it's totally free DaVinci Resolve the free version is literally a full and studio production gear. Like, like full level, movie level, quality video editing software. And it's free. Like there's not a gimmick to it either. So DaVinci Resolve, this is what I added all my stuff in podcasts. And it's way more technical to use them like Kaplan is but it is free. And you can export all your stuff through that. So if you're not using any video editing software, this is like you could literally build a whole business if you're a service provider, editing video with people through DaVinci and create a six figure income for yourself. Um, but yeah, DaVinci Resolve is it's my favorite. Go to Mac, Windows and Linux Video Editor for editing video totally free. Kaplan is just a million times easier to use DaVinci is a lot more technical to use. As far as ease of use, the free version lets you like learn all that you need to do literally just import your videos and use it. Another thing too, I use an app on my phone called in shot for editing a lot of video. So in shot is I think it's $9 a year or something. I use this for basically almost all of my video editing for tic tock and Instagram rails. Trim video, add clips, just speed filters. Music, you can add text all of that. And so I use in shot on my phone. It's it is free, but the paid one is worth it. It's pretty cheap. I use in shot for all my videos on my phone, it's one of the best phone video editors, it's probably the easiest video editor to use it in shot through the phone. All of this actually break down all of these tools in my social media course. over at my website. By the way, if you guys have any requests for the podcast, you know, shoot them over to me any episodes you'd love to see, I can teach for 20 minutes on just about anything. Social media content creation made easy. So yeah, I break down all the different technical tools. And I'll do that plus I give you 9000 of my own social media posts, you end up getting this spreadsheet. From my Google Drive, I actually give you a copy of a spreadsheet that has not over 9000 of my social media posts on it

[1250:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: is what it looks like. How is that different than iMovie it's pretty similar to iMovie DaVinci DaVinci is pretty similar to iMovie. If you're comfortable with iMovie iMovie, that's great. Use whatever app you're comfortable with, if you're already using a certain app, that's what I would say about apps. There's no app that's better or worse than any other really these days, they're all they do something they're all pretty good. So just choose the one that you're comfortable using. Yeah, so I give you 9000 of my social media posts right here that you can rank in sort, it's actually close to 10,000 I think this 10,000 I should upload a few more sets total of 10,000 you can sort them by like how they did how they ranked and then what you can actually do is you can take some of my posts that did really well and repost them yourself make new you know it'll it'll have links to videos all my video content, welcome video content. And then you can even have Jasper rewrite a lot of my content for you. So actually walk people through that so Jasper will actually rewrite content. Let's show you guys Jasper real quick documents. Here's an example of how we broke down how to improve communication with teens that don't listen and how to write an article for that um this is actually how I came up with the name for my program right here. Literally this is my my working document that I used in Jarvis to create an intensive a free three day intensive to help more people with their coaching programs and then that right up wrote all the copy For this so they have templates as well content improver is one of my favorites so you're able to take like this right here this is just a great post that did well generate you can use different tones of voice the power of love overcomes us all even the most stubborn and strongest among us it literally wrote all this with AI and this can create social media content for you. Love can be a pillar which stands the test of time saying you can literally keep pressing generate and it'll make more content. Love is the only way to overcome hate. I don't know if Ray Charles actually said that. It's not very good with facts. So you got to fact check it but here's a great way to do this. Give me an idea for something that you want to see me write some copy for a coaching program. What's a coaching program that you'd love to see copy? Maybe it's your coaching program? Okay

[1304:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: give me an idea in the chat. Oh, yeah, somebody asked for my website Jeremiah, Krakowski ski.com That's my website right there. Give me an idea for a coaching for helping people start their ecommerce store Perfect. Alright, that's it, that's what we're gonna use. So what I love to use is this recipe called the Idea Factory so the Facebook ad recipes they literally have the hero's journey outline recipe, right here video scripts. So these are actually scripts that you can type in that give you ideas for copy that write it for you. So you literally just copy and paste all of this to create content. Okay, but Idea Factory is what I like to use to start Okay, so we're gonna start with this so here's what we do um a coaching program to help people start their e commerce Store and business okay then we'll do an Idea Factory recipe for that okay, pasting the Create persuading copy and how to sell a coaching programs then we put this into here product name

[1327:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: their product description right here okay, so that's what it's gonna go off of. We're gonna remove the this text right here we're gonna move all this now we're gonna ask it to write some headlines for us.

[1331:33] Speaker 0: Okay

[1332:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: write some headlines from the above how to start an online business little money how to make your eCommerce store more successful five tips for starting an online store write some more headlines how to start an online business with little money okay, so this was the same so we press Undo and we'll try it again hazard I was wrong can you make money on a small budget three things to help your commerce store do well so these are different ideas right some funny headlines certain online business the laughing guide How to me okay, that did not work at all. Sometimes it doesn't work what's cool is if you're on the planet with your where you're paying for words you can have them eliminate certain words and go back and refund you they do that Hassan business listeners okay, this is better there we go even know what that means? So sometimes if it's irrelevant to what you're actually doing, I will remove that. from it. skeptical questions? Do you just hit enter? hit Control Enter on the line and this is the $100 a month level so skeptical questions. Is this a scam? What's the catch? Well this work who's this for? So that what this is doing is this is basically feeding into the mind of the target customer right here. Right a value proposition. The most comprehensive ecommerce course in the world Ultimate Guide to starting and making money in E commerce or start your own business right a clever value proposition. Now this is where the copyright and will pay you $1,000 That's pretty awesome. but that might not actually be true. So let's try another one. Turn your passion into a business Perfect. Okay, write a pass. So pick a PASS is problem agitate solution. So this writes really great copy. problem, it's hard to start an online business, you need a lot of money and technical knowledge most people give up because they think it's too hard and money to start, oh, our coaching problem will happen. Start your own e commerce Store for just $1 Literally the AI is writing all this will teach you everything that you need to know to provide resources to be successful. So literally, this create this creates your offer, and Aida, attention, interest, desire action that didn't work. Or you're looking for a way to start your own online business. Our coaching program is the most comprehensive in the world will teach you everything you need to know to provide all the resources you need to be successful. By the way, it also lets you put keywords in here, and tone of voice. And if you have the SEO add on, which is surfer SEO, it'll actually show you how to rank organically with the right words as well for search terms, which is super cool. Right a feature benefit Okay, so a feature benefit is the features and benefits people get most people know. You'll learn everything you need to know about starting an e commerce Store, we'll provide you all the resources Turn your passion into a business perfect. I'll just remove those words describe the emotions a customer feels after buying. When a customer buys us they feel confident and excited for their future. Write a fictional story about a customer using this. Alright, perfect. Peggy first heard about the program. So right here, this is a whole bunch of like content based off of that one idea of an ecommerce store. So now what we'll do is write the perfect headline for a course that does the above most comprehensive e commerce course in the world turn your passion into a business Okay, let's try this write the name for for an online coaching program from the above this might not work we'll see. The commerce store and business coaching program. So you might have to toss around a few ideas with that. Sometimes you can pull certain words through this, like the passionate ecommerce business are passionate. Like whatever your target customer, that's why the who matters. And so the name of your program really fits into the who this is more about the what so we haven't really dealt with the who, what are they selling? You know? Is it ecommerce for coffee? Is it e commerce for refrigerators? Things like that. Let's try this, right a Facebook ad for the above. So it's not 100% Perfect, but it sure gets you there really quick. Okay, right. Thumbs after remove certain lines. Okay. So because it's doing that, what I will actually do is remove all of these headlines

[1412:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: and have it just pull it from the problem agitate solution Interest, Desire action, and then create a Facebook ad. Okay, turn your passion into a thriving. So that's a Facebook headline. Let's actually copy this into the Facebook ad recipe they have. Yeah, so this already this already did that. Okay, yeah. So convert into a Facebook ad. That's how that's the command that you want to use. This is actually the creator of the app. So he created these with the exact commands that you want to give it.

[1425:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's hard to start an online business, you need a lot of money. Most people give up, our coaching program will help you we teach everything. There you go. That's a good start for a Facebook ad right there. And then write it write an ad headline off of that. So now what you want to massage it and play with it and do different stuff like that. become an entrepreneur with our coaching program, start your E commerce business, or $1. Boom. So that's how we use Jasper. You can also use it for again, social media content, different things like that. Lots of different use cases, as well. All right. So those of you again, if you've been watching on here, that's how we use that for that type of stuff. Is there any? Is there any other questions about what we talked about today about the process, about the messaging about the WHO about selling more of your online courses, any hesitations? Any things? Anything? Maybe that triggered in you. Anything that's holding you back from doing this and implementing it? Post some of that in the comment in the in the questions as well. I've been looking, oh, you're not sure why it went to spam? Got it? See? Well, we're we're only about half way through the q&a. So there's no other questions that come in. I'm here for you for the next 30 minutes. So ask away. Otherwise, we'll end it here. I don't need any here. But if there's any questions, we can't. Here's the thing that I'll leave you with is that you have to get more customers to have a business. And so like, you don't have a business without customers, you don't have a business without enrollments, you don't have a business without people paying you money. You have a very time consuming hobby and an idea that may one day become a business. So remember that. So you have to learn how to sell how to find how to attract how to communicate, how to talk to people, how to reach people. A couple of my favorite books on this topic. Two of my favorite books, really, that will help you a lot is on Amazon. I mentioned these last time, never split the difference by Chris Voss. He's an FBI hostage negotiator. And that's really teaches you how to negotiate and how to communicate better. And really, you're not looking for a yes. from everybody. Yeah, you're actually looking for a no. From prospects? You're actually looking for people to say no to you more often than Yes. Law, a lot of people are looking for people to say yes, I want to buy from you. I'll answer some of the questions in a second once I finish this, but he posted some questions in there if you got some. Um, but I will get to those questions. You don't want somebody to say yes, I'll buy it, you actually want to get to there No, and understand what their know is. And you want to qualify people if they are the right customer or not. And so this book goes all into that. It's an incredible book on that topic. Now, remember, I mentioned I am very anti high pressure sales. The next book that I show, you may surprise you. It's not a high pressure sales book, I promise you that. And the person who wrote it is a very interesting character that I don't endorse his lifestyle or a lot of that, but his training on sales, I've listened to this book six times. It's one of the best books on the planet earth, for selling and just getting better at how you communicate, to sell people. It's called The Way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort straight line selling the art of persuasion, influence and success. It's one of the single greatest sales books on the planet. Basically, this is what it says this used to be a $2,000 online training program that he sold this whole book right here. And now it's a book that you can literally get if you have an audible subscription for free. It is the single greatest like I've taken so many sales courses. And this is the greatest sales course out there. So yes, I'm not endorsing some of his lifestyle choices.

[1503:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: But when it comes to becoming a master at no pressure sales, that's what he's all about. This book is the single greatest book on that topic for anybody out there. Seriously, um you know, another one, maybe a close second to check out his seller be sold by Grant Cardone, again, a lot of these sales guys, they got that personality, you don't have to have their personality or live like they do for it to have an impact on your life. So what I do is I listen to the good stuff, and I get rid of the stuff that I don't agree with. But 95% of what's in this is it'll blow your mind and it'll make you a much better salesperson. Essentially, your goal with selling is and I'm going to go over this tomorrow is you're building trust with your target customer. So you start with the who. And your goal is, you want them to trust that you will do what you promised to do. And you don't want to lie about it either. You want to use integrity. You don't want to be a fraud. But you want to build trust where people believe that when they buy from you, they're going to get the result and transformation that you say. And so this book talks about how you build that trust with people. Everything that I do in my business is based around that system. And so I highly recommend it the way of the wolf, straight line selling incredible book, when it comes to just getting better at being somebody who sells and how to do so without high pressure. I'm not, I'm not into high pressure sales. And literally the first chapter the book is like, you might be surprised. This isn't a book about high pressure sales. The opposite is it's not. It's about how to build trust with people, and how to lead them to buy what you want. And do so without manipulation. do so without intimidation, coercion, talking people into it. There's nothing about talking people into stuff that they don't want to do in their the quote from the book as if there are no, you don't even want to waste your time on a no, you only want to talk to people that are maybe and are thinking about it, to help them think about it and make the decision. Whether it be a yes or no. And you want to help people get to a know as well. And that's part of selling you want people to say no, it's not for me. But when you attract the right customer, they basically pre qualified themselves was what I showed you today. They basically pre qualified themselves and said yes, I am exactly the person who's looking for what you're selling. So great book, those two books. Never split the difference in the way of the wolf and then third Celebi sold Grant Cardone. All right. Let's see some other questions here. I want to create a course for our tea business as well. Any thoughts? Yes. So So courses in my irresistible offers that sell course actually talks about this for network marketers direct sales, ecommerce, and how you can actually create a course or a free program to lead people to buy other products from you, such as a tea business, basically, you figure out who's gonna buy tea, it's who first you build offers around who that person is, their lifestyle, what they want. And that facilitates the conversation to where through email, through your videos, through marketing through retargeting, you're able to show them what you offer, ie your T, but you use these other different things, courses and offers and social media content to attract that person. Okay, and then you build trust and rapport with them, and get them to buy whatever it is that you're selling. Can you talk about email campaigns and subscriptions? I'm not sure what you mean by subscriptions.

[1569:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like the tools for helping keep things simple and enable me to focus on creating content. Yes, absolutely. I'm not sure what you mean by subscriptions, but campaigns. So when it comes to email, email, I view as an extension to the conversation that you have with people. I don't particularly have a course on email, I'm going to probably dive into I would say later, in the next couple of months, I'm gonna start making more content on my podcast. And I'll probably be making a course on email by the summertime. That will help you guys but let me sum this up. Anything that I've shared about email, I go into email in my irresistible offers course, okay. But email is sort of an extension of your social media. It's a private conversation that you're having with somebody that you're usually found on social media. So think about like when you're talking privately with somebody, how you communicate with those people, the way you write email is the same way that you would write to anybody that you meet, whether it be a contact in business, whether it be a client. And so you you talk like a normal person, you don't talk like you're talking to a list of people, you use normal human language, people who subscribe to your emails. Got it. Okay, so what you do is your offer, remember, we talked about, you find your target customer, you create offers. So for me, I have people give me their email address for a free class that I have for a free course for a free ebook. And then they go on my email list. And by the way, I love when people unsubscribe if they're not my target customer, so sometimes I try to facilitate unsubscribes you'll notice once a month or so I'll make a joke about unsubscribing if you don't like this, because it helps me To clean up my email list, it's actually better if people unsubscribe that aren't engaging with you, then stay on your list. So don't be afraid to lose people says, But all that money on those people, about 50% of the seven, really probably 75% of the leads that you generate are going to unsubscribe at some point. But the 25, who stay, they're going to be your most loyal customers. And so it's really about sifting through that. And so your offers that you create. We're going to go into that more tomorrow about the offer and about building trust. And some of that today was like, you notice there's like so much content for me to cover. That's why I have the podcasts I have my courses because it's I'm giving you the foundational key information that you need. Tomorrow, we'll go more into some of the offer stuff. So you create an offer to capture their email address, you create an offer. So what is an offer, let's break this down just from my offer. Here, a killer offer does five things, it grabs the attention of the target customer, it tells the story of their future experience, you're selling the vacation, it presents it in a way that makes sense. It creates buy in for what you're selling even before you've sold it. And that leads to convert to a sale. Now right around here. It creates buy in, this is where you capture their email address. And so that's what I have, like, like for things like this is I have to scroll down right here. Three day intensive email address, people give me their email, see. Okay. And so that's how you capture email is, this is just a, this is just a an app in Squarespace that connects to MailChimp. That's it. And so, my irresistible offers course, the website building course, and my social media ads course, show you how to set up all the conversions and stuff around that. So that's how we capture it as we create offers. That's how you get people on your email list. And that email list is the best asset that you can use in your business. It's the number one asset that you can have, because it's the only thing that you own. If you don't have an email list, you don't own your Facebook page, you don't own your Instagram. So what you want to do is you want to move people off the platform, I hear a lot of people, they're like, you know, my topic. If it's sex related, you know, you can't run ads that are sex related. If it's

[1644:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: network marketing related, you can't run ads that are network marketing related. If it's health related, it's very hard to run stuff for that. Once somebody is on your email list, you can literally talk about anything you want. Once they're on your website or your blog, you can literally talk about anything you want. So your goal is you build trust with people, and then you lead them to these different places where you can connect with your message. Like I can literally talk about anything on this video. And in this thing right here, all that they restrict with ads is what's on the landing page and that you capture. And so that's why it's very The important part about it is Who not what, and creating your offers around that person leaving who first and building trust and relationship with those people who sign up building a connection with those people. Okay. And then what do you do as far as campaigns? How do you email people? So me, I split it into two categories. One, a campaign is usually pretty short. I'll run ads for about 14 days for something like this. And then you'll notice the emails that I've sent, you are telling you to go to the Facebook group to log in how to access the content, reminding you about it. And to be honest, a ton of people who signed up for it still didn't do it. That's why I send that and a few people trickle in because email is is fickle. Email is finicky. It's going to go to the spam folder, right? It's gonna it's gonna not land with everybody. It's just not possible to. That's part of it. It's why volume is important. Getting a lot of people through the funnel. Then I that's what the campaign is. So I send that out. And then if I'm selling something at the end, I will have a series of emails that go out at the end of a campaign about what I'm offering for sale. And usually there's a deadline on that of when people need to sign up. Right. And so, that's how you run a short campaign. The rest of them. It's really Like, what's the message that I want to send to my whole list of people? So I imagine this whole list of people is my target customer, what would I most want them to hear from me. And I'll usually send out articles that I know is going to impact most of them. podcast episodes, new courses that I have out, things like that. And those are broadcasts that I send to people. So that's how I use email and we use MailChimp for all of that. Another another great platform is active campaign. So after the Active Campaign in MailChimp are the two or is Caleo? Is that one of them? Kylo No, that's not it. Chi, Chi something? Anyways, MailChimp is one that I use? Um, and so no, how do you set up the back end you set up through Office and then use Gmail, so you have to have an email address of some kind associated with your domain name. And so you can set that up at GoDaddy, wherever you bought your domain name, if you bought it through Squarespace, you can set up an email account through their Clavijo that's it. Clavijo. So Klaviyo, MailChimp and Active Campaign are probably the three top email systems that are out there. I know a lot of people like Klaviyo for like, it's different reporting tools and things. And it has SMS as well, which is cool. Um, but so yeah, so you have to set up an email address you what we use for email addresses, we use G Suite. As you can, you can set up an email address through G Suite, Google workplace. And so that's how I have Hello at Jeremiah krakowski.com. And so that's the email address that I send everything from and then it all goes to my inbox for customer service. Or you could use support at something like that. And usually send that email out. There's an advanced technique, we can have an email subdomain. If you're getting hit with the spam filter a lot, I might actually started implementing that soon, is going to like mail dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, and helps it go through some of the spam filters as well as setting up your SPF records. If you don't know how to do that, you probably hire somebody off Upwork or look up a video on YouTube. But it's not required for you to do all those technical things, again, to sudden email out, literally a MailChimp account, and then you just associate it with who you want to send the email from. is the easiest way to do it. Do courses about mental and spiritual health sell? Absolutely.

[1723:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are they credible from someone without a PhD? Absolutely. You don't want to pretend like you're a doctor. You don't want to pretend like you're but that's the problem that people have, right. So you can say, you know, I'm not a licensed therapist, counselor, these are my experiences that I'm sharing, and you want to preface it with that they don't want to pretend like you're practicing medicine. If that's a that's an issue for you, you may want to consider getting your license, at least as a licensed therapist. You don't need a PhD for that, though. If anything, just a therapy. And counseling license might be good. But I don't think you need a PhD for that. But those do sell really well. For me, a lot of the people that I meet on social media, they have a lot of mental health issues. So I refer everybody to this platform better help calm. I meet with a lady on here once a week, and we talk about stuff. And he triggers that I'm dealing with one of the coolest platforms, licensed therapists that are on here. Because I'm not licensed in that, and I'm not building my business on mental health. But I talk about it because a lot of the people that I follow deal with some of that. But if that is your business specifically, you may consider getting licensed but you don't need to be to market to build programs to help people to serve people talk about again, the one it's more like medical stuff. Sometimes we talk about like this, the symptoms. There's different rules on that. I also am not an FTC attorney. So I can't give you legal advice on this. So keep that in mind the Federal Trade Commission and the rules and all that are some that I don't know. So, so yes and no, you do have to be careful. Put it that way. But you but you can to a degree you can help people and be a resource and connect with people that have those issues. Alright, anything else? Any other questions that came in Email is your number one asset. Absolutely. We'll be going over this again, awesome. Well remember, the recordings do come down February 9, so I'm removing the recordings to all of these on February 9, they will no longer be up. So if you haven't gone through this one and the last one, be sure to do that. What about health product? Do you target an age range. So here's, here's another thing, I hadn't even talked about this. This is one reason why the mental health space is a little bit challenging to get into, because a lot of people don't have a lot of money that they want to invest. If your market doesn't have money to sell, you're not going to make a lot of to buy stuff, you're not gonna make a lot of money. So like, dealing with a market that doesn't have money, if you go too young, they don't have money to buy stuff, you're going to be trying to put a lot of stuff out there to people that are actually going to buy from you. So you actually want to market to people that have money to spend, your market actually has to have money to spend, which is why I've landed on you know, the best market for me is course creators and coaches. Because A, that's where I've gotten the most results for in the seven and eight figure range. And I can literally help anybody on that trajectory. With tons of case studies, we helped hundreds of people through my mom's business as well. Through this. Um, so for you, you want your market to have money to spend? Is there an age range? Think about the most common user again? Who first Deborah your health product? Who is going to use this an actual human being? What age are they? What is the most common age? What's the most common age that's gonna buy it through a Facebook ad? You can answer that for yourself. I don't know what your health product is. So I mean, it's like there's a million health products out there. I've been holding in and seeing you who has been buying tea? Yeah, I have been drinking a lot of tea.

[1798:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm just kind of think about who is who is going to buy your health product. Who is going to most likely spend money consistently with you for that health product that you sell? That would be who your target. So without knowing what the product is and who that person is, it's, it's hard to, to figure that out. But yes, we do do some age group stuff. I targeted anybody over the age of 23 with my stuff. Because honestly, I don't think you can really effectively coach, I might even go to 26. I don't think you can effectively coach anybody under the age of 23.

[1812:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And probably won't invest a lot of money into it because you're just getting started. Sorry, not a complete comment. We haven't actually spent marketing dollars yet. So it helps to see who is buying already. Oh, yeah, definitely. For sure. People who want to stay healthy. So you actually want to find people who are not healthy. Figure out the main health issues that they have the main symptoms, their age. Who do they listen to? What TV shows do they watch? What magazines do they read? What products are they already buying? What are their habits and learn those and then you start talking to those issues. And you start making those part of your copy. Alright. Okay, let's see. Anybody else? Any other questions? We're at the top of the hour here. Any other last minute ditch questions before we go? If not, tomorrow is our last day. Day three. It is going to be power packed. You don't want to miss it. Make sure that you're here one o'clock 1pm Central time is when we start then the q&a follows. And then we will go from there. All right. Have a great one. Everybody. super blessed to have you here.

