Email Marketing Lesson 1
Date: 2022-12-02T06:10:28.000Z
Duration: 39 min
Otter ID: uborZE3L97o3NfR28ROuLnLZqqw
---

[0:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, welcome, everybody that email marketing the fun way, here's the thing, a lot of people have been asking me for years to do email marketing. I've done email marketing that has made 10s of millions of dollars. Over the years, I ran all the email from my mom, Rick Pitino, and wrote every single marketing email for my mom from 2000. And I think it was 15. All the way up to 2018. And that I did all the email for Rick Pino, his marketing emails for 2018 until 2022, I also did all the email marketing for college. I did all their college enrollment and daily emails that go out. And I do all my email marketing. And so I'm going to walk you through how I have developed that skill, and how you can get better at it and make it fun. And the first thing that I want you to think about is that email is just another platform. Okay. So like, you got, you got Facebook as a platform, you might have YouTube as a platform. You might have Instagram as a platform. And so email is a platform just as much as your your blog just as much as Tik Tok is it's a it's a platform, and it's a very social platform, they move this microphone over here, so you can hear my audio just a little bit better. So it's a platform just like all of these. And so with each platform, you have to honor the format that actually works best on the format. And obviously, email is just the written word. It's probably the closest in relation to your website and your blog. And part of the reason why is because email popped up at the exact same time as websites, and you would get on email lists, and you would get sent stuff that would then take you to a website. So an email is sort of like an extensional website, the only way somebody gets on your email list is they sign up through your website. So they're essentially saying that they want to join your website, they want to join your website subscription. Okay, when they join your email list, growing your email list is the number one thing that you need to do as a coach, trainer, or mentor. And the reason why is this is when you get somebody on your email list it can take

[53:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: 71234567 to 10. Here's nine, here's 10. ran out of space there. But it can take seven to 10 interactions with somebody meaning it'll take them receiving up to 10 emails from you, before they even sign up with something before they even register for something before they even join something that you're doing. And you guys are getting bent out of shape because they're not buying off of one email. You need to be emailing your audience at least one time, per day minimum. And you need to not worry about people unsubscribing.

[70:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So if you're running paid ads, and you're getting people onto your email list, it could cost you up to $20 per email. And you may have 30% of those people leave in a campaign that cost us $6,000 We can have $2,000 worth of our emails unsubscribe, because we're emailing them once per day. Would it be better for me to email less to have less unsubscribes? No, it wouldn't. In fact, that is the fastest way to go broke. Because the amount of money that you're actually going to make by emailing your list once per day is exponentially greater than the loss of people unsubscribed. back. And so and sometimes we'll even email two to three times per day when we have a certain promotion going on. We're not afraid to do that. And the most successful marketers out there, use this framework right here. We've been doing this for years. Your email is about you making a connection with a stranger on the internet, who signed up with you, but you want it to sound like and to come across, like a personal connection, where most people get messed up as they're trying to sound good, look good, be persuasive make people like them. Email is a platform, where just like anything else, storytelling is important. And so what you want to do is you want to build connection with your email list by bringing value to your list. And so value can be in the format of blog posts, articles, podcasts, free events that you're doing YouTube videos, content that they can consume, that will lead them to whatever it is you have for sale. So when people are on your email list, you're not necessarily always selling to them all the time, but you're sending them each different offer you're doing so somebody could sign up for your first offer here, which is on one topic. And as you hone in, they might actually sign up on your fourth offer that you send them and become a client on the fifth offer. And so that's why when somebody first comes in on your email list, and they don't buy from you, that's not a loss at all, because you're compounding over time, getting people on the list and sending them more emails. And then they end up signing up for what you're doing over time as you build trust with them. It's a trust building exercise. And so if you're a fly by night operation, or at least that's what you're going to appear to people when you don't show up, when you can't show up and you can't email them every single day, you're going to look like somebody who is here one day and gone tomorrow, because you got no backbone and you there's no reason anybody can trust you. And listen, I realized none of you want that to be how people will see you. And so yet, that will be how you will be perceived if you don't email people once per day, by by those that are most likely to become your customer. And this is part of our process of repelling the wrong people and attracting the right ones. Because we really want to get people off of our email list as quickly as possible. I frequently go through and remove people who haven't opened any of our emails for the last 12 months. Because they got no place being on my email list. They're not even opening what I'm sending. And yes, there have been some changes with iOS 14 And the way that it tracks opens and stuff like that. But for the majority, if you're using a platform like MailChimp, it's pretty reliable still as to how you can do that. Now we use jasper.ai. Again, for everything and including writing emails. And one of our favorite ways of using it to write emails is we will actually take a recording of a session of some kind. And we will dump this into Jasper and run it through what we call summarize to PHAs. So summarize the pa s as a as a strategical logical approach to basically pull the main problems and solutions out of the content, which then turn into emails that direct people to what we're trying to sell or offer them. So for instance, you could do a command and Jasper like write a cold email based on the above. Hope you're doing well wanted to reach out ask for advice on a personal matter. I've been following the stock market lately it's been pretty I've been pretty interested in investing. So actually, that's the wrong perspective. So we want to do right a cold email from the first person perspective as a mentor who is bringing a potential client if you're looking for a good investment options, you should definitely check out our podcast we have several stocks and options. So here's how I would do this is I would like reword this line. What I like to do with Jasper's email writing is I will actually rewrite certain lines that it creates in a way that sounds more like me.

[156:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're looking to make money with your investments, I want to help you. I want to show you the best way to make monthly cash flow in your business, in your in your not your business, your stock market portfolio. Okay. I'll usually put the tone of voice here to Sandy Krakowski. And then I'll see what it composes after that.

[165:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: problem, we want to make money in stock market, we don't know how truth is many people write me and say they want to make money in the stock market, but struggle to know how to even start

[171:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: it can be tough to navigate the stock market with so many options, it's easy to get overwhelmed and confused. When usually I'll do this, I'll remove whatever's from the top there, I'll press compose again. That's why I created the monthly stock market workshop. Yep. So then we would do, this is why I created whatever program is the stock. So I created my wealth wisdom bootcamp. This free workshop will help you develop a plan, pretty steady cash flow. Currently, she's using her her other programs, we're going to put the stock investment Academy. So I created the stock investment Academy. It's on sale right now for just $693 a year. So I'm taking the information that Jasper is feeding me. And I'm rewriting it in a way that actually sort of fits into an email. And then I might want to expand on certain topics, if you're looking to make money in investments, I want to help you.

[191:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: So many people think that they need a ton of money in order to invest in stocks. So what I just did, there was I thought about this line, I like in my mind, thought about it. And I thought about if I was writing this to a friend, what's another topic that I can segue off of, in this to make this a bigger story.

[201:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: But this is so far from the truth. It's not even funny. You can you can get started trading stocks with as little as $100 a day. Or for as little as $100. So what I did there was I finished this thought process. And now we're going back into this line right here that we wrote up. Truth is many people write me and say they want to make money in the stock market, we struggle even know where to start, we tough to navigate. So many options, it's easy to get overwhelmed and confused. And so what I'm doing is now I'm going to unpack that line, again, I'm going to unpack what I just wrote here, it's easy to get overwhelmed and confused.

[215:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: was so much bad information out there. And people who don't have your best interests in mind. I would not recommend you sign up for other people's trainings on the on the stock market. I'm not saying that we are the only one. But I am saying I haven't seen anyone do what we are doing ever in the history of the stock market. So that's where we're kind of tooting our own horn. So again, I came up with that just by thinking about the story that I'm wanting to tell this prospect that's why I created my stuff style. I want to be the best resource that exists around information for beginners to make real money, trading stocks for their family. It's on sale right now for just $693 a year. We meet lot and I'm describing what it is. And I'm telling the story and I'm painting the picture of it. We meet live every day to go over the market. and to collaborate on what stocks are the best. So oftentimes, when I'm writing, I'm getting a picture in my mind of the words that I'm wanting to say. And in that mental picture. So I thought of collaborate, I want multiple people, I'll use certain creative language to do that. I'm not worried about grammar. By the way, I'm not worried about spelling, I'm just telling the story. I'm just flowing. And so getting into a flow state is a very important part of email marketing. Because you actually have to stop thinking so hard, you actually have to leave your thinking mind. And almost imagine you have you ever said on the phone with a friend, you're set on the telephone. Or if you ever just typed up a message to a friend, and you didn't even think about what you were saying, it's because you weren't concerned about how they were going to receive you and you weren't trying to make them perceive you in any way. You weren't attached to the outcome so much, you trusted that no matter what you sent out that it was going to be fine for you to send this person and weren't second guessing yourself. And then we come into writing email marketing, and we started second guessing ourselves. And we started thinking that it needs to be more than just a conversation that you would send to an individual friend. So you want to write your emails as individualized emails, as individual messages to one specific person. Not a whole group of people. One specific person, okay. Yeah. So you're writing to this one specific person about a topic that you're then going to lead them to some kind of an offer, on the other side of it. Okay. An example of this that I did today, to one of my lists was this email, and I got a ton of people registering for my training, we're giving away three exclusive million dollar Facebook ads trainings for free. Here's what I'm giving away what to actually say in your videos have not lose money, what platforms to use, get instant access by registering for this event this Saturday, and I send them a link to go actually register with their email address. Even if they're already on my email list. Even if they're already on my list, I'm still having them register with an email address, to go on another list to then get into the nurture sequence of how we connect with people that we're trying to reach. Okay. So that, my friends is, is the simplest way that I know to explain how we write emails, what's the purpose of emails, one of the best things that you can do that's going to actually help you get better at writing emails is develop and build up a swipe file. Okay. So a swipe file is an email account that you have that is specifically made to receive spam and to receive marketing emails, so like, I have an account that I can log into. that receives spam. It receives these messages from people because I'm on I'm on a specific email list to where they can reach me there. So I've subscribed to all of these different marketing emails. And I'm getting all of these and so I'm able to click on one at any given time any day of the week. And look at what are people writing in their emails? Look at this, I literally have an archive of some of the the greatest emails ever written 10s of 1000s of them in my email inbox, that I can that I can look at that I can read that I can see how they're writing, I can see which ones really stand out well how they're how they're connecting with people. BlackBerry Friday special This is your last chance to get the best deal ever all access. And so if you're wondering what to actually say in your emails and you want A look at and funnel hack some great funnels, get on to other people's email lists, because then you're able to click through their different offers, and see what they're particularly offering people for what prices so you can explore and look at what the actual prices of other people's offers are more than just what they're marketing in their ads. Okay. And so you want to actually get on some email lists, to be able to check out what are some of the different offers and landing pages that people have? How are people leading people? How are they leading them to actually register and sign up for this stuff. Okay. And so you want to get on other people's email, this right here is a as a document that he's sending out, you can look at other people's offers, you can look at what they're sending out. And so you want to actually see the specific materials that they're that they're actually sending out to people that they're actually sending to reach people. Okay. This is actually like a really good offer. For my target, customer list. I'm looking at this and I'm like, Hmm, what could I swipe from this for my next email, or for my next offer, I'm taking a look at this landing page. And I'm thinking there's some language on here, there's some copy on here that I now need to add to a swipe file because it fits what we're doing. So I'll go over here to Evernote and then I'll dump this in here into Evernote.

[352:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll dump it into a into a brand new note

[354:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: some great copyright there. I'll put this into my swipe file note. And so I have that to come up with offer copy for my offer. I can go to the Jasper community and I can I can run the the recipe that we've been using. And then I can actually take a look at going even deeper into the copy. Have Jasper come up with more headlines based off of like what what the copy is that's been generated. Create an offer that resonates are afraid of the amount of work it takes. And some people may be afraid of raising their prices. Yep.

[370:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sounds about right, how to craft a coaching offer that resonates with your clients the fear of raising prices. So these are really the biggest issues that people struggle with. And so you're able to take this write this out

[375:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then convert the above to an email. I'm going to make this foolproof if you do the bare minimum, only going through the motions. Promise your offer will be worth at least 2k by the end

[381:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want you to start with the bare minimum necessary information. We get clients with paid advertising. We've made over $160,000 this month in our coaching business. See, so I'm still I'm rewriting some of these lines. Join our five day challenge and we'll show you how to craft a perfect coaching offer that resonates with your clients. You'll also overcome the fear of raising your prices. Make sure your offer stands out above the rest. Okay, so that can be copy now that I can use in my email on my offer that I'm going to might send people for a five day challenge. And I was able to take an existing offer that somebody wrote us Jasper to rewrite it. So there's so many different ways to do this. But one of the biggest keys comes from building up that swipe file, building up that file I'll then I might take this email and then we might combine the two. So for instance, I'll take this one I'll take his other email, but we're not going to combine the two right a cold email based on the above

[408:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's actually starting to look pretty good

[410:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: is you know even some copy like that

[413:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, that's a pretty decent email right there, just written up by copying and pasting parts of the landing page and part of another email. That is a completely different topic. But Jasper is helping us write it up in a way that actually makes sense to what we're trying to do to what we're trying to reach. And so now I might put some details about my business in here. My clients don't want to spend time all day on direct message they are techie they want something simple would actually pull this up right here just off my page

[429:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll throw this in there and then we'll do write a cold email based on the above. So we're able to filter through a number of different messaging to start to write this email I'm excited to tell you about our five day challenge Okay, so it's it's it's definitely strong on that front I'm gonna put the stars right here right a cold email based on the above

[440:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so now this is where I would block this off

[448:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: day then I might go into the paragraph generator sometimes this one can be a little bit slow I like to use my mom's name has a ton of voice because it comes across really good. She's funny because most of it's actually my own writings when it's a mom's name from what I was reading for her

[467:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, ready to cold email based on the above. So we're able to feed more of it in there by going into the paragraph generator

[473:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I could send this email out right now

[477:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so then this is my offer right here.

[479:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Compose

[482:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's cool Joshua Giles did over deliver 140k With this info or Pino did a million dollars a month with this info we spent 160k This month you can easily make six or seven seven figures with these systems no problem can help you okay

[497:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me interrupt you for a second there we go

[502:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: now what I'll do is I'll go into MailChimp. And I will schedule that email for my morning to go to my list. Because I'm not concerned if that email is going to land or not, it was it's it sounded, it felt really good I was in the flow, I got it going. And I utilize some of the texts from an email that I got to my swipe file and we combine those together into what I think is a great email that we came up with. So by you becoming a student of email marketing, you're truly able to be original in your emails without fearing if it's going to connect with people. And really start to see the results of sending out consistent emails, emailing your audience consistently connecting them to the storytelling of what you're doing. How to get ready to buy clients with paid advertising, there we go.

[520:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we'll send it to everybody. There we go. Design email. There it is. So now I want to go into Mailchimp here I'm gonna create a new campaign around this

[528:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is why I say you need to be flippant and reckless when it comes to your marketing because that's what I just was. And I'm I can promise you this email is gonna land well, why? Because when I write emails that way, where I'm just more flippant, and I'm just not trying to really care too much what anybody thinks about me, I'm just having fun on the platform just kind of being myself

[536:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: it works. Works big time. So here's the there's the email right there. And the reason why this is so fun. The reason why I say the fun way on this is because a it can become a strain on you if you're not careful to be able to write emails. But when you when you become a student of emails and you have a swipe file, you just make a Gmail account. Literally any of you can go and go to gmail.com and click down and click Add another account, and then click on create account right here. And you can make one for free. That becomes your swipe file email that you sign up for different things, just to store the marketing in your swipe file. Just to have those emails, go into your swipe file, you're gonna get on a list, you're gonna get on everybody's lists, and you're gonna have all of these emails out there so that you can study those and get used to the cadence of how other people send email out. Okay, so I'm gonna send this one out tomorrow morning or actually today. It's a it's almost today. It's 1130. I'm about to go to bed after this. So I scheduled that email out in the morning and it's something that really is going to successfully I believe, grab the right people Get them to stop and say, hmm, maybe there's something to this, maybe I should check it out, instead of overlooking it, maybe they've seen the ads. And maybe they've seen four of my other emails about the same topic, but this one resonates with them much better than the rest. And they will sign up for my event. And then eventually, they will join my free training and become a, a paid client. In our business, eventually, and, and I and I have to be detached from them actually becoming a paid client, once you dial in your copy, and that copywriting mastery course will help you do that. You can trust that when you're running email that you're connecting and using language that is actually connecting with your target customer, and going to get results. Okay? So listen, Jasper, MailChimp, and just a good old swipe file is literally all you need. If you want to turn your own recordings into a transcript, you can use otter.ai, it's ott er.ai. And then we run that through Jasper and we're able to pull out of it, different language and points. And then that applies to the actual offers that we run on our website, the actual offers that we build out for what people are actually signing up for. That language is crafted with Jasper coming together and pulling out the key aspects of what people actually want by using that, okay. And so this is just the beginning of this course, email marketing the fun way, I'm excited to hear your questions and what your you're thinking, as you watch this, and and you got to start emailing your audience, you got to start emailing people, you got to start growing your list, making new offers using irresistible offers that sell and the virtual event playbook, start running virtual events where you get people in the door to your virtual event, they're signing up and you're able to then sell to those people, what it is that you're offering. And if you do that, consistently, you will grow your business, to 20 to 40 to 60 to $160,000 a month, as a coach consistently. And it's it hinges a lot on email marketing, consistently. Okay, we do not use a lot of broken apart lists and segmentation, we mostly only do two things. If we're running a campaign, that's for a short period of time, we email that campaign list, their update emails telling them that there's an email that they're that they're going to log into a Facebook group that where the Zoom link is going to be and delivering them the information they actually sign up for. And then we send everything else in a bucket list to everybody we just have a broadcast list that we send it out to and then that broadcast list leads people to different offers and then they get offered sales and and promotions and what we have for sale through that list that way. Okay. So listen, if you're, if you're somebody that's trying to do this, it starts by you just starting to write emails, not overthinking it you got to break out of the brain head game. And that is going to give you the most leverage when it comes to creating emails the fun way

