LIVE TRAINING: Client Growth Accelerator
Date: 2022-10-10T17:45:04.000Z
Duration: 77 min
Otter ID: gUR6GAiqaJtEKY_p5g7JsNj3RIQ
---

[1:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: All righty jumped in live here, everybody. Hey, hey, hey. We're gonna go live in the Facebook group. Gonna go live right here. I'm gonna copy the the invite link join us live here share in the client growth. All right, let's let everyone in. Let everybody in. Okay. Welcome, welcome. Welcome, everybody, welcome. So excited to be here. So excited to be talking with everybody today. We're gonna come in here, we're going live in the group right now or letting everybody in. Um, so something that I've been thinking about, and today's are kind of our training day, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take some q&a, I'm probably going to train for maybe like a little bit. Since I'm doing like two courses as well, y'all are getting a lot of training from the hat as well. And so we can even make this time more q&a Focus. Now, since we have the additional courses, there's a lot of training. But just a few thoughts I wanted to share while we go into this, and then I'll go into questions that you guys have is the people who are in this group, there's a wide range of people that are at different stages in their business. I feel like though most everybody who's at least in here, who's active, who's watching this content, has their niche figured out, they haven't figured out as to like what they want to focus on. They want to dial in their business, and so they're working on their sales copy, they're working on their their messaging, and then creating that offer to put it out there to attract those leads and get those customers. Um, something that I've identified that

[35:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think stops us in this, in this process is thinking that if I put my offer out there, and a it connects with the wrong people, I wasted time b If I connect with the right people now what if I can't deliver to them? What I promised, and or see, you know, if I deliver them what I promised, what do I deliver to them next, and we end up processing through the unknown of something that we've never actually done yet. And it stops us from doing what we know to do. Right now, writing your copy coming up with your offer, if you if you are still figuring out your niche, it's coming up with that it's using the tools that we've talked about, answer the public Amazon books, hopping on these calls, posting some of your niche ideas in the group, sharing some of the ideas for your copy and working through that as a community together. But the biggest thing is, is that the other thing that I've noticed is that people don't want to lose their investment. They don't want to have sunken costs, this sunken cost fallacy of wanting to make sure and it's before they sink any costs. And that I need to make sure that I haven't wasted any time or money. And that I get my result out of this. That belief can come from this feeling like in our marketing, that our job is to make sure that the right people are doing what they should and that we can make them do what they should, and that that we're gonna make them buy from us that we're going to make them join our group, then once they join, we need to make them produce results. And again, this is is tied to it's 100%. Related to mindset. It's not related to strategy. It's not related to being a good coach or a bad coach. I think the I think you'd become a better coach by coaching people. But you stop yourself from ever entering into a coaching relationship by being afraid of failing people, by being afraid of not delivering excellence by being afraid of not doing well at what you're doing. And we stop ourselves from even putting our offer out there because we want to make sure that it produces the perfect end result. Once you put your offer out there, it takes a sort of hands off approach and you become an observer. And this is one of the most important things that if you can learn this, that when you put your offer out there and then you just accept what happens and you go at it. Expect Trying to produce a good result, you just always automatically expect it to produce a good result, then you analyze the data afterwards. So for instance, this last offer that I put out, we didn't produce the results that I was hoping for my leads were a little bit higher of a cost, the people who actually went through it got a lot out of it. And the ones who signed up for my next training, were highly qualified people. So I'm literally testing out some different forms and messaging, it might have cost me four times as much per lead. But if those leads were more qualified, it actually ended up costing me less. So I'm still evaluating that data. Could I have shut off the campaign because the cost was higher, and then said all was failing, and now I don't do anything. That's what I used to do. That's what I used to struggle with is I wouldn't I would not accept anything less than perfection, I wouldn't accept anything less than things going my way, and how I wanted them to go in marketing. And as soon as I learned to take a hands off approach, to to put it out there and to make. Making consistent offers my goal, not how can I make the offer produce a result. Removing from our brain space, the need for it to produce a result for people is one of the number one things that will help you put better offers out there, because otherwise, you'll end up overthinking, making sure that you produce a perfect result. I produce results better for people when I'm not concerned about am I going to produce a result? Is this going to work? Are people going to do what I want them to do? Are people going to join the next step? Are people going to buy into it? Are they going to resonate with the message.

[114:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now when you're making your courses, there comes a stage where it's like, okay, you need a little bit of like organization to that, in the members area, there is a course and and I'm gonna I'm gonna probably tag her in this post. There's a lady who posted she's like, I wish I had some sort of organization on how to actually create an online course and knew how to do that. My organizational structure is very simple. I use a Word document, and I write down the first two or three lessons I want to teach people. And I usually just start there. And then I start recording those two or three lessons, you'll notice that usually that's the only part of most of my courses that super organized, is the first couple of lessons. And then what I end up doing is I end up thinking through I'll sit down and honestly i It'll come from me journaling. It'll come from me spending time meditating, it'll come from mindfulness. As I'll I'll only plan out in the course like the first two lessons. And then I'll take times of mindfulness throughout the week to come up with what the next lesson is. Because I don't know yet until I get those first couple of lessons out of me and easy course Creation Blueprint is in the members area. If you've never made a course, before I show you how to map it out right here. I show you my process of mapping out courses. It's a it's a 17 minute lesson, I really like break this down. But ultimately, lesson three, you'll see right here is when it comes to making your course the most challenging step is just pressing record, just getting it out there just ripping the band aid off getting it done. And and whether it's perfect or not, you put it out there. I think too often, especially if you come from any sort of ministry background or the church world, we hear these things like well, teachers will be held to a higher standard. And I used to get that stuck in my head that I had to be perfect, or I better never open my mouth and teach to people that I better know perfectly what I'm going to say or I better be silent, that I haven't earned the right to speak on anything unless it's perfect. And that belief system is very damaging, is very harmful is not true. Because you're not going to get better as a teacher unless you have some people to teach to unless you have some people to coach to that you can actually just experiment your teaching on and be willing to see how do they resonate with it to create an insight feedback. So my goal is this always I'm teaching that I want to hear questions from the audience. I'm teaching that I want to hear questions from everybody else. What I'm sharing right now with you I've never shared with anybody before. I want to hear the feedback from everybody applying it. Now here's what I am teaching with us from my own experience. When you teach from your own experience, and you share that this is my experience. This is my experience. Here's what I've changed with how I teach people is instead of saying this is How you must do it. I say, in my experience, this is what I did. And you can either do it this way, or you can maybe try it this way. And I usually give people two options. But I'll usually share this as my experience is what I would recommend you do. And by doing that, I'm coming from a place of experiential knowledge that I know works that worked for my business, and that I believe that if I'm attracting the right customer will work for them. How do you know that you attracted the right customer, it goes right back to what I have been teaching about getting your copy down. When your copy resonates with your target customer, you don't have to concern yourself or worry about, did I attract the right customer? So I used to work with an organization it was a Christian college. And they were very concerned about. And they actually brought me to the board and asked her like Jeremiah, how do you know that we've attracted the right?

[176:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Students? How do you know that this is what they need. And they actually ended up getting very mad at me and rebuking me for this and telling me there is no way for you to know. In fact, you're operating in a demonic spirit by even thinking that you can, and that you should never do that. And that ended up being a very big reason why they no longer worked with me is because what I'm teaching you right now, is that when you and this is what I'm saying it's polarizing, especially, like in a ministry world. But when it comes to business, you have to do this, you have to assume that you're talking to the right person, and assume that the wrong people are not going to resonate with you. And so when I put an offer out there, I'm assuming that I'm talking to a qualified person, I'm assuming that they're the person who's ready to hear. And I'm not trying to Patty Cake or, or play with the feelings of people that that are not ready for it. I'm not trying to make sure that I quote unquote, honor everybody's position of where they've been on their journey. This is a big thing, especially like, that I struggled with as that I was trying to honor everybody's journey. And by doing that I wasn't helping anybody. By trying to honor everybody's journey, well, you're at this place where you're at this place where you're at this place, the best way to honor people's journey is you create a different course, a different program, a different training for the people that are at a different stage in the journey. That's why I've created three or four, finding your niche trainings now. And I'm putting a lot of finding your niche training out there to people before they come into this program. That way, they're ready for that because I need you guys to be able to if you're in this program, to have your niche figured out. And if you don't have your niche figured out, I give you those trainings, I give you those trainings, the way that I'm able to honor that is I'm not going to spend an hour every day talking about in our live q&a is how to find your niche. I used to I used to get really bent out of shape, trying to honor everybody's journey, trying to make sure that I'm I'm hand holding everybody. When you create that says why I love the hybrid courses and coaching model, you can create bonus trainings for the people that aren't quite at the level yet. To raise those people up now it's their responsibility if they're gonna watch that training or not. This is what I ran into and coaching people, I will create five trainings that literally gives the exact process and the same person will come to me and say, Hey, you never taught that Jeremiah, you never taught it. You never showed me how you never taught it. I said, Well, here it is. I said, did you go through it? Well, no, I just don't have the time to do so whose responsibility is that is that my responsibility that they don't have the time to go through that. Some coaches, trainers and mentors will lead you to believe that it is your responsibility that you're a bad coach because they made an excuse that you failed your clients because they made an excuse. That's called codependency. Now you can build a business to six figures on codependency. But if you want to go to seven figures, you have to break up with codependency to where you're responsible for other people taking action. And this is where sometimes leadership training can be helpful. But when it comes to coaching, your job is to give somebody a rope up the ability to but you can only meet them halfway. Okay, which is why you want to repel the people that are the ones that are not willing to take action instead of trying to convince them that it's the right thing for them. Instead of trying to convince them that it's the right thing and so when you do this, your messaging becomes is very clear, because you're not no longer concerned with people rejecting you abandoning you complaining about that you didn't serve them, and that you're doing the wrong thing when you stop worrying about reject people rejecting you, people leaving you, leads not buying from you people not becoming your client. When you stop trying to process through, well, what did I do wrong that prop that caused them to not buy from me, I used to literally spend on on this couch over here. I would lay on that couch for hours trying to figure out what I did wrong, that didn't serve somebody for hours, because I would beat myself up and think I'm a bad coach, because so and so in Arkansas, didn't go through my one hour training that I knew would help them, and how have I failed them. And it would, and mentally was triggering back to trauma of feeling like this person rejected me, this person abandoned me, I just invested $10 to get them as a lead. And now I lost $10 Because they didn't do anything with me.

[257:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: As soon as I've let that go, and I'm not afraid of whether you leave me or not, I'm not attaching my identity, to the results I produce for people. That's a big one. People are buying results from you, you are not the results you produce. When you understand those two things, that's you're selling the result to people, but your value and your worth is not in making people produce a result. That it's their responsibility to take action. It's your responsibility to build your landing pages, it's your responsibility to ask questions in the group. And I meet and I'm saying this to not just anyone specifically. But if you are nervous to post questions in the group, because you're afraid of how you're going to be judged. That's, that's something to work through. That's something to grow in. That's something too, that might be an area of fear that you need to lay down and realize I'm going to take a risk, I'm gonna put myself out there, it's going to be looked at by people and then you don't allow the judgment of other people to stop you. From going after your goals. There's a really good book I want to show you.

[279:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like about half the book. And then she goes into some like meditations and stuff that I'm like, these are a little weird. Just for me, I'm just not not really into into though, like the the mantras that she has. But like the first four chapters of judgment detox, by Gabrielle Bernstein, released the beliefs that hold you back from living a better life. And when we realize that, ultimately, what stops us from living out in our truth is the judgment that we have towards other people. And the judgment that we fear that other people have towards us. And that we're trying to live in a framework of not doing what we've judged in others, and avoiding being judged by others. Our life is very limited. Our life is very small as to the potential of the actions that we can take. Because we're so afraid of, are they going to think wrong of me? Are they not going to do what I want? And then we're afraid of being who we judge? Well, I saw somebody, a coach out there do that. And, and a lot of people said that they didn't serve them very well. So I don't ever want to be that coach that doesn't serve people. And so now we make a decision based off the judgment of coaches that didn't serve people that we're going to be perfect and always serve everybody. And it creates a loop of toxic behavior that will keep you from actually launching your business. And this is one of the biggest things that I see that stops coaches and mentors from succeeding. This is one of the biggest things that was stopping me from growing my business. As soon as I grew past what I just talked about, in the last 18 minutes. And how did I grow past this? I started learning about the abandonment wound, I started learning about, about boundaries, I started getting rid of the judgment that I had towards other people. Even things I disagree with, like I said, I don't fully agree with what she has in this book, but I'm recommending you check it out. Because the first half of the book is some of the most incredible content I've ever read in my life. On this topic, when we lay down the judgment we have towards others, and we're no longer trying to live in a framework of I better not be judged by other people. I bet Do not be be rejected by others, I better not be abandoned by other people, I better always do what I should. So that things go well for me. Living in that framework will limit your ability to impact people and to grow your coaching business. You can make six figures, but it's going to take you a heck of a lot longer. I talked about this on Saturday. Most of y'all don't don't know this fact, about me. So I had grown and built my mom's business with her 20 million $30 million, I had the framework of what to do to build successful businesses. I ended up working with Rick Pino, Bill hills, his business to over $10 million with him, right. But my business selling coaches coaching and courses was only doing about two grand a month, until about January of this year, what changed everything for me. And then we started making six figures, and multiple six figures. And now we're almost at seven figures. What changed is what I'm talking about right here today. And I've realized, I think y'all are grown up enough to really hear this from me is that when we when we no longer let our feelings dictate our business decisions.

[342:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna say that again, when we no longer let our feelings dictate our business decisions. Your feelings matter. labeling your feelings is one of the most powerful things you can do if you work with a therapist are going to tell you that stuffing your feelings is actually one of the most damaging things you can do, trying to ignore them. Your feelings are always trying to tell you something, when you can learn to listen to them, and you start to identify them and you change and you realize maybe the meaning I associated with those feelings is different, right? In the past, we have so associated judgment as lack of safety. Now I associate judgment from somebody else's, it's just their opinion, doesn't matter to me, doesn't bother me. I got multiple messages from people. Interestingly, this week, from the church I grew up in, I grew up in a very religious controlling brethren assembly, that didn't believe in the Holy Spirit. And was was very abusive with how it used scripture. I had two people this week from the Brethren Church that I grew up in write me about how much of a heretic I am on social media this week. And how I need to be careful, I'm gonna go to hell. I'm like, Wow, that's pretty interesting, I must be doing some breakthrough. When we get judgment from other people, it can be a sign that you're actually moving in the right direction. And this is one of the biggest things is that if we're constantly trying to avoid the pain, of judgment from others, when we're constantly trying to avoid people rejecting us, when we're constantly trying to control their decisions, we're not actually serving people at our highest ability, because we're only trying to please people, we're only trying to give them what they want. And this is where people get a little confused, because I talk about in my teaching, you got to give people what you want. Your offer needs to lead with what people want. You give people what they want, and what they need. But if what they want isn't something that I'm willing to give them, you don't need to give it to them. I got a whole bunch of people on the internet that want me to run their Facebook ads for free for them. Does that mean that I'm a terrible human being if I don't run 1000 people's Facebook ads for free? Just because they want it? Should I create an offer around what they want on that? Well, no, because I'm not willing to offer that to people. But what am I willing to offer? What am I willing to give to people? And so you're the one you're ultimately the coach, you're the one that decides how much of you, you give to people. And that's why boundaries is so important. Establishing your boundaries, what am I willing to give to people, not what not what do they want, and they're trying to suck me dry? And they're trying to tell me how I'm supposed to do things? Or rather, what am I willing to give to people. And then you craft your offer around that. When there's an alignment and what you're willing to give to people and what they want. You create your offer around what they want. So for instance, a lot of people have been asking me finding your niche generating leads, how do I create really good Facebook ad videos? How do I start my coaching business? How do I put my coaching business together? I'm having a lot of people asking me about the technical aspects of funnels, and building their coaching course. I can teach it I don't like to teach it but I don't think I'm going to have to teach it if I'm going to actually attract the right customers. And so I'm going to test that out. I'm getting a lot of feedback from people that they're wanting to learn that in my free offers. I have a lot of the training here in my program, but a lot of people are asking for it on the free love And so if I can start to serve people even more on that free level of what they want what I'm willing to share with people, I can start to address that and give people more of what they want. And then that attracts the right client to me. And then I can assume that I'm talking to the right person, we're going back to what I originally started with, when your offer is giving people what they want. And you've had enough feedback with people, how do you generate feedback, you literally can just send an email to people that join your email list afterwards, if they didn't sign up for your offer, say, Hey, what's your biggest struggle or frustration? I noticed you didn't sign up for this? How can I? How can I serve you? We're creating some new content, I'd love to know, what's the topic that you love to hear on. When I did that, I had a lot of people telling me I don't know how to manage my time. I have no money. I don't know how to build my business with no money. Okay, great. So I started talking about the different things that people could do in that way. All those people disappeared. This is what's interesting when people tell you what they want, this is the feedback that you want to pay attention to. They're going to ask you for what they want, you're gonna give it to them. And one of two things is going to happen. They're either going to ghost you, or they're going to go to the next level.

[420:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you gave them what they wanted, and they ghosted you, I would no longer offer that thing that people want. And I would just ignore people that want that thing. And so this is a way that you can actually figure out how to create offers that people want is okay, they tell you, I want this did they take the next step with you? If they didn't take the next step with you don't run that offer again. Because clearly, they just wanted this. And then they decided something right here that they're not ready to go to that next level, here's what I found with a lot of people is, is that when we have an open hand, when we're willing to serve people, with an open hand, and I don't require you to sign up for my next step. Some of you, this is where this is what's stopping you. You're not willing to put out an offer for what somebody wants, because you're not sure if they're going to take the next step with you. And so you're assuming whether they will or not, and you're not testing it out, you're not willing to experiment to see what happens or not. Now, if they don't go to the next step with you, I would eliminate that offer from your pipeline. If they do go to the next step with you, I would figure out how can I lean more into this level on the pipeline. And that's how you can start to get the feedback from your customer of what they want you craft your messaging around the response that you're getting from people. That's why it's called direct response marketing. And there's a book written by Dan Kennedy again, I've recommended his book, direct response marketing legend, the ultimate sales letter right here. He has another book called here's the no BS direct direct marketing. Ultimate, no holds barred kick butt take no prisoners direct marketing for non direct marketing businesses. This book is really good, the red the red and black one. So if I go over to Amazon, direct marketing, Dan Kennedy, any of Dan Kennedy's books are great. By the way, I'd recommend if you just like, if you just listen to all his books, you're gonna like, be elevated to such a higher level. His book on on time management is incredible. It's basically a boundaries book. His book on marketing his book on sales letters, but I love this one direct marketing, no BS direct marketing, the red and black one right here. And he breaks down in this. The idea behind direct marketing is you're looking for an action that people take, you invite them to take action. And sometimes this is your call to action right here. Sometimes they're going to take action. Other times they're not. You need to be okay with that. You need to become okay with them not taking the action that you want them to take. And then say what can I learn from this instead of internalizing it as rejection, instead of internalizing it as abandonment or somebody leaving you or feeling like you failed, and now I gotta lick my wounds and now I can't go forward. You say What can I learn from that? They clearly didn't take action wasn't how I was selling. Was it the cadence on how I sold? Was it the energy that I had? Was the offer aligned to the right people? Who was actually in this offer? What questions are they asking me. And when you figure that out more and more and more, and you get really detailed, and you get into the mind of your target customer, you can start to deliver offers that people can't say no to. Another great book is 100 million dollar offers by Alex Hormoz, Z. And one of the biggest things that he shares in this and I believe it has actually also borrowed from Dan Kennedy, as well is, by the way, Avi, you want to know why I don't post the links in the in the chat. Because I want people to take personal responsibility for going to look for it themselves.

[494:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because if somebody who's in my program can't do that, that's an exercise in them actually taking action, and building their business, you may think that I'm not serving my clients by not posting the links in the chat. You may think that by me not doing certain things, that it's that I'm not serving people, well, it's actually that I'm showing a level of expectation that people are grown adults, and that I don't treat them like children. And I expect that if I share something with you that it's now on you to go check it out yourself. And that's the way it See, here's the thing, if you're in this coaching program, I expect you to act like a grown adult, I expect you to make choices on your own. I expect you to go do whatever whatever I asked whether you choose to do it or not. But I'm not going to become codependent on you doing that thing. I'm going to meet you halfway and I'm going to tell you what to do. And I'm going to point you in the right direction, but it's on you to do it. And so I actually pulled the rope back a little bit intentionally, to to require a certain level of personal responsibility for the people in this coaching program. And that's, that's a, that's a huge thing is to understand is that when coaching people, if you are constantly holding everybody's hand, doing everything for them, you're not giving people a chance to grow, you're not giving people a chance to be grown adults themselves, you're giving them the opportunity to step into the employee mindset of well, a boss is going to tell me what to do. If he didn't tell me what to do that and not my responsibility to do it. That mindset of employment is something that you've got a break. If you're a coach, if you're an entrepreneur, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor is needing to be told what to do all the time, learning to grow up, be a grown adult, take action, figure it out yourself, get in the weeds, get dirty mess up, make mistakes, that's part of the process. And that's what I'm raising up in this group. That's what I want to help people do. That's what I want to show people how to do. Now, if they're in my free trainings, I'm gonna send links out and I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna handhold them, and I'm gonna walk them through that process. Once somebody buys from me, I actually stopped doing that. And this is a huge part of in your coaching business, that too often I see coaches, they spend way too many hours trying to manage their team and make people take action, when the truth is just expecting people to be grown adults, is what they need. expecting people to take action because they want to not because they were forced to do it, not because somebody held their hand. And so I love if somebody posts in the group, hey, what's the link to that? Great, I'll go share the link, because they took action to ask because they took action to ask what they don't know. But oftentimes, I will actually intentionally choose to not serve my coaching group. According to the judgment that some people might have, I intentionally choose to serve you less. Because I expect people to be grown adults. Because if if me not posting a link to a book as a reason for you to say I don't ever want to work with Jeremiah, again, great, I don't want to work with you either. And you're not my target customer. But if I can help raise you up and train you to be somebody that can take action that can figure things out on their own, that is a critical thinker that doesn't require other people to do the thinking for them. Now I've successfully done what I need to as a coach when you enter coaching when you're coaching, so I want to now flip this back on all of you In your coaching business, your job is not to take the role of employer boss manager over the people that you're coaching, and to give them everything. And to tell them what to do, your job is to lead and direct people to what they need. Okay? So this book 100 million dollar offers, how to make offers so good that people feel stupid saying no, one of the biggest things that he talks about is in your marketing, in your offer, you want to make sure that you are marketing to pay people who have money. People who have expendable cash flow, to spend

[572:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: people who have money in their bank account to give you, if you're constantly trying to serve broke people, you're not gonna be able to pull them up out of their broke ashes. You're just not. And so that's why trying to undercharge and undercut what you're doing is not serving people. I take a look at my mom's stocks group. She's helping people that don't have a whole lot of money. And yet, she is charging $177 a month, she's, she's not charging 17 bucks a month to help broke people. And she's got over 2500 people paying 177 bucks a month because she expects people to rise up to that level to be in her space. If they're not, they're going to be entitled, they're going to be complainers. They're going to be whiners, they're going to be upset, then they're not going to be happy with what's delivered. And so when you have an open hand, and you don't need everybody to do what you want, when you don't need everybody to stay in your program, when you don't need everybody to buy what you're offering. When you're willing to put your offer out there, just to see what happens and experiment, you tap into a different level of thinking, and operating and positioning yourself as an authority. Rather than I'm just here. Little me servant to all that you can just toss around, kick around, beat around, I'm here to be controlled by other people, because I'm a whore. And I and I mean that as offensively as it sounds, because that's how most coaches treat themselves is just beat me just pull my hair, just tell me what you want me to do. I will submit to you Oh, Daddy client, because I am your whore. And that's how most people enter into the coaching relationship is whoring themselves out in a submissive stance to their clients to do what they want, because they are afraid of being hurt, abused, let go of and ostracized and kicked out. They're afraid of people not doing what they want. They're afraid of not getting validation that they hoard themselves out and enter into submission to anybody who will listen, anybody who will validate them. And if you're somebody that grew up, like I did, with a lot of daddy issues, and Mommy issues, that's what led me to do this. That's what led me to this place is I was seeking validation from everybody. I was seeking validation from clients. I was I was willing to do whatever you wanted me to do. Just don't make me feel bad. Just don't leave me. Just don't abandon me. That's no way to build a business. That's no way to build a business. When you grow to the place, that you are not trying to control other people. When you are not trying to get validation from your coaching program, when the results of your offer, don't affect your mood. When your confidence isn't tied to your performance, and the praise you get from other people, you become unstoppable as a coach. All right. So I'm gonna I'm gonna go in here, I'm gonna take some questions now. Here in the group. The nice what's up?

[634:37] Speaker 1: Well, I just want to say something. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, you know, everything you're saying. It's taking me like years to get to what you're saying. And I'm here now. One, and I'm just like, it's like deliverance. You know, one of the things I'd like your comments on something one of the things I find is his fellow coach friends of mine, because I tell them like what I'm about to do. And I've had several people tell me like, just like, critique what I'm about to do, like by charging $1,000 A person, they're like, Are you sure about that? Like, how do you know people are gonna pay you? And I'm finding that I'm frustrated. The colleagues in my circle, don't have that kind of belief. And I mean, at this point, I'm like, Thank you for sharing, or, um, how about, I'm not going to tell you anything I'm just going to give you. But it's like, also, I just find like some of

[649:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: your colleagues.

[650:41] Speaker 1: Really. Thank you that that helps.

[651:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, your circle is is where is was for the last season. Yeah, that circle of colleagues is from the previous season. And now you're growing to a new level, you're growing to a new level. I mean, it's funny, like I was talking to, to Rick Pino, about this, he's doing, you know, over a million a month, he's making a new circle of people. Because truthfully, he's not going to go to the next level and make 10 million a month now. To do that, he's hanging out in a circle of people that's doing 10 and 20 million a month. And they're doing and they're doing not just a million a month, but 10 and 20 million a month. And so for you to grow to the next level A, it's about it's about and I get it, and it can be really difficult, especially if it's your friends, especially as Ellie if it's people you love, especially if it's, if it's people that you care about a whole lot. And they share your opinion, what I just stopped doing is we just not ask their opinion anymore. Find new people that you can bounce your opinion off of this group is a great place to do that. As well, what you're going to notice is that as soon as you're willing to let go of those people, new people will start to arrive in your life, because you're going to be operating at I believe, at a different energetic frequency, to where it's going to attract different people, to where your body, your spirit, your emotions, the words you say, the cadence of what you say are going to change. And those people are no longer going to want to feel like you're, they need to give you their opinion, as well. In our hearts, we want everybody to feel like their opinion matters. It does. But you don't have to take on everybody's opinions. And you don't have to seek it out for them to know their opinion matters. Yeah, that's something that I had to learn is that I'm not invalidating, I don't like their opinions, their opinion. They can think it, they're not bad for thinking they're not even bad for what they told you. You know, they're just at a different place in you, and that's okay. And they can be and then we don't have to argue them and tell them why they're wrong. And, and, you know, like, we don't need to do this like, sometimes, again, in religious circles. It's like iron sharpening iron thing. Like sometimes the iron needs to stop sharpening itself, and you gotta go find some new friends.

[692:30] Speaker 1: Can I say one last thing real quick? Yeah, I did restoring the foundations at the request of your mom years ago. And I, one of the other things is happening. It's interesting, this is happening alongside with another dimension of growth for me, I, this year have gotten present to trauma that I didn't remember when I was four. So I started working with a cognitive behavioral therapist, and then also another form of therapy called integrated family systems. And I am, it's like, things are making sense. And there's just a whole new level of freedom, ie for myself to give room and like to just not care anymore. Jeremiah, I don't care anymore. Yeah. I just don't and I know who I am. I know like the results, but there was always a part of me that was like, what if and then the other side of it was I get pissed off if people didn't like, sign up or work with me, like just angry at people and that was still more of me, the little part of me that that was upset when people didn't like me and they rejected me. So I totally get what you're saying I'm so there. And it's just I'm so present to 20 years in the industry or personal growth in my life and it never ends and I'm not trying to get to a place of perfection but there's always another dimension of growth and transformation. And I see like, as I grow and expand the impact grows and expand this the energy the frequency of my voice to just say it out loud and and in with love and compassion in truth. Yeah, so I just thank you so much. I so love being a part of this community and I feel like there are going to be people that resonate with me I can feel like yeah, not have the challenge of feeling weird or whatever that is. So

[721:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: absolutely, absolutely. Here's something I'm gonna I'm gonna show you again, I love his content, not all of it, but like the stuff that resonates I like I do find he can be a little bit more pessimistic. He, I'm pretty sure he's an atheist too. So sometimes like when he talks about God, I'm like, it's different than my framework. But I love Alex, her Moses content, and I love his book, 100 million dollar offers. And this is the four stages of business growth, zero to 1 million a year, one to 10 million, most of y'all that are in this program, you're right here, you're at that zero to 1 million a year mark. And there's different levels that we learned. Now there's a lesson that he teaches as well about what you learn. Let me just draw it on my whiteboard here real quick. Can you all see my whiteboard? Can you see that you might have to move it to Speaker view to be able to see it better in the options. But what Alex or Mozi teaches, I'm going to try to find a video of it, but I'm just going to show it to you what it is, is our level of growth works like this. There's two sides. The first side is, is practical skills. The second side is mental skills. So what Alex or Mozi teaches is that honestly, like you could be somebody that you got practical skills up here. But your mental skills are down here. And so you can only ever go up to this level on the ladder in your business. This is what was happening with me i have i i have practical skills that are up here. And I'm gonna mean this vulnerably with you guys. My mental skills are still about halfway up there. Because why? Why is it that my mom can make 10 $20 million? And I'm not? Am I Am I an impostor? Because of that? Am I a terrible coach? Am I a worthless human being? Some people might say so they're not in this program? No, it's, I'm still growing in my mental and practical skills to match that level. Now, I have an Case in point when I've worked with people that have the mental skill set of making a million dollars a month with the practical skills that I already know, they connected that level, but but we're limited by making sure that our mental and practical skill sets are in alignment. Otherwise, you might also have mental skill set that's up here. But your practicals down here, you're also going to limit yourself. And so they grow in tandem, is each level we have to grow in different beliefs. It doesn't matter how much money you're making a million dollars a month, $100 million a month, there's still levels of belief that that that we're thinking that we don't know. And really, like we have to look on the scale of people like like Elon Musk, or Jeff Bezos, or any multi billionaire out there, all they've learned is how to think differently and do different things than any of us do. But every single one of us has the ability to do that. Every single one of you has the ability to make $1,000,000.10 million dollars in your coaching business. You truly do. It's just about aligning your practical skills, and the mental skills and bring them up at that at each level. And so if you notice a cam plateaued, you got to look out Okay, which one? Is it? Is it a practical skill set that I'm lacking? Or is it a mental skill set? For me? It's it seems to always be mentally related. For the last four years because every level that I grow mentally, my income goes down to the next level, and then what I'll do it like I just had a call with my mom before this, her and I were talking for 30 minutes about again, mindset, the abandonment wound things like that things that I was dealing with, and she's like, this is gonna take you to the next level and your income. I'm like, I know it will. I know it will. You know, a big part of it is I've been afraid to shoot straight with my audience. I've been afraid to to say some of the things that I say that I've said today. I'm no longer afraid if people leave me because they're offended by what I'm saying. They're not the right person and that's okay. That's perfectly okay. All right, Stephanie. Stephanie Johnson.

[797:53] Speaker 2: Hi, how are you today? Good. How are you? I'm pretty good. Listen, I just had a quick question. You know how when you put It are live sessions here up in Thinkific. And then we have all those separate ones. I'm on the pro procreate plan. How do I do that when I start doing my lives, and then I want them to have the recordings inside, that when they log on, you know how it shows that we have all of these different courses? How do I add that to that particular course? Or where did they all have access to it?

[808:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you download the video from zoom. Have you done that yet?

[809:12] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, I'm not I'm just trying to figure out how to do it inside the DAT. Yeah. Where it looks like my under My Courses. So when I added to the holistic X hairstylist, accelerator,

[812:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: video video library, did you? Yeah. So now you go to your courses? Do I create a new course? Or is it a course that you already started yet?

[816:08] Speaker 2: Yes, it's going to be added, but I don't want those who use the free who see the free courses for that to be added to theirs. So I want to know, how do I add a just to that particular course that extra course. I hope you understand what I'm saying?

[820:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, if you gave the extra course, to all the free people, they're gonna get that.

[821:44] Speaker 2: No, no, no, I haven't. This is how do I add it to just that one particular course and not the free course, if you want to

[824:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: click on that particular course. Uh huh. And then you press Add a chapter and you add it.

[826:34] Speaker 2: Huh, but, but when we go into ours? Yeah, I know how to do that. But it's so it won't be separate. So all of those, but you don't have our recordings like that you have our recordings in a separate course. Do you understand what I'm saying? Yeah, I

[831:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: made a new course that has the recordings right

[832:01] Speaker 2: here. Right. Okay. So now, the question is one is over here. Right. Okay, that, but when I log in, I have that available to? How do I make it available to a particular course? Because I have free courses also on Thinkific?

[838:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: How do you make it available to a particular course? Are you saying you want to give people that already have a course another course?

[840:06] Speaker 2: Yes, basically. Okay. So. So it's a bit they've already gone.

[841:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you when you you create, you can create bundles I figured I had sold is you want to create a bundle. So for me, I'm selling the growth accelerator bundle every time I add a new course to it. People get that new course. Right? Bundle, if you didn't create a bundle, you actually have to go through under Users, and filter out the users that have that course. Aha. And then you select like, I'm just gonna select a couple users. Let's say they have that course. Then enroll them into that new course. Right?

[849:54] Speaker 2: Oh, okay. Yeah, that's what I was

[850:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: trying to users and then you can enroll them into that new one.

[851:33] Speaker 2: So but it's at every time someone joins, then I would have to manually enroll them?

[852:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or how many people are you dealing with?

[853:57] Speaker 2: Well, I don't I'm just starting it, you know, because here's

[854:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: one thing that you can do is, and I've done this, is instead you create a bundle now that you know you're going to start adding new stuff to this bundle. You create this bundle, and you give it to all those current people you have you give them that bundle.

[858:58] Speaker 2: Right. And so under the bundle, I have to I think I'm on the Pro Plan. I think I have to go up to the growth to do that. Do you know offhand? I think so. Okay, that's what I wanted to know. But I can't do it without going up to the growth immediately. And I can just manually Yeah,

[863:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. Exactly. That is what I know. You can do the bundle even with the Pro Plan? I don't think so. Yeah, you can.

[865:21] Speaker 2: Oh, okay. I will definitely try to make make

[866:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: sure. Yeah. All right. Cool. All right.

[867:19] Speaker 2: I appreciate that. Thank you.

[868:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Tina. Hello. Hello. How are you?

[869:45] Speaker 3: Good. How are you doing? Good. You're answering the same question from Elvis. My question is about pricing. Because I'm going to offer from my holiday boundary course. A six week live course I can't think of what to call it right now. And I was thinking, Could you talk about offering discounts to the people that do the My two hour intensive like. So if I'm doing the course for 997 Would I offer a discount to our Mike, I'm confused on that part

[885:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I offered a discount on my $27 thing I've, you can create a discount by delivering what the value is and what you plan on the price of your nine and seven course being. But realize this when it comes to pricing, whatever the lowest price that you offer is what you're now conditioning people that your value is. And it'll take you almost a year to condition them up to a higher price. And so if you want to raise, you can raise your prices. But it's going to take you a year to do that. And you're going to have almost no business at that higher price for a whole year. By conditioning people that that's that that's what the price is. Because you're going to have a cycle of people that are going to think basically people's psychology, when it comes to pricing is well Black Fridays around the corner, they might offer a deal. And so they're constantly waiting. And when they see that you don't offer that for a whole year, they eventually cave at the higher price that you want to do when it's just better to start at the higher price anyways. And that's why again, when it comes to pricing, it has more to do with are you targeting people with money. If you're not targeting people with money, then why not you just start targeting people with money. And that and that we're only talk to the ones that you know, have money if they're in that group of people, specifically, but you don't want to discount your stuff just to motivate people to buy from you. Because they're cheap. Right? If they're not buying at a said, if nobody's buying it said price point, there's two reasons either they don't believe in, in they don't believe that the value is there. They don't believe that they're going to get what you're offering. They don't trust that you're going to deliver enough equal to the value of that. And so then you got to evaluate what can I how can I increase the value of this course and coaching? Not? How can I lower the price? That's what your your question needs to be is how can I actually increase the value of what I'm offering? Not how can I make it cheaper? Okay,

[917:54] Speaker 3: so I miss misunderstood when you were talking about it on Saturday. So yeah, okay.

[919:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: What was I talking about on Saturday? Okay,

[920:18] Speaker 3: you said, I wish I don't have the notes right here in front of me. But I thought you said that you can offer it. And maybe it was the VIP. Maybe that's where I got confused.

[922:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it was the VIP. Here's the other thing, too, if y'all are watching those free events I'm doing. I'm particularly speaking to people that haven't bought from me yet that aren't in this program. Right. So some of the advice that I give them is going to be different than what I give you in here. And so if it's like, Well, you said in there that you should do that. Yes, I know I did. And so it's because some people just aren't ready to hear you need to charge this much yet. But it's not at that stage yet. And so but yeah, normally, I just do it for the VIP, like I discounted the VIP for like 48 hours. I'm thinking of not doing that anymore. I did it twice, didn't really like the results produced think I'm gonna stop doing that. And so it's all related to there's not like, you can try it out either way. Just realize that when you do something, that's what people are going to expect.

[939:20] Speaker 3: Yeah, that's what I was thinking actually. I was like, Well, I don't want people to think I'm always going to be discounting and yeah, yeah,

[941:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I ended up discounting all my courses. When I first launched a course it was $697. When I first started my business, and I sold a bunch of those. Then I started discounting all my courses down to 97, and then 47, and then 27. And that became what people expected me to charge everything for now, here's the problem. Everybody ended up buying those courses. They didn't even go through them. And then I had a whole bunch of people telling me Well, I'm not going to buy your $27 course because I don't think it's going to be any value to me anyways. And I'm like I've literally poured my life and soul into this $27 course, I need to charge more for this because nobody believes that it has value. Doesn't matter that I think it has value. Doesn't matter that my heart was so sweet and wanted to help everybody I made it cheap so everybody could buy it. That doesn't matter. And so in that it was I had to then raise my prices I got rid of doing free 15 Minute Calls to everybody. Everything that I'm teaching y'all is based off of me trying to do it the wrong way for the last four years on purpose. I because I I guess you could say a safety have different other clients I was working with. I made the last four years and experiment and choosing the wrong choice just to see what happens. I don't know if you're gonna actually find very many coaches in the coaching industry that will tell you that they intentionally did the wrong thing just to prove that it was wrong. I did. And now I'm telling you from doing both, you don't want to do it that way. Yeah. Okay,

[967:33] Speaker 3: now that clarified a lot that I've been thinking that. Awesome. Thank you so much.

[969:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Deborah.

[970:29] Speaker 4: Traveling again. So if I cut out, I will have to put the picture up. All right. So I think you answered my question when you talk to Tina. Yes. Because I was going to ask on that ladder, that you describe practical skills and mental mental skills. You're talking about, like you get to a certain level, you mature, right? And then you go up to the next level? So my question was going to be, should I start off with a $47? Course? And what I think I heard you say with Tina is, if you start off at that level, then people are going to want to the bill, you'll attract that audience, basically. Yes. Am I hearing that correctly? Yes,

[985:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll attract the audience that wants to pay that. And right now, in our current economy, anything less than $1,000 as a course as your first offering, is just you're not going to make a profit margin. Now, what you can do is you can do a VIP, that's a q&a that they get for seven days for 47 bucks, or 27. But your main offering needs to be at least $1,000.

[992:24] Speaker 4: Okay. And when you say you're offering with your course, you're also like coupling it like a hybrid where there's coaching with that course,

[994:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep, like an eight week, like an eight week school, but I don't like the word school. So I would rather do like an eight week

[996:25] Speaker 4: training or eight we coaching

[997:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: program. It's an coaching program, you're coaching them for eight weeks through this, you're an eight week mentoring program, an eight week accelerator.

[1001:18] Speaker 4: And so like that one,

[1001:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, an eight week accelerator. And so and so that's what you're selling them as this series of iron for eight weeks to accelerate them to that process. Now, here's the thing I'm going to add to this. Once you start selling that enough, and you start noticing that your sales slowdown, see this is a more advanced level training, right here, I'm cautious to even tell you what I'm about to tell you because I want you to hear it very clearly. When you've sold enough of that 997. And you notice, okay, I'm not getting as many sales from that I would add into your ecosystem, a 497 product, but it has to be a different product, you're not discounting your 997, what you're doing is you're creating something that's in between your free stuff, and your higher level. So for instance, client growth accelerators right here, and honestly, anybody can come into this go through the courses get a ton of value from it at any level they're at. However, when I look at who's on each of the calls, there's a certain type of person who's an action taker who's actually getting the most out of the program. And so what I plan on doing is in the next three to six months, launching a 497, that's for the person that is not quite ready yet for the client growth accelerator. But they still want to buy something from me at that level. But that comes through. I've sold enough of these. I've worked enough with those people. I've gotten enough feedback. And I've worked with enough of these free ones, that now I know what I'm going to do at this level. And the entire goal of this 497 is to strategically move every single one of those people into the client growth accelerator.

[1033:17] Speaker 4: And that's why the 497 mark would not have the 997 stuff in it right?

[1034:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: It could have some of it. Yes.

[1035:37] Speaker 4: Okay. Okay. And then when you say the free you're talking about like free master the virtual event Yeah,

[1038:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: virtual event free masterclass. And now here's the other thing too. Once you run enough virtual event So I would turn some of your virtual event content into a free pre recorded masterclass, because you've done it enough times, I'm about like, you're going to notice in the next six months, the my model is going to shift slightly to where I'm going to be doing more pre recorded stuff. But that only came out of me doing it live enough times, because my messaging is changing each time I do it live. And I'm dialing it in even more and more and more, I have a very specific goal that I want to get to is where my virtual event is, is consistently bringing in over 100 to 200,000 a month. Once I have that consistent, then I would go and make it pre recorded.

[1050:29] Speaker 4: Okay, this is all making sense. I'm going through your irresistible offers that sell. So my I know my end game. Now I have to break down the courses that would help me get to my endgame. That's how I'm thinking right now.

[1055:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Easy course Creation Blueprint can help you come up with that, at least in like the very first lesson of it. Okay, there's again, figuring out, okay, based off of what that niche is based off of what the niche audiences, what can you deliver to them? What do they really need? What will they buy, but you're going to learn that more again, by just creating something, putting it out there selling it, see how people respond, because you want to get that feedback loop going to where they're actually telling you, and your audience is going to tell you what to sell to them

[1064:26] Speaker 3: to grow as you as you're working to do it,

[1065:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is why we're gonna figure it out all up front, is for your first thing, okay, we'll do that. But it doesn't need to take you more than a month to do that. map it out on a Word document, start recording it, maybe one lesson a week, for a month or two. And now you got a course now you got something to sell to people. The other thing you could do though, is you could you can pre sell your course you don't even have to have the lessons done yet. You pre sell people on an eight week program and you create the lessons each week as you go through the program. That way the q&a is guiding what your lessons are, you will actually be a better teacher if you do it that way.

[1075:56] Speaker 4: Okay, well, I just said, No, you are an anointed teacher. Because you literally break things down so that it is digestible and doable. So just want to throw that out there to you.

[1079:50] Speaker 3: All right,

[1080:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I should that that means a lot because a lot of people have also told me that I'm the most confusing, hard to learn from person they've ever met. So I don't let that opinion bother me because I haven't more people. The right people will, will will understand it, which is good. And that's the thing is I make sure I talk to the right people. The nice guy, I want to bring you back up to answer that question, because there's a few questions I have for you on that. Okay, um, so a membership program. Again, I mentioned, membership memberships are there they are harder to make money with. So just as long as you know that upfront, and you are okay with your your monthly profit margins being slow in the beginning, then I would say start with $97 a month. If it's not, like directly business related training, if it's directly related to financial growth, 160 677 bucks a month. Okay. And you could do an introductory period at 47 a month, just to get some people in initially and then that's to like your warm audience. It's 47 bucks a month, it's going to be 97 When I launch it to everybody, do that, sell it for 97 for six months, then raise it up to 177.

[1102:58] Speaker 1: Okay, yeah, that's exactly what I'm gonna do. I've did my introductory and now I'm gonna, I want to raise it to over 100 because the value is so perfect. And like,

[1105:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: you need to you need over 100 then for sure.

[1107:00] Speaker 1: Okay, but like 100 What? So 97 And then it's personal growth. It's not in the financial.

[1109:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, one I like a 166 like mine is or 177 a month. Okay. Um, I think that those numbers work really well for people. And then you can sell like a yearly package for two grand or discount them at if they buy the whole year. This is what my mom has hers at 177 and then discounts them for the whole year for 1500.

[1115:30] Speaker 1: Okay, so, okay, cool. Thank you.

[1116:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you can always offer a discount for the first month, they could try the first month for 77 Take $100 off the first month. Those work really well. All right. Have a

[1120:58] Speaker 5: if can you hear me? Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay, I went off video thinking that you couldn't see my hand with this bag. That's fine. You know, I just want to say the what you shared in the initial part of today's meeting? I mean, it didn't add any any value to me. I mean, I'm talking about me, this is not a statement to dare for you. Yeah, this is all about I, I didn't get any value because whatever reasons, okay. But I'm going to seek your opinion now. So what you will share with me now will matter to me that much I know whether it will add value to the overall meeting or not that I don't know. As someone who may have similar background, but this is about me, okay. The thing is, this is my month number one, which CGA kind of month number two with Joshua Geils. Regarding this similar topic. And so my background Jeremiah is this is my dad, my earthly earthly father. He's 80 Plus, but until he was age 73. He, he used to put in so much of effort not perfectionist, but he he was he is totally task oriented. Which means even until he's a 73, he he used to study some books, engineering books, they're about 2000 pages, he will draw notes, he will write down handwrite everything. So which means my that programming that comes upon me is about taking action, we talk about taking action, which means for me, there is a massive impact of the way he worked every single day, until his late 70s. When I do not myself put in that kind of action into my business, or whatsoever I do. Right now in the current context of building the business coaching business, I beat myself up. And then on a daily basis, I think ideal do this yesterday, not not the perfection point of view. I didn't do this yesterday, and so Oh, well, you know, the inner voice is you're behind, then you're behind, then you're behind. So people don't bother me. And this and that didn't bother me. It's just like this particular background. So anything that you have to say, from your experience from the books you read, and the people that you have coached so far? I would, I would want to seek your help today.

[1164:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I, it's funny, I most of my coaching clients, that I had one on one, when I first started this business had that exact problem. And I worked with most of them one on one through it, because I also had the same problem was this the inner voice that is very critical, very self critical, very much looking at okay, what you didn't do, holding yourself responsible is taking personal responsibility to a very unhealthy extreme as what it is. And so what I would say is this a be super grateful because you have a level of self discipline that most people wish they had. Correct. You have a level of self belief that most people wish they had. But what's what your your biggest thing that is stopping you would be not giving yourself the grace to make mistakes and to be human. And to to to say okay, I could I do better? Sure. Do I need to do better for my safety, security to feel good about myself? Maybe right now, that's what you've needed. And maybe over the years you needed your performance tied to what you did, but I want to I want to speak to you as well. From a perspective of when it comes to like, our faith is that your performance here here on Earth doesn't change how God sees you. And so when you when you see yourself how God sees you. He sees somebody that is that is doing an amazing job that he's pleased with that he thinks is absolutely Incredible now here's the thing I heard that training a whole lot it did nothing for me it didn't help me for years. Hearing that God was pleased with me because I wasn't pleased with me. Because growing up my parents were never pleased with me. I love my mom I love my dad I could never do anything good enough. I was like, there wasn't like so I relate with that I had that critical mentality as well. All of the friends that I hung out with were critical. All of the social media I engaged with was critical. Everything that I was reading was critical. I was constantly looking at the world through a critical lens of what are they doing wrong? What can they do better? And as soon as again this book was a pretty powerful one on that is when I stopped judging myself so much and I stopped judging other people so much and I stopped being so critical of others and stop being so critical of myself and giving myself grace to take action. I was able to move move forward on things much better. I crap I have to jump on on zoom right here. I completely lost track of time and I have to be somewhere else. So again, I know I completely lost the clock. Can I take it in the car? Yeah. Okay.

[1224:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: What an unprofessional

