CGA - Monday Live Training
Date: 2022-12-09T03:07:00.000Z
Duration: 109 min
Otter ID: Rm3IFFzmwfQq07jUJYyWhxb4QEk
---

[3:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Live and Facebook participants. Not sure why I got that accent. But it is what it is. Because today is the greatest day of your lesson natural life because you could be anywhere else in the world. But you're here and I'm actually just nobody's on Live. I'm just saying this to be funny for the recording, because we're not something I would recommend you all if you are doing broadcasts like this hop in about three minutes before you go live so that you can actually do all the necessary things you got to do otherwise you'd be rushing. And join us live on zoom here. Live Simulink group CGA. Go Live. All right. Perfect. So we are now live in the group. Welcome, welcome. Welcome. How's everybody doing today? Welcome to the client growth accelerator group. I'm so glad that you're here. We're going to wait for a couple of people to log in. Before I hop into training today, I recorded my podcast episode this morning. I'm sending it off to get edited should be up. It's probably one of the most impactful podcast trainings that I've done in a long time, it was about 30 minutes long and took a little bit extra time. And if you're not, if you're watching these recordings you're on here. You're not you know, plugging into the podcast just kind of in your free time just playing it in the background, things like that, it's a good way to keep your mindset in a good spot throughout the week. Again, over over 192 episodes of the podcast. And they're they're relevant to what this group is dealing with. So breaking free from the need of approval, writing better copy scaling your coaching business, picking a profitable niche, a lot of people still keep saying they're stuck on their niche, this pillar right here for you. Okay. So we're gonna get started here, officially and right about a minute or two, I'm gonna let a few people log in because we got some stragglers. But I'm less and I'm super thankful for everybody that is on here, super grateful. I'm so glad for everybody's taking action. And everybody is, is gaining momentum and seeing results. And I'm so glad for everybody who is giving it their best shot. And everybody who's showing up. And the fact that you woke up this morning is a blessing. The fact that you're here today, I just want to I just want you to realize, you gotta gotta give yourself a high five just for being here today. Congratulate yourself, just for waking up. We can have this tendency that says, you know, I'm not doing everything perfect. I'm not where I should be. And so then we beat ourselves up and that's that's, that's that's kind of like an alcoholic who is hanging out at a bar drinking and saying that he wants to quit alcohol. It's literally like the same thing is to beat yourself up for what you're not doing. And it's literally like, we don't realize that because if we were trained and raised with criticism and all that, like you know, it's anti what actually gets you going now short your your inner critic can be a great project manager. That's what I'm learning with parts work which is awesome. I'm learning to embrace that inner critic and saying okay, I don't always have to listen to you but you you do help guide me in some ways let me know if i Okay, I'm late for this call. I'm doing that stuff like that, but like self punishment and verbal abuse inside your head. for what you're not doing good enough, we got to learn to rewire that behavior. And encourage ourselves, even for the small stuff, encourage ourselves, even when we mess up even when we make a mistake. So that's really important. All right, so we're gonna go into today's training. And for those of you wondering, so here's, here's some great data, my cost per lead for the the event that I did this weekend was 30%, higher than all of the other events that I've done. So it costs me almost $20 per lead to get people into that. That event. However, the amount of people that converted, what I'm sharing the screen and just clicked on that photo, let me stop sharing the screen here, though, they were good. So the amount of people who actually converted to join the five day event was exponentially higher than the previous three events that I ran. So what am I look at total ad spend? Total ad spend

[102:00] Speaker 1: to get them into my one day event, I was getting $12 before. And I got, I think it's like $19. So that's pretty, pretty big jump to get them into here.

[105:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: And our margins really didn't allow for that big of a jump.

[107:04] Speaker 0: But here's the crazy part, I let it ride.

[108:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: The amount of people who jumped into the five day event on my call to action

[110:07] Speaker 1: was as of right now 50%, higher than when I was getting leads at this price.

[113:13] Speaker 0: And so

[113:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: the reason why as I had more of these people at $12, a lead that were not qualified for my five day offer before, more of these people at $19, were qualified for my five day offer.

[117:31] Speaker 1: And they upgraded to VIP and all that. And so even though the cost per lead was higher,

[119:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: the action that they took at the end of it was actually 50% Higher. So the cost, still balanced out to around what I was expecting for people to get into that five day event. So that was what was really cool. Is that my overall cost? Let me let me do some quick

[124:22] Speaker 0: math here. Um

[127:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so it's about it was about $70 As of right now to get people into this, and I think by the time it's going to be done, it'll be about 50s into the five day event. Okay. And for me to make the profit that I need, it needs to be right between 70 and 50. Okay. But if this went up 30%, I was concerned that this number was going to go up to 120. And now we were like we're losing money on that. But the fact that we actually converted at the same 50 to 70, as we did $12 leads, but there were more of them at this is a good sign that the process is working, that we're honing our offer in better towards those that are actually going to become paid customers. And I would be willing to bet that a higher percentage of these people are actually going to come into the client growth accelerator as well, at the end of it. And the reason being is because they were more qualified here. They're more qualified here the offers more qualified. And so our cost per acquisition per client growth accelerator person was sitting right at 150 to $200

[148:53] Speaker 0: per member.

[149:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so and so what we have right now is we have a 10% in the client growth accelerator attrition rate. And so that means 10% of people who sign up, ask for their money back after 30 days. And then after about four months, or five months of doing this, people have still been paying, if they get past the first month, they're still paying their monthly. And so of that we're spending 150 to $200 to bring in right around 1800 and in sales right here and then that's not even including The high ticket which we're looking at currently right around 5%. on that. So 5% of that number means that if I bring in 30 people under the client growth accelerator 30 times we'll probably get to

[167:32] Speaker 0: high ticket

[168:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: 10 to 15k clients within the next three months out of that, off of this one campaign. And so the math is let's just look at on the low end, we're looking at 20,030 on that

[173:34] Speaker 1: 30 times 1800. Close to $85,000, in sales, off of a $3,500 ad spent. So even though my cost per lead went up 30% Our margins are crazy.

[180:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's a lot of room to even, like expand, increase our budget, stuff like that. That's the sweet spot that you guys want to get to with your offers. Earlier this year. When I was starting out,

[184:37] Speaker 0: we were seeing

[184:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: numbers that were closer to this, we'll spend 1500 on ads.

[186:37] Speaker 0: I'll bring in

[187:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: 2000 and sales. That's what I was getting in January, February and March of this

[188:50] Speaker 0: year. So now we've

[189:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: by testing by going through the process, have changed that to

[191:44] Speaker 1: just off of this 130 500 spent an estimated 80k in sales off of that. Okay,

[194:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: so our margins have increased dramatically. But here's the thing, I could get bent out of shape, oh, I put all this effort in and only made 500 bucks. Okay, now I want to talk about another campaign that I ran with Rick Pitino earlier this year, we spent $60,000 on ads, because we were getting numbers like this. I want to know what happened. It only brought in 20,000. In sales, he lost 40k in one week. And the reason being was we changed the offer. And it wasn't what people wanted that we were targeting, we were targeting a group of people that were extremely entitled.

[206:41] Speaker 1: They didn't want what we were selling. But here's the crazy part the lead cost

[208:35] Speaker 0: was $4 a lead.

[209:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So $4 a lead we were like let's let's throw a ton of money at it 60k In ad spend.

[211:26] Speaker 0: And at last 40k. Prior to

[212:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: that the month before, the lead cost was $17. A lead. We spent $10,000 at $17, a lead, made $50,000 in sales. Did that three times and that brought in a half a million dollars off of a 30k adspend. Okay, so lead cost is not always a good metric to know if you're targeting right? If it's going to work, well, you may have a low lead cost, but the quality of the person

[222:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: is is not who you want. The quality of the person is not going to be the result that you want. You may run a campaign where you lose money like that. And so that's where you want to get curious. That's where you want to ask the questions and say, Okay, what's wrong here? What can we change? Because I believe and I need y'all to believe this that every single one of you can have margins like this and margins like this and scale and make five to 10 to even all the way as high as Oh, what's that? What's that row as right there? 30 3500. That's more of an estimated row as I don't have an exact I'll actually tell you what my row as is on this year so far this year. I think it's close to I think we've spent 40,000 on ads so far this year for my business. And we brought in about 400,000 in sales off of that. So Row as about 10x. Big picture. Um, but that was because we we had, some of them were not even 2x before. So it's getting weighted in that way, I think we spent about 10 to 20,000. That was basically just a breakeven campaign. Okay, and then the other 20,000 was like, a big return. So 30, so 80k divided by 3500. That's a 22x row. So that's pretty good. Um, I mean, that's really good. You could, you can scale that I haven't even scaled this business yet. My baby is on the way in three to four weeks. So like, I'm just doing, I'm still more in survival mode. Still, right now we're gonna start scaling as soon as the baby comes. And I'm gonna go into a different schedule to and all that we know that a lot of stuffs going to change. But I know that our profit margins are actually going to be way higher next year. Because of all this, and so the biggest, the biggest thing that I want to share just as far as like, marketing don't get bent out of shape, when it doesn't produce the results that you wanted right away. Now, that's easier said than done. That's a big reason why is because we can get so attached to the desired outcome, that we built it up in our mind as like, Okay, I really like I really want to hit those numbers that Jeremiah is talking about, and then boom, you run the campaign doesn't produce the results you want. Now we can go into a cycle of depression a cycle of feeling like, we're not good enough, is this ever gonna work because it's going to work out for me. And here's the other flip side of that, then it makes it harder to launch your next campaign. And there's some of you who haven't launched yet. And you're like, I don't want to launch unless I can guarantee I get those type of returns. Both of those don't work. You need to realize that there is risk in this. That's why I say initially, don't spend more than you're willing to lose

[275:26] Speaker 0: 300

[276:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: to $500 on a campaign is a good ad spend. And you got to spend at least at least 300. So that was like one of the first things and I'm gonna I'm gonna go through. I mentioned two days ago, I had four recommendations for Sara Crockett, I was gonna hit her up later. Here's the thing after that call I did on Saturday, I took the rest of the day off. And then I spent the whole day yesterday at church and with my family. And so literally just relaxed, didn't make content didn't answer, anybody didn't do nothing. And so here's the here's what's funny. Just a side note to that I got a bunch of angry emails from people that were in my free event on Saturday, asking where the replay was, and I had one person tell me, you know, how do you expect us to think your professional business because you're not delivering the replays on like, the replays will be delivered 48 to 72 hours. So that's one side note of what I want to tell you is that people in your life, especially as a coach, mentor, trainer, consultant, might try to pressure you as far as your timelines go, and try to get you to deliver stuff faster. What's sustainable? Is you creating a timeline that's on your schedule.

[296:22] Speaker 0: And

[296:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, I said don't spend more than you're willing to lose. You want to do you want to deliver a timeline that's on your schedule, not be dictated by the timeline that people want you to do. Now, here's the crazy part when I started doing that, I'm gonna get back into this in a second but this is this is part of what I really want to teach you. Okay. Yeah, the YouTube the link was on YouTube, but a lot of people want to be coddled handhold it and refuse to go do the work themselves. Alright, I got three things now I gotta teach you

[307:28] Speaker 1: so let's so today's lessons we're going to be talking about is one millionaire boundaries. And you need to have the millionaire, you need to have millionaire boundaries

[312:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: before you become a millionaire, because you're gonna get there by having millionaire boundaries.

[314:10] Speaker 0: Number two, we're going to talk about how to serve your clients better. Right? And how to attract better clients. Based off your personal boundaries, and the number three we're going to talk about ad spend And, and managing

[321:59] Speaker 1: losing campaigns. And then we'll go into some q&a at the end of this as well. Okay.

[324:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're watching this right now and you're saying Jeremiah, I still don't know where my niches I don't know what niche to do, I don't know what to do again.

[326:31] Speaker 0: The podcast has an episode about that. Episode number 191. The members area

[330:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: has multiple lessons on this if you go to private virtual event vault

[332:19] Speaker 0: October

[333:00] Speaker 1: the training bubbles we have listed, I'm excited that you're here. This is going to October and September's training.

[335:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Starting your own coaching business, finding your niche, finding your niche training, those are really helpful. It's not going to serve anybody if I have four or five videos out there available to you to cover finding your niche still in our live trainings, okay. But I'd love to answer your questions if you've gone through those trainings. Okay. Remember, we're working through the six steps finding your niche next step is writing your offer copy. Okay, if you're stuck writing your offer copy again, the three main courses in the members area, irresistible offers that sell

[348:38] Speaker 0: copywriting mastery

[349:23] Speaker 1: and virtual event playbook.

[350:30] Speaker 0: Okay, those cover

[351:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you need to write your offer copy in detail. Then you go to build your funnel, we got funnel building Made Easy, I'm building that we got website building Made Easy, we got Stephens course on click funnels. You can ask questions in here about the funnel stuff, you can go post that in the group. Then step number four is promotion, Facebook ads, we got a number of people that are starting to promote with Facebook ads, some people getting results, some people not getting results. That's normal. Okay. And then you analyze the results. If you want to know how to run Facebook ads, and tick tock ads. The training I actually did this Saturday was really good to check out. It'll be in the private event vault. Later today. It will also be it's on YouTube. But this course Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners is very helpful. The number one question I get asked is how do you optimize the budget this training right here reporting and optimizing ads is all about how we find which ads optimize best. Okay, I need to upload the transcripts on this as well. We also have email marketing the fun way. In the members area here, I actually have the full lesson transcript right here

[374:45] Speaker 0: that you can read.

[375:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then this breaks down email marketing and how we actually write emails that that work and convert.

[377:35] Speaker 0: And then you got

[378:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: funnel building Made Easy, right here. We're in lesson number three of that foundations like in your domain name, setting up your email list, and VIP upsell. I broke that down, there was code that I referenced in it, and then we got the transcript before it as well. And I finally got the job forum URL working so you can import it into your own job form. Okay. So as far as where you're at on those stages, those trainings will help you here's something that I want to share. I have strategically designed this program currently to where it's at works best for me, and simultaneously serves everybody best. There is a number of people who are in the program that don't watch any of the trainings, they don't go through any of the content they don't post in the group. I'm not sure what they're doing. I think they might be waiting for me to show up at their front door to build their business for them. Um there's also a small group of you that won't go through any of the podcasts and will go through any of the trainings because you want me to send you a link of which one to go through. They're categorized based off of what you need. Based off of the six steps I have just told you which ones to go through. If you asked me to send you a link, I will if you could post in the group if you don't know where a link is, however, and this goes into number two, how do you attract and serve better clients by not toggling and hand holding people. Because I expect that if you're in this program, that you're a grown adult that can go do research yourself, log into a website and can be discipline yourself to go through a program, if you need me, to check in with you personally, to see if you're doing your work. And to explicitly tell you which lessons to watch. You're demonstrating a lack of personal responsibility. And you're demonstrating a lack of ability to guide yourself through the content, even though it is step by step, okay. Now, there are other trainers out there other mentors, where they build their whole business on hand holding people through every single step. Usually, they will handle you through what to say in your course. I do that inside of my courses. I don't do that in here. I don't I do it a little bit on the q&a, I'll guide you through it if you actually ask questions. But here's the thing, if you don't ask questions, if you don't post in the Facebook group, and you're waiting for me to personally approach you, to tell you what to do. That shows a lack of personal responsibility. It also shows possibly embarrassment, possibly fear, possibly worry. And that's why I really hone in on the mindset side of it, I don't want anybody to feel guilty for what they're not doing. See, that's the thing, when I start talking about this, people can start to feel guilty about what they're not doing. And then they don't show up. There are people who showed up for two months, and I haven't seen them for three months. And I would almost bet knowing their personality, they are embarrassed to tell me that they haven't made progress. So they are allowing that embarrassment to dictate their future. They're allowing that embarrassment of what they're not doing to dictate their future. Now, here's the thing. I work as good as I can to help support everybody in this program. But if people are going to allow their feelings, to determine their motivation to go through a training, if they're going to allow their feelings to determine their capability, I can only serve you up to how much you show up to the table in a program like this. Okay, for $166 a month. Now we're raising the price to it this month for new members. When we open the doors next month, for $166 a month, the amount of interaction that you do get I think is incredible and insane. If you want more personal hand holding, that's where I offer one on one coaching. And that's why we had a number of people buy one on one coaching and I love that once you have a one on one coaching now you have the ability to direct message me. I will respond back with Voice Memos give you that I kind of added that without telling anybody. All my one on one clients get basically it's, I don't use Voxer. I use Facebook Messenger. And I'll Voice Memo all my one on one clients. But here's the thing. I have one on one clients I haven't heard from in two years. And they haven't done anything. And they stand to have a package of like 10 sessions with me still, again, embarrassment or they're waiting for me to show up to see how they're doing. Again. I need people if you expect to be a 20 to $40,000 a year, a month business owner, you're going to have to grow out of the kindergarten behavior of waiting for your teacher to recognize you have waiting for your teacher to come show up and say hey, I hope you're doing good do you need help? Now I am starting to do that. But as this grows it will literally be impossible in the client growth accelerator and even with my one on one clients to do that. I have over 101 on one clients over the years. Talk to 100 Like I don't I might message them once a month if I haven't heard from them but there's a couple people I've just stopped reaching out because it's not doing anything. And and to be honest. This is my methodology of attracting better clients. Because I refuse to get into a co dependent relationship with my clients. to where their success is dependent on if I show up and do what they want, or do what they need. And that's an important distinction for you. You can do that with 10 clients easy, all day long. You can be codependent with 20 people, once you get 31 I 140 51 on one clients, I had 51 on one clients two years ago. Once you get to that point, it's impossible to be codependent with everybody. Now a good leader does create opportunities for people to show up. But if somebody is not showing up, and not asking for help, and I note like, if you're somebody who's sitting there saying, I'm struggling with this, I just wish Jeremiah would show me what to do. I don't know what to do, I don't know where to start, I'm stuck. And that and that's you and like, that's on you. Okay, that's on you, that you are not willing or capable to show up beyond that level, as a client, that you are expecting me to do more, to care more about your goals than you do. I can't care more about your goals as a client than you do. And that's really what it is. So I'm willing to meet you halfway. But you got to meet me halfway. All right. And so it doesn't mean you got to be on every call, it doesn't mean you got to watch every training, it doesn't mean you got to do that. But you've got to also develop and I think I think that's a big thing is that we're going to we're going to go into going into the new year, I'm mapping out what our future courses are. I'm going to be doing a sales course the Communications course, how to teach well how to be a good teacher, how to because lobular asked me that, like Jeremiah, how do you teach your content? So well? How do you sell so well on camera, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna make two courses about those two topics. But I'm also probably going to be going into prioritization time management, how do you manage your time to show up, and what it is, is it's disciplining yourself to do the little things every single day, I only got 15 minutes a day to go through your courses, great. Block out 15 minutes at a time that you know that you can to listen to a course training mark where it was show up the next day to do that. If you find yourself incapable of staying consistent with yourself, that's a sign that we need to work on with the internal game. That's all a sign of all of this behavior, if you're not showing up at least halfway, and prioritizing and making a schedule of going through training, and then applying what you're learning because I don't want you to just go through training and not do anything. You want to go through training and then apply it while you're going through it. And you want to only learn what you need to if you're if you're if you're obsessing over learning Facebook ads and you don't have your copy written. You're you're you're you're doing, it's not going to work. You're gonna get very overwhelmed. You can't run a Facebook ads without knowing your offer copy

[530:44] Speaker 1: without having a landing page to send people to Okay. And so, too, I want to flip that back on you guys.

[533:23] Speaker 1: In the beginning, when I started my business, every client I had was codependent with me.

[535:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I would get hate mail as to how disrespectful dishonorable What a piece of Shi T I was as a coach, because I wasn't showing up and caring more about their goals than they did. Because I was setting those expectations in the beginning, that I'm going to be there to coddle their emotions, and to show up with more intention than they do. Because that's what I was raised. And that's what I was trained to do for safety and security. I had to make sure to manage Mommy and Daddy's emotions. My mom and I have had multiple talks through tears about this,

[546:41] Speaker 0: that growing up

[547:19] Speaker 1: in my household. If mom and dad weren't happy, I was going to get hurt physically.

[550:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, and emotionally and might not even eat that night, and a lot of stuff. And so that created behavior in me that taught me that you need to show up with 100% for everybody's relationship, how many of y'all know like relationships or 100 100 in my marriage, I need to show up with 100% and then we bring that into business and I'm showing up at 100% and my clients are showing up at 10%. And as I started to show up at the level that they would show up at I I get lots of angry emails about how, hey, you're not serving me the way that I expected. You're not in it with me the way that you sold me in the beginning. And to be, to be fair to them, I wasn't.

[564:21] Speaker 0: That's the truth.

[564:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: To be fair to them, I sold them on an impossible to manage expectation. And no wonder I lost those clients. What I've begun to do now is is set my expectation bar so high, that if you're not willing to at least show up at that level, I can't work with you. I can't help you. My expectation bar is that high that it is impossible for me to help give you bring you results. And what I've identified is that the people who expect me to do that never succeed. Because even when I coddled them, I tested it out, they still didn't do the work, they still didn't launch their campaigns. And then when they did, this got really nasty. They blamed me and wanted me to compensate them for their lost adspend. And they came after me with hellfire and fury and hatred for the fact that when I told them didn't produce the results that they expected, and so I became liable for their results.

[582:51] Speaker 0: And they would I had

[584:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: some nasty encounters with people. say the least, I don't want to rehash that, because honestly, it takes me into a really negative place to rehash that. Joey knows what I'm talking about. And so like, for me, I said, You know what, no more, I'm not going to attract those clients. And this, and this got really hard. And I started changing my relationship with my existing clients. And I would get phone calls and complaints and emails, hey, you're not showing up the way that you were before what's going on, I said, Hey, here's the response I gave. As my business is growing, my availability is starting to shrink, and my rates are going up to serve you at the same rate that you came in at, because these are all grandfathered people in. These are people that were only paying $200 a session for coaching.

[598:39] Speaker 0: These are only people that were paying

[599:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: $1,000 a month for me to run their Facebook ads. Okay, now I've got clients that are paying me 10,000 20,000 a month to run their Facebook ads, those clients have less expectation to me than the ones that were paying 1000. But I told those people for me to not increase your rate and to still serve you, my availability is decreasing. So you can either choose to no longer work with me, or to realize that you are going to get less of a service from me. But the same service that you're getting is what I'm really good at, which is copywriting running your ads. And that and 80% of those people really loved it and about 20% were just so angry. I was the most unethical, crooked business owner on the planet Earth for for doing that. And just I was destroying their life. Some people told me one person told me that I was destroying 70 years of a legacy that was built. This was a Christian college that I was working with. By not being codependent but that what ended up happening was, I started attracting better clients because of those expectations. I immediately tripled my rates from that point. 300 an hour, 400 an hour 600 An hour. My sweet spot ended up right at a for about two years at 450 an hour.

[623:40] Speaker 1: That was a sweet spot for me. I would say that your sweet spot for one on one. Even if you don't have a huge track record.

[625:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're doing one on one, you need to charge at least 400 to 600 an hour. For one on one. What does that break down to? Well, that breaks down to a seven figure income. And so but those clients were the best one on one clients that I had. Then I started expanding out serving more people in the group coaching setting, raising those rates. Here's what's interesting. There's some people that got grandfathered in at $80 a month into this program. Almost none of them very few of them actually show up to any of the sessions. And a small percentage of those that pay 166 don't even show up so I need to raise my rates because people are not valuing what they have available. I'm still attracting low hanging client That's, that are not the best people. Now those of y'all that are taking advantage of it, you're getting an insane deal, which is awesome. And I'm glad you're here. And I hope that the rest of y'all a start taking advantage of it, or go write me a scathing email as to how horrible you think I am. Please go ahead. Go write me a scathing email as to as to how I'm not measuring ringing up to your expectations, because I'd love to make that a teachable moment for you in a nice kind way. And I'll probably turn it into like 10 podcast episodes, if you do. That'd be great. I won't reference you by name. But it'll be a teachable moment. You'll notice I don't reference people by name. Well, except for that college that I worked with, they had some they had like 500 staff members, half of them were a dream, they were great. The other half was just like nuts. So none of those people work there anymore. Um, but what I started doing, though, is attracting better clients by having boundaries. So you need to have those millionaire boundaries to where you're not willing to even show up below a certain level. Did y'all see I don't know if y'all saw it on my Facebook, how many people got angry at my post that says, I don't even DM someone for less than 30,000. Because currently on my website is listed $30,000 for one on one coaching. And so if you're not a current one on one client with me, I will not respond to your direct messages for less than that. Now. There's, there's some members of Congress because already y'all message me and stuff like that. Like, if y'all want to send me something real quick to look at, I'm just not gonna go into like coaching and send you like multiple, like Voice Memos back and forth through the DM, but I'll be like, hey, great, like, that's awesome. You know, I would rather y'all posted in the group, though, because it's gonna help the community, it's actually better that it's in the group because it helps everybody grow, and you guys post your wins your losses, what you're going through, okay? So you gotta, you gotta have that. And listen, I had a number of people tell me just how arrogant I was for saying 30,000 For a direct message, people were like, there's more to life than money. You're, you're a terrible human being for saying that. I'm just all kinds of stuff. And the truth is, I'm like, Listen, I don't obviously don't charge my family to talk to me, I don't charge my friends. I don't like people at church. But like in business, I don't show up. The other thing I says, I don't show up to places where I'm not being paid. In business. In the beginning, you might have to show up to places you're not being paid. And I get that, I did that for years. I did that for 19 years on and off. As my income went up a few times, I didn't

[687:19] Speaker 0: 2018.

[687:54] Speaker 1: Left, left, my mom's business started, this one had to show up for some people, for less than I wanted to be paid. To build that those case studies to build that. I was struggling, though, if people aren't paying you, they, they act very entitled.

[693:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's why my five day events next year are going to cost money, they're not going to be free. I'm not going to market them for free. I'll do free webinars, there'll be automated with no q&a Next year, that will then lead you to a paid five day event with me. That's the model that I'm getting to. But I'm not at that point yet, because we're still optimizing the budget that I was talking about, okay. But you have to have in your mind, what's your next level that you're going to, and what's your boundary to where you are, what's your non negotiables that you don't want to work with. So I want you to think about all of your nightmare clients that you want to avoid all of the nightmare people that you don't want to work with. And then I want you to think of what are some boundaries that you can put in place to where they will never get past them. For me, price was a big one. But what I've also found because I'm working with a wide range of people in the coaching and course business, your niche might not be this way. But mine is that the faster I can piss somebody off the better clients I attract. The faster I can make you uncomfortable with me and not want to listen to me and I learned this I learned this from my mom. The faster that I can make you not want to be in my space because you're outside of that boundary, the better off everybody is. So for instance I posted today on my social media, something

[719:55] Speaker 0: you're As this name

[720:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: is the least important thing. When starting your business, your domain name is the second least important. I meet people that are stuck for years deciding them pick something and it's literally doesn't. Gosh, I didn't even spell that right, I must have been. So like, so like right here, that's the thing. I don't even like, fixed by misspellings. A lot of times, I don't even know what I was saying literally doesn't matter. I don't even fix those misspellings. Because if somebody loses trust in me, and my credibility is destroyed, because I misspelled something, they're probably not going to be a good client. I had somebody on my Facebook over here

[735:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: telling me, hey, this post isn't landing, maybe you need to stop talking about yourself so much. Um, you misspelled it, you're probably not gonna get any clients. I'm like, we're doing pretty good. I said, truth is I don't really care what anybody thinks. And she's like, Well, clearly, you know, like, yep, that's good. Like, so like, for instance, the more that yeah, or the guy who called me a prat because of my hat on backwards. So I'm literally now I'm, I've started to want to record all my ads and content with my hat on backwards, I almost thought about making that part of my branding more and more.

[744:49] Speaker 0: Because it repels

[746:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: this personality that thinks that you got to be all perfectly organized to be successful. It repels the personality that thinks that everything has to be perfect in order for it to work. And those that are judgmental, and perfectionistic. So I figure out boundaries based off of the judgment of people that don't become clients. Now, here's something that I also did figure out though. People that are perfectionistic don't always equate to who's not a good client, for me. So I don't want to repel all of them. It's more the judgmental ones. Like a judge. It's more like a judgmental perfectionist, that, in their mind, I lose credibility because I'm not perfect. But if you are a perfectionist, join my space, I will help you succeed. Because I have worked with a number of perfectionist before and I am a recovering perfectionist. So I'm starting to adjust. Okay, maybe I'll bring that boundary down about protectionists. But I'm gonna raise the boundary of those that say that me wearing my hat on backwards lowers my credibility and proves that I'm an idiot, more and more. And I'm going to shift my boundary closer to who is actually becoming a paid client. So you're going to actually adjust your boundaries in your business, it's part of your targeting. It's part of your advertising methodology, to actually express how you're willing to show up with people and what you're not willing to do to express those boundaries very clearly, even to the point that it might offend people. So that's why on this, this attracted, my lead cost was higher $19 a lead, but it attracted much better people. None of them were ecommerce business owners, none of them were agency business owners. None of them were network marketers. And none of them were what I call a ruthless perfectionist, I'll probably change that to say just a judge a judgy perfection. And specifically, course creators, mentors and trainers, this little tag at the top of your landing page is starting to be really valuable with the algorithm. And I'm noticing every single offer that I'm going through, has a tag above their title that mentions who it's for now. A lot of the top marketers that I'm looking at, have this tag at the top that mentioned to it's for because the algorithm will qualify and disqualify them much better from the get go to mention who your offer is actually for above the fold before they even get further down. Because this title get more clients with paid video advertising could apply to network marketers, e commerce and marketing agencies. But those people never become parts of the client growth accelerator. So I don't want them signing up for my program. I don't want the algorithm attracting agency owners network marketers or ecommerce business owners. So I made sure to disqualify them from the get go by doing that, and so that's very important to set up your boundaries instead of how you're doing that. Like for instance, okay, I'm going to start taking more of my photoshoots with my hat on backwards. Starting next month, and more of my marketing is going to have that this t shirt, you know, something like this more like fun like comic book video game T shirts, because honestly, like, that's my personality. And I know that y'all like, don't care. But there's a whole group and segment of the marketplace that literally wants nothing to do with me, because I might wear a tie dye Einstein t shirt. And so I'm not going to try to win them over, I'm not going to try to convince them. So I use different things to kind of turn off people and repel them from even opting into my offers. And then when I do the offer, especially if it's free, if it's free, I get a lot bolder with what I'm saying, on the free offers. Because I'm trying to repel people who don't like my personality. I'm trying to repel people who don't like how I communicate, you don't like how I talk, if you're more of a softer personality, lean more into that, I would say a little bit. Now on your ads, I will say very timid, scared sounding ads don't convert. You do want to sound like you're somebody who's excited about what you're talking about. That's a non negotiable, you do need to sound like you're at least excited about it. I want you to think about when you do your presentations, when you do your video ads, when you do your trainings, or you do sales calls, where the wolf by Jordan Belfort such a great book, when you do sales calls, I want you to imagine the energy that you have when you're out with your best friend, talking about the happiest thing that ever happened to you in your life. I want you to think about that right now. I've never taught this this way before. And I'm so excited that I'm finally getting the words to say it.

[832:51] Speaker 0: Sorry, I,

[833:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I get frustrated because sometimes I have concepts that I don't know how to teach. And then I get like sparks of inspiration, I want you to think about like when you're out with your loved ones. When you're at Thanksgiving dinner, you're at Christmas and you're with like your favorite family member, you're with your favorite best friend, not the one that you're fighting with, not the one that you're you kind of don't want to spend time with, right, but the one that like, like you could confide in them. And now imagine that you just got a promotion at a job that is paying you three times as much. Your your your kid graduated, like I want you to think about something in your life, like some exciting thing. You just bought a new car, like a lot of people like, like, think about how excited you get when you just buy a new car, I think everybody has that common experience, buying a new car, okay. And you're telling your best friend, that's the energy that you want to show up with in your ads and your presentations. As like that you're telling your best friend that you just bought a new car. That much excitement, because you know that they're not going to judge you. They're not going to tell you that you did something wrong. They're not going to be critical. And you're just excited to share your excitement. And they're excited to hear it. So that when you show up in your content and your messaging and your marketing in your ads with that energy, it attracts people. And maybe there's some of you that are on here that you've never felt excited that much in five to 10 years. Maybe you've never had anything to be excited about to tell anybody. First up, I want to say my I feel for you. Because I know that there's people I've talked to talk to people. They're like, I haven't felt excited about anything in 15 years. I'm like,

[865:16] Speaker 0: I feel excited.

[866:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Every time I like walk out my front door and you're not feeling this feeling that I feel every single day for 15 years.

[869:24] Speaker 1: You want to cultivate more fun in your life. You want to cultivate more play in your life.

[871:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to cultivate more fun experiences. I want you to think about if you could do whatever you wanted to do and you just threw aside all obligations and responsibilities that you should do every single day and you had your entire to do list and I want you to go with me and visualize this as an exercise. If you had everything done for the day

[880:29] Speaker 1: And you had nothing, nothing on your to do list? What would you do with that time. And I want you to go do that at least once a week as part of your business growth

[885:41] Speaker 0: or once a month even,

[886:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: like somebody's always saying to shopping, hiking, well, if you're going once a week shopping, you might go broke. So let's be careful there. But go shopping once a week, like once a month or once a quarter, even if you're paying off debt, and you're like, I gave myself time, even while we were paying off debt, at least once a quarter, I would go out and I would go buy three video games that I knew I probably wasn't going to play. But like it got me into that, like, you know, that mode and I'll play it a little bit and I would go do something fun. And I would go play play a little bit of that video game. Like I always buy the new Madden every time it comes out. And I play it for like at least two weeks. And then I probably don't play it at all. But it's that excitement of doing that. You know, I bought a couple of VR games during Black Friday. I maybe played them for like an hour so far. But it was that excitement of doing some of that fun stuff. And so, actually, shopping therapy kind of ties into that, because I want you to think about this. You want to bring that excitement into your offers, because you're asking somebody to spend money with you. And so that same excitement of doing that you're imparting that to people, when you make an offer. you're imparting that excitement to people. When you make an offer. I could give my car dealership mechanic and decent sized package to Chipotle chips. They were so excited. Yeah, there you go. See, all y'all are you got an individual things in your life that you're dealing with, that makes you excited that you're working on that you're paying off that you're doing stuff, but I want you in the middle of the discipline that you're doing, to do fun stuff. Because that's gonna then motivate you when it comes time to you building your landing pages launching your ads, to have more sparks of creativity because those sparks come from the childlike activity of having

[917:19] Speaker 1: fun. Okay. Now, the last thing I'm gonna say about managing your ad spend when you have a losing campaign, again, I've had losing campaigns. My clients have had losing campaigns.

[921:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: My worst losing campaign, oh, man, this one's this is going to be telling, I lost my mom 100k in a week. She was not happy

[924:07] Speaker 2: at all.

[924:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was actually the month before I stopped working with her. Back in 2018. She was like, I think you need some time off. And so I'm like, no, like, I'm good. But like it was it was good. I had to work through some stuff.

[929:11] Speaker 0: 100k.

[929:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: And y'all know, it didn't break her because she had that to lose. I mean, let's, I'm gonna be honest, she did have it to lose, it didn't break her business. That's why I say don't spend more than you can lose when when Rick lost the 40k. He had that to lose. It was painful. But he had that to lose. It didn't break his company. We ran a campaign with Joshua, I think it actually I don't think any of the stuff we don't Josh was lost anything. But he broke even. But he might have lost maybe 8k and the service providers that he paid to do it. But he could lose that 10k Because the month before he had brought in 150 so that budget you think about that? How much can you lose without it breaking you. Now here's the big thing.

[943:05] Speaker 0: You're going to lose money

[943:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: in your business and you're going to make money. It's an up and down thing. My mom teaches this a lot with her stock market community because you'll be down 10% One day you'll be up 10% Another I logged into my stock trading account last week and I was down $700 Then I was up 1000 Next day I'm up 150. Today learning to not allow your emotions to be attached to how things perform is a superpower in business. And so that's why I say don't invest what you can't lose. Whatever you put into ads, you want them to be set aside to where if I lose this all I'm going to be okay. And I will recover from this. And then I will evaluate what didn't work and you'll bring that to the table and we'll talk about that. We'll go over it. We'll look at why didn't this work out I'm excited. Like I said, Sara Sara Crockett. She's not on the call anymore, but I'm gonna go over and comment back to her later today, I can't, I put it off to comment back to her, even though I said I was going to. And that was actually an act of me. Being okay with doing what was best for my business and my community was just I needed to take a day off after that three hour session that I did. So even though I said, Hey, I'll respond back on Saturday, I didn't, I took a day off. I'm not feeling guilty for the fact that I didn't do what I told Sarah, I was going to do. Sarah, I thank you for your patience, I apologize. But I will be giving you the best of me today by actually setting that boundary. And that's the thing that I wanted to say to you is that we can actually give the best of ourselves by setting a boundary by not allowing

[976:04] Speaker 1: other people's disappointment in us to dictate what we do and our emotions. Well, if you have ever worked in a service based business, if you tell your boss is going to be done on Friday, and it's not, you get fired.

[981:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if you do that, more times, you get fired. If you're an agency owner, and you're doing a service based business, you will lose the contract. Okay, so you don't want to like do it all the time where you're over promising under delivering. I over promised to Sarah just a little bit. I'm gonna literally comment that to her, I over promised to you.

[987:59] Speaker 0: Thank you for your patience. I'm sorry for not

[989:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: fulfilling what I said. But in the past, I would beat myself up for it for the whole the whole weekend. My, my, um, my inner critic, I would be so angry and I would run away from

[993:08] Speaker 0: now. I'm like, Okay,

[994:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I told her I was gonna respond on Saturday. I gotta get it done today. But I had to record my content and podcast this morning. Now I got this call with you guys. So I'm going to do it this afternoon. So a big part of your millionaire boundaries is setting how you're willing to show up with people and but ultimately making yourself the top priority. And that's one of the biggest things is I will serve my clients with integrity. But there will be times where I dropped the ball. To expect that we will never drop the ball is not realistic. If we notice that we're dropping the ball three or four times in the same area. Now we got to look at how can I change expectations in the future? Or what systems do I need to implement change this, right? Okay. It's either a system or you got to change the expectations. So only two things if you notice, you are continuously dropping the ball in the same area, you got to figure out a system but one thing that stops a lot of business owners in their tracks from working the six steps is they have this standard of I will never drop a ball ever, ever, ever, ever ever. So they don't even launch out of fear of the consequences of dropping balls. Okay, and so a you got to give yourself some grace, you got to give yourself some like realize like we're not perfect. Nobody's going to be perfect. There is no business that is perfect. Elon Musk announced that he was going to release the Twitter files didn't for two hours if you if if you have a judgment against people who say one thing and do another this is this is a bit of nuanced conversation. I'm gonna talk more about this on my social media. Because here's the thing, if you're constantly saying you're gonna do something and doing another, you're a liar, like literally like you become a liar. Like if I'm telling you that I'm gonna like, I'm gonna like help you and then I'm not. If I told you I'm going to show up at 11am for these calls, and I'm consistently not like I'm I'm I something's wrong there. Don't do that consistently. But and Gary Vee said this a lot, you need to actually be willing to drop balls about 20% of the time to fulfill the 80% of where you're going. Because sometimes with momentum, you're gonna drop a few balls and then you'll set up a system to pick it up. And so that's important to be willing to do and to be okay with in your own business and work on the inner game as to as to what you need to work on to become okay with that internally inside of yourself. You're going to serve more people better and your income is going to actually go up by doing that. Okay. All right.

[1039:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know Bernice, you've been waiting patiently for have to ask a question. So let me

[1040:45] Speaker 3: take your questions. Thanks so much for training. It's awesome. Okay, question. This first one, I have two questions. First one is in the vault. Where would I find the so one of my gaps is in my email sequence going from like, the daily updates to like myself for my product? What where do I find that training for like going into selling my product with email and how to actually pitch that

[1048:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: the virtual event playbook?

[1049:24] Speaker 3: Okay, I reviewed it, but I don't know like to me, it wasn't like enough. Did

[1051:04] Speaker 1: you go through what to say? Uh huh.

[1052:01] Speaker 3: I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go through it again, though. Okay, so

[1052:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: read through the follow up. No, that's good that you're saying this, because here's what I would love to know, is, specifically, um, this is great. Because I want to add another lesson that like, solves this, I need to add another lesson about making it Evergreen. And then I need to add one for this. So like, specifically, let's get more specific as to what you're needing more help with?

[1059:20] Speaker 3: Okay, I will do that. As soon as we're done. And I'm going to post it in the group this, this ties into my second question. So you know, I understand like this list, I also want to continue to just like build relationships. So in terms of like, content and email sequence, after that, you're not just only for my next thing, like, any ideas on

[1065:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that this course right here that I'm making right now.

[1066:23] Speaker 3: Thank you. We're on the same page.

[1066:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, yeah, a lot of that is going to come out in this course. Okay, perfect.

[1067:54] Speaker 3: Awesome. Okay. My last question is, I'm doing I'm starting my Facebook ads for my next event. On Thursday, my ad spend, I've I'm very, I have some funds to like really spend on my ad spend. And I know, I'm just willing to put it out there and not have expectations of like fear about losing money, because I know I'm in the right direction. My next ad spend is $1,200. Okay, but I'm only going to have seven days to run my ads because I was wondering to Christmas, so that's okay. Okay, I'm not going to do a 40 virtual event I'm going to

[1077:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: do I did mine for four days for this last one.

[1078:41] Speaker 3: Oh, really? Okay. Oh, there holy house. Okay, so I'm going to start on Thursday, but it's going to be a two day virtual event called the conflict solution. And it's more about how to have like courageous confrontational conversations. Okay, so I'm not going to be I'm not going to be afraid then. And I'll just do my dailies

[1083:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: out a budget of 1200. Yeah, you'll be fine. Okay, cool. Thank you. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. And back to your first question about, like, what to say like, what do you transition from the daily reminders in the sale? Here's what I would say. Borrow some of my emails. First off, that's one of the biggest things that I taught in the first lesson of the email.

[1090:29] Speaker 0: The email thing

[1091:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: was borrow my emails, get us build a swipe file. Okay, cool. We want to build a swipe file of, of people who? Oh, it's fine. Sherilyn no worries. You want to build a swipe file of emails from multiple marketers. So I sign up, I have a Gmail account, where I sign up on everybody's emails. And then I literally sign up for their offers, and I see their sequences. That's literally one of the biggest unlocks for email marketing is just getting on a bunch of people's email lists. And then seeing their offers because then you're also going to find they have offers they only send to their list. I found one of my competitors, I was only signing up on what he was doing on his ads. And he literally had an offer that was identical to what mine was that he only sent his list. And I was able to pull, I would say some of the million dollar copy, I rewrote some of his a little bit. I pulled it from going through his sequence from the email. It was this line right here. For this landing page. Once you've implemented everything you can expect to bring in more sales impact and help more people serve and while your clients watch the results you've dreamed up, start leveling up, get better results and make way for sales make way more sales of paid ads at a lower cost. So the idea was this was actually missing from my sales page. I got it from his email Funnel Hacking his offer and then I rewrote it to match my clientele. So like you could rewrite some of this stuff to match your clientele or have Jasper do that. Awesome. And then take my emails that I send out and borrow those as well. So that Email marketing the fun way course. The reason I call it as a lot of people really like cringe when it comes to email and how often not to send it. So I want to make it fun for you all. And and the first lesson I'm telling you all if you haven't gone through the first lesson of that it's going to unlock a lot of things for you about email, get on some email lists and build a swipe file. So

[1125:59] Speaker 0: all right, I'm Carmen Hey there. I have a question. And I don't know if it's in one of the videos, and I can't find it or about working with Jasper more. What questions do I ask Jasper? And why? Yeah.

[1134:19] Speaker 0: Okay. Um, can you be more specific pain points. pain points for what the pain points for? Why? Why the people that are wanting to take my course. Okay. Oh.

[1141:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you gone through the copywriting Mastery Course? Copywriting mastery. Okay. So this is all about connecting emotionally with your prospect. All about pain points. Okay. practicing how to frame words addressing objections. This is almost this whole class is really about pain points.

[1146:40] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah. Good. And so what? You can just say, ask jesperi I like anything? Yeah. Okay.

[1150:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's really cool. If you're in boss mode, you can ask it anything? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we came up with a script this week that I need to upload that actually writes your video ads scripts for you.

[1153:56] Speaker 1: It's a recipe that I'm going to create later this week. We created it on the fly in the free training on Saturday.

[1156:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Where it essentially takes the questions, the four step questions of like, that's in the TIC tock and Facebook ads course and it reframes it as Jasper questions to write a script for your video ads. And it literally wrote it exactly how I would write it. It was amazing. So that will be awesome for you guys, because you literally would just read the script and say it. Um, yeah, the hero's journey. That's another that's another part of that that I will need to do. I will need to do a whole lesson on eBay about the hero's journey. Script. Um, haven't quite landed on how I want to do that one yet. So, but I use the hero's journey framework, I basically take it run it through the hero's journey, and identify which fictional characters align with the offer itself. So all right. Anybody else have any other questions before we log off today? Again, this is our training day. Usually we get to q&a. A little bit here at the end here. So I know some people logged off. I'm actually sending if you got some questions, I am here to answer them for you. Let's for the next 20 minutes here.

[1182:07] Speaker 4: Deborah so I did a thing. I for Black Friday, I was like scouting out like the different platforms to put your educational, like classes out and stuff like that. And I decided to go with something called passion that I owe, because they are an app. Great platform. And I want what's that great platform? I got a thumbs up. Okay, excellent. And I want my people to be able to go in and just push a button because I'm going to do the believers tap thing about, you know, national freedom. You know, mixed. Yeah, net. Well, that way, all they do is have to tap the app go in, and if they're feeling overwhelmed, they just push that button if they feel stressed out, more or less same as overwhelmed, but you mean maybe they can't sleep or something like that. So yeah, um, that's the thing that I did. And I I got it. Because when I studied all the different platforms to how it was the courses, it looked like they had something equivalent plus the app portion. So I just wanted to share that well,

[1203:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: there. I've never, I've never used them. But I know people that have and they've really loved it. So I'm the, the marketing. The marketing director for Jasper is also the marketing director for them. So he works. Yeah, so he works for them. I think they're a cool platform,

[1210:14] Speaker 4: maybe if I haven't

[1210:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: used them, but yeah, for the features you need. It is 297 a month. For that. Um, I again, I haven't used them. So I don't teach stuff I haven't used but if you want to play around with it, it's great. All the same rules of marketing apply. So

[1215:27] Speaker 4: well, I got the deal where if I paid, you know, I like my 0% credit cards. So if I paid up front, I was paying like 79 a month for the 297 deal. So I like deals, as you know. So I got in on that. But when it comes to their their whole lineup is very similar to what everything you're saying they're saying to you. So it's like, it's very helpful. Me as a big picture persons like, all this stuff is starting to make sense. This is how you operate online. This is how you function online. So but I wanted to get your take, because I have 30 days if you if you came on said oh man, Deborah, you really like that's not a good platform? I would, I would take your words very seriously at this point in my life.

[1230:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's the thing, I've never used it, but I've heard really good things about them. I I tried to get Rick to use them three or four times.

[1232:38] Speaker 0: So personally, because of the

[1234:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: price, I would if you don't have like I would I like think effects a little bit

[1236:12] Speaker 1: cheaper, and I think easier to set up. But again, I recommend what I recommend.

[1238:37] Speaker 4: Right? The other thing, what you know,

[1239:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can you can use any of these different platforms, but what I teach applies to all of them. Because this is kind of a niche that I'm finding that I'm even honing in on is client and customer and coach II mentee acquisition like how do you find a mentee through a Facebook ad and get them to become a client of yours? The platforms you use can be fluid, you can do it in person like Dana, you can do it on an app like Deborah, you could do it on Thinkific like I do, you could do it on Kajabi like Rick and still the customer acquisition process is identical. So

[1248:48] Speaker 4: identical. My wife one my one question I have is

[1250:29] Speaker 0: I hear myself echoing

[1251:14] Speaker 4: My question is another question. But um, it's like I can understand in the business world, like how you're helping people and how you're able to say like, I'm worth this much money, I understand that I don't have a problem with that. How does that translate over to like ministry? And like what I'm doing for believers? really hard for me this isn't really hard. Well, rich that I'm crossing or

[1259:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: below. You don't say it the way that I'm saying it. You hear me? Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Okay? You don't say it the way that I say it. But you don't give any attention to the people that bring attention to it. So the people that bring attention to and complain about you charging

[1266:59] Speaker 1: you literally don't give them attention. You create free resources for them. I have free resources by the way. So I like

[1270:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're angry at me that I'm charging you know it's like but you don't even just pay it any attention. You don't even respond back to it. Okay, you don't need to go into the biblical back and forth freely shall you give for like all that crap. You just,

[1275:37] Speaker 4: it's a hard bridge cross. It is and I've served like I've been in ministry for many years. And I you know, we even had camp at our house and we didn't even charge people. So I'm crossing a really hard bridge. And my husband who is also a Business, he really appreciate some of the stuff that you'd say. I'm like, well, Jeremiah, so listen to sounds just like you. Yeah, it's great. Yeah. And he helped.

[1282:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, I think with what we did with with Georgian and with Rick and with Joshua are a good example of that. They don't even acknowledge the rhetoric, hundreds of hate messages

[1287:41] Speaker 4: and emails. Okay. Just

[1288:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have read them all. And they are very mean. Okay. And the phone. Yeah, here's the thing.

[1291:32] Speaker 4: That needs exactly what they're giving. And

[1292:56] Speaker 1: that I know that Rick and Joshua and Georgie and have gotten people telling them and rebuking them so and they don't, they're nice. They're sweet. They're kind but they don't pay heed, or attention to

[1297:15] Speaker 0: those people. Okay. So,

[1297:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's more about adorable. Okay, sweet and saying, you know, hey, thanks for checking this out. This is free. This is awesome. Have a good one. Well, you're about to die. You're this this this? Hey, you're entitled to your opinion. Have a good one.

[1302:45] Speaker 0: Right.

[1303:00] Speaker 3: Yep. Okay.

[1303:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Yeah, Rick actually taught me because I wanted to go back and comment as him back to people and he's like,

[1305:35] Speaker 4: Nope, no comment. Not worth it. Thank you, at all. So,

[1307:50] Speaker 0: um, all right, Dana. Hello, how are you? I'm okay. All right, and

[1310:40] Speaker 5: hanging in there. So as you know, on day three, last week of my three day event, I had my loss of my I'm so sorry. Thank you. So I still did day three, I did the best I could. I think I had two people on live. My group has 50 members. But that did not all come from paid advertising. We decline this phone call on my computer. It came from invites to people that know me as well. I think probably I think 39 came from our paid ads with the journal and helped me with no VIPs even when I slashed it to $7. And I told them that I would give them a bonus day tomorrow, same time at noon. So I kept that consistent. And from your virtual event playbook course that I did, you know, finish day three, I want to recap what I did on days one and two, correct. And then sell them on my six week event or my six week program. And I'm just I don't know, I'm just I'm just not sure that I'm selling. Well. Does that sound weird?

[1331:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, if you only having two out of 40 people, you're only having two people show up? Yeah. That means so we got to think of it more of like, a 40. People imagine like 40 dots. And I imagine this almost like a like a classroom of 40 people who enrolled in the class and only two showed up and think about that more even in, in. In person even. Hmm, yes, yes. Now what I want you to figure out is what do those did you have the entry questions where they asked to answer like what they're struggling with?

[1342:56] Speaker 5: I did and at the very first day, I had accidentally set up as admin so it was letting people in so I missed maybe like six people. And then I wrote down all the answers how do

[1346:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: those answers differ from your offer?

[1347:51] Speaker 5: Okay, I will look at I will look at that more. I made it I made a note of them and like organized it

[1349:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you'll you'll want to really lean into those answers a lot. Okay, and then you'll want to look at what are the questions that are coming from these two people. Okay,

[1352:36] Speaker 5: I feel like the questions don't vastly differ from my offer, but I will I will analyze that again.

[1355:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are the questions and what is what was the offer?

[1356:25] Speaker 5: The questions were What's your biggest struggle keeping you up at night?

[1357:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: was the what was the answers that you got

[1358:34] Speaker 5: the answers were I put them in a note and I thought I had the paper here but I don't the answer was buried from everything. I'm just last life. So there was some very vague answers. Okay, sleep, multiple sleep problems. Future of my worried about the future of my grandchildren. Stress and anxiety over balancing work and life. Those were some of the ones my boyfriend snores. And then I was like, okay, is she like, is she? Is that the joke?

[1366:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: What was your offer?

[1367:40] Speaker 5: My offer is six weeks. Sorry, that's the six week three days, unleashing your inner badass having abundant energy and you know building building a life where?

[1371:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you're gonna, you're gonna want to integrate more of these problems into your offer in the future. Okay. And then what solution? Are you offering them to unleash their inner badass? Do you have a solution that fits these problems?

[1378:41] Speaker 5: I feel like I'm maybe not portraying it clearly like to me the solution is multifactorial. It Yeah. Moving your body, fueling your body well, mindset, you know, things like like this. And I talked about, you know, creating my goal is to create a community like this, where I referenced your community and how helpful a group like this is how we support each other. So it's a multi, it's a multi pronged approach. It's not just one thing.

[1386:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So here's one of the biggest things that you want to find is you want to find people that are already thinking about looking to and willing to start moving their body, changing their mindset and changing how they feel their body. Okay. And so I would be willing to bet that a lot of these people a may not have a desire to actually solve the problem. Okay, so they lack the motivation, because they lacked the motivation to even show up and listen to you. What makes you think that any of those people would do any of this?

[1397:03] Speaker 0: Now, these two people right here,

[1398:15] Speaker 1: at least showed you that they are willing to show up.

[1399:30] Speaker 5: And those are the two that show that showed up? There are people that already know me, so they weren't from the paid ads,

[1401:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's find, okay, you're gonna have that in the beginning where people already know you.

[1403:55] Speaker 5: And they're not even answering, you know, when I put posts in the group, they're not even answer, it's

[1405:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: only two of them, I would reach out personally to them. See what they got from it, see what they thought see where they're, you know, how you can help them?

[1407:54] Speaker 5: Yep. And I'd have asked them for that. And for feedback, and there are Tina, there's at least like two or three others that are like, I promise, I'm gonna watch the replays and I'm like, you know, I would love your feedback. And these, those are also people that know me, like, basically, I feel like, I did not make a connection with with any of the people from the paid ads. Like they're not answering the questions, I did a couple, you know, live little posts, they're not replying to anything.

[1414:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, cuz it's too it's, it's too there's nothing that emotionally triggered or motivated them to take time out of their day to actually listen to you. So that right there is what we got to identify as it has to do with it was either the wrong people. That no matter what you say, are never going to do this. Or if it was the right people that didn't have the right trigger to get them to actually show up. Before we can ever get anybody to move their body fuel their body better and change their mindset, they got to actually show up and listen to you. Yes. So So actually, if we think about it, that's actually your first offer. Your first offer is just getting them to show up because you're selling people on showing up before you can ever sell them on paying your money and so if you if you can't sell people on showing up you have no people to sell on show on on showing your money. True. And so so now that goes back to okay do we have the right people showing up? Here's another thing that I would do I would I would email every single one of those people that opted in and ask them hey, we held this event notice you weren't there? What's up?

[1437:54] Speaker 5: Yes, and I I was definitely planning on doing that

[1438:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: and ask them and if all of them say Oh, I just don't have the time. Listen, time is a big cop out. Excuse If, yes, and we need to realize that because we make the time for what's important. Yeah, now here's the thing at the same time, for them time was their excuse. So we also got to understand that they truly believe they didn't have the time to even show up and listen to how to change their life. So you got to figure out what will persuade somebody to give up their time. Now, I want to ask you this question. You're a busy a very busy person, what persuades you to give up your time.

[1448:43] Speaker 5: Something that I'm getting incredible value from that I feel it's helping me to improve my life.

[1450:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so they didn't believe or trust that they were going to get incredible value from this enough to show up. Right? And that's okay. And that's why have you read this book.

[1453:25] Speaker 5: I've listened to it once. And I was gonna go through the second time. And then I switch gears to one that Sandy and John recommended that wealth.

[1455:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, start thinking about specifically the 310s building trust in you your product, your company, but also hears you mentioned this, the transformation that you're promising, because they need to trust that you're gonna bring that transformation to their life.

[1460:19] Speaker 5: And that's the casting the future vision, right, that you talk about? A lot where

[1461:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: you cast the views, your vision, but you also like you figure out what are their objections. And you want to get into objection addressing in your copy. And that was one of the biggest things that so so almost a very similar offer, Don Palacios was dealing with and what we found in our coaching sessions was she was not addressing objections

[1468:23] Speaker 0: at all. And so in here,

[1469:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: lesson number four of copywriting mastery, I go over addressing objections correctly to persuade action. What we just talked about is a very high level type of a thing. Most people who are in this group aren't even ready to like, look at that yet. Okay. But we need to be able to look at it from this way objectively, addressing objections correctly to persuade action. So I so I go over this in this lesson about how do you address objections? And then how do you? I don't even think I didn't even use Jasper in this lesson at all. Because I'm going over like, the methodology of addressing objections. So you want to bake in there. You want to address the objection,

[1483:12] Speaker 0: instantly.

[1484:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: But but the the caveat to that is you don't want to try to when we go to address it, objection addressing, we can get into trying to prove ourselves to people that will never become clients.

[1487:43] Speaker 5: Yes, he talks to Jordan Belfort he talks, those are

[1488:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: the two sides of it. You want to address objections of those that might have shown up. But you don't want to be trying to prove yourself to those that will never take action. Okay. So does that. Does that help?

[1492:09] Speaker 5: Yes. And yes, I know, I still have a fair amount to figure out.

[1493:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think the objection part of it is going to be probably the big unlock for you.

[1494:24] Speaker 5: Okay, and I, I mean, I did talk again, they didn't show up. So they didn't hear it. But I did talk, you know, in the first two days about, here are some Well, the first whole day was about mindset like he was talking about. And then the second day was 10, well, actually 11, Free Easy hacks, life hacks to you know, to hear and higher energy, blah, blah, blah. And it was all in and I talked a lot about how exercise doesn't have to be an hour at the gym, you know, and then 15 minutes driving there and back. So an hour and a half, really, blah, blah, blah, how you can fit it in? Yeah, I could talk about how to manage time, but of course, they weren't there to see it. So

[1504:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: to see did you address that? They were going to learn how to do all this without spending all this time in the gym without doing all that was that on the landing page?

[1506:16] Speaker 5: I don't I don't believe so. per se. So okay,

[1507:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that's a big part of a lot. So a lot of the offers that we create all include objection addressing right away, even if you're aren't super tech savvy, just starting out. Nobody's ever heard of you. Those are my three biggest objections why nobody ever listens to me. And then I addressed even more without grinding the DMS posting all day on social media doing slimy or pushy sales tactics or needing to get on Discovery calls. So those are more objections that I addressed before they even got further down the page. Okay. Because I had a lot of people thinking that I was teaching stuff that was way too technical, that you had to be an expert for had to have a big following. That you had to be grinding DMS all day that you had to be posting a million times on social media that you had to do all these pushy, slimy tactics, and you had to jump on Discovery calls. So I had all All these people assuming that I was teaching those methods when I'm not, and they weren't even signing up for my trainings, and then I had people that wanted to do those methods getting pissed off that I wasn't teaching them. And so that's a big part of it.

[1524:49] Speaker 5: May I post? My three day page and my six? Yeah,

[1526:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want you to post all your offers in the group for everybody to see and look at definitely.

[1527:30] Speaker 5: Okay. And I guess last quote, I mean, I'm not trying to, I don't know, be a be a pessimist or whatever. But um, I should I should still pitch my six week program. Correct? Like, I shouldn't just stop and do another another free. Just still pitch it and

[1532:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: see, see without sending an email to everybody? Yeah,

[1533:47] Speaker 5: yep. Okay. And I should still do paid ads for that correct. Because I'm going to start the sixth week on this, I would just,

[1535:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would only retarget. Who visited your page, there's not a lot of people you might not be able to

[1536:41] Speaker 5: see. Okay, so maybe not paid ads for that just okay. Just the people that signed up the people that accepted my group invite that already knew me like, just maybe just pitch it to the people. Those people in the group and the people that know me, maybe? Yep, maybe my social media following can put that there too, because they definitely want to put it on social media. Yeah.

[1541:34] Speaker 0: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yep. Okay,

[1543:04] Speaker 5: that actually does reduce some stress and not have to, even though I paid Jonathan to do it, I was like, Oh, the paid ads again.

[1544:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, yeah, definitely.

[1545:04] Speaker 3: Okay, thank

[1545:18] Speaker 0: you, Jeremy.

[1545:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ave says, How about offering a coaching program simultaneously, at different times in a given week? For me? No, I'm not going to do that. But you can if you want to. You want

[1548:55] Speaker 5: I'm attaching coaching to my six week. Because Jeremiah, you recommended that. So that's I gotcha. Is is a separate time, but q&a coaching.

[1551:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Awesome. All right. I found two dash three. You had a question? Oh, yeah. No, Joey. Let's see the face. Okay.

[1555:25] Speaker 0: I don't hear you are muted.

[1557:13] Speaker 2: Thanks. Yeah. And I just set up a new iPad Pro. And I haven't really set up all the details. So yes, I'm an aggressive spender when it comes to like Facebook ads, Google ads, Instagram ads, LinkedIn ads and stuff like that. And I'm just curious, two sides. kind of question since you brought it up. The first one is, is how much do you spend before you realize you need to like make, like retarget or make changes to your ads? For me, I usually spend $200 and then make a decision if I'm going to cancel the ad or not. What do you think should I go about? That's

[1566:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: pretty good. Yeah. Okay. I mean, cancel the ad. It's funny because mine was bringing in higher lead cost. But I didn't cancel the ad, because it was testing that.

[1570:29] Speaker 2: Were my whole thing is it's like, I find if I spend $200 now and get one lead, I'm curious to see if that lead will percolate in 30 days, because I've had I found some weird stuff out once that like I was spending $200 It's like hundreds of dollars lead and the person I could get $5,000 out of them over a three month periods, and perfect. So I'm fine with that. As long as I get a lead, I'm not worth worrying. But I've done some testing on Facebook ads in the last two weeks and spend $300 Here $200 there and not even getting anything and I don't know if something is wrong if the algorithm changed or something. So I'm kind of like scratching my head.

[1581:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it are you using the same targeting that you always use now? Are you using the same creative and same copy?

[1583:35] Speaker 2: I'm using similar stuff and with a few tweaks from some of the things in your class so I'm a little bit unsure like I've switched back and forth. Even remarketing isn't doing anything so that's why it was all like good if something happened.

[1587:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I don't think anything's happened. We have seen that happen though where we'll have like a Winning Campaign twice and then just bombs and it's usually because we're pulling the lookalike from the wrong place or we need to get more views

[1591:59] Speaker 1: okay

[1592:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: but are you but you're using the same targeting right

[1593:11] Speaker 2: Yeah, I kind of overlapping vote for different things that made it super zeroed in like yeah, people were into crystals but also into this and I'll

[1595:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: try doing a little wider

[1596:53] Speaker 2: it might be time to do that.

[1597:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think that that might be good is to go a little bit wider. But here's the other thing is is really a make more offers. That's one solution. And and test out maybe two or three different hooks with some future offers, see how those convert.

[1601:35] Speaker 2: That's a good idea.

[1601:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's what I that's what I did was I did, finding your niche, writing a video ad script, reading your copy, creating your lead magnet. And then this last one I did was getting more clients with your Facebook ads, higher cost, but better people. I'm writing an offer up today all about creating you're growing your email list because I'm, instead of developing your lead magnet, I'm calling it growing your email list for your coaching business. Because most people don't know it's a lead magnet, but those same people would understand the language of grow your email list. Same thing, same offer. And what I found was my best coaching clients have come from grow your email list, run paid ads, and then I'll loop it back around to my launcher offer five day challenge.

[1614:16] Speaker 2: That makes sense. So the other question is, like ads on Facebook. I used to run them all the time and then create an audience based on the people who viewed the video to the end while getting likes is that still something you think is worth my time? I'm like I used to do like a couple of years ago. And then I was thinking about redoing it. Because you see that again. So I built with the last business I was working with I built up the like page to using paid like ads to about 20,000. And I found that really helps sell more stuff and build more authority in conversions for their e commerce, my life period.

[1626:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: That is a little different. Yeah,

[1627:24] Speaker 2: I know this. But here's the thing, I have a like pay my like page that I run all my ads only has 1800 followers. And I'm thinking that maybe that might be affecting my authority, because I used to run the ads for my courses from that other like page that had 28,000. And the conversion rates are better.

[1632:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Have you tried running it from that page?

[1632:57] Speaker 2: And I'm not involved with them anymore?

[1633:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, we haven't seen the amount of followers for coaching and courses affect that I think for EA comments a little more. Um, I'm just not seeing the return from like page ads over time. But if you want to, or just authority,

[1638:47] Speaker 2: I'm going to try, I'll send I'll send two grants, what

[1639:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I found builds authority is more if people visit the page, and they see content from you. And so they can stay see like consistent videos. Because I used to get interested in videos. It's not the system posts. Yeah, cuz I see, I only have 3000 on my Instagram. I used to get a ton of hate comments on my Instagram, about lack of authority until I just like now you can click on my page and like, tell me that they

[1648:07] Speaker 2: can see my Instagram. It's my Facebook page. Yeah, that just hasn't gotten the attention. I was thinking, Oh, maybe whatever. It doesn't matter. Really. Like you can't really pay through official channels for likes on Instagram through Instagram. They've never really done what

[1652:20] Speaker 1: they go. Yeah. But I know that the Facebook likes don't translate like they used to. Okay, you can still test that out. I just, I know that we've gotten a better result with conversion ads when it comes to dollar spent on ads.

[1656:53] Speaker 2: More I'm willing to test it out for my own. Okay, great. Thanks so much for your help.

[1658:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Perfect. Now, we stopped recommending that with a number of the clients that we started with, even with small pages, because we weren't really seeing those results like we used to from the lot of the page likes, and we got some of our clients, they would so here's how we tested this out, interestingly enough, they would get shut down their page would from running ads. So I would have to start a new page to be able to run ads from that page had zero followers and converted just as much as the page with 100,000 followers. So that fact alone led me to be like, okay, a page with 10 followers is still converting just as much as long as we made sure that there was some content on it. If somebody scrolled they could see some recent videos from them. That was the factor. So that's why again, grinding content all day isn't the best. But if you even do just like one video a week of you like just connecting with people, they just want to know that like you're there for support. Versus like, Do you have a lot of followers so I think the amount of followers you have is enough. So I know there were a few people that raised their hand and they lowered their hands, but some people laughed because I know that they went It's off. So I guess we're done is we're done here? Seems like everybody got their questions answered. Otherwise you would have kept your hand up. So, all right. I will see everybody. Next week. Actually, later this week. Um, I will see everybody later this week for the copywriting rewrite session that we're doing on I believe it was Thursday or Friday, which day was it? So my calendar is don't remember.

[1690:45] Speaker 5: It's Thursday, written down that

[1691:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thursday at 11am. Yep, we will be doing copywriting rewrites for your offers, looking over that the objection addressing will be as key. I think that that's an important key. The problem with objection addressing is it can go way too into people pleasing, if you're not careful. And where you're almost trying to prove yourself to people. And I find that that becomes people's problem more often than not. And so yeah, we're doing the copywriting rewrite day on Thursday, December 8, you'll get an email at noon, Eastern 11. Central. With objection addressing the problem that people have more often than not, is they go into people pleasing, and are trying to prove themselves to people rather than addressing objections the right way. I'm trying to prove yourself to haters, that metal that will never buy from you and thinking that you're addressing objections. So I find that that's more common. And so I would rather like you not address objections in the beginning and then come back and look at it from the data is, is to address them from a place of okay. What would somebody's objection be to showing up here? Well, they think it's going to take up too much of their time. Okay, great. And you need to address that right away. That's not going to take up too much of their time. They're not going to have to spend hours in the gym that they're not going to have to do that stuff. Because that's something that specifically your buyers care about, not haters. So addressing objections, an objection is always something that a buyer cares about. Not a hater. All right. So we're gonna log off here and, again, the recordings of all these sessions are in the members area. Over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. You can watch the recordings of each of these sessions. Again, we go live every single week on Mondays at noon, Eastern 11 Central Time, and we will be doing the live copywriting rewrite day on Thursday, December 8, at noon, Eastern 11. Central as well. We will have the lead magnet funnel building strategy session on Saturday. That's more of a free offer that I'm doing. I haven't launched that yet, if you'd like there's the link to it. I haven't launched it yet. I haven't even written the copy yet. So that's how I'm gonna be doing tonight and this afternoon, and then probably running the ads for two or three days to that. Mostly we're just retargeting on that. So, have a good one, everybody. I'll see you guys on Thursday.

