VIP Session - Get More Clients With Paid Video Advertising
Date: 2022-12-03T21:32:26.000Z
Duration: 96 min
Otter ID: OWYVP4cgU17Ny5ntDwpQrrUY5rg
---

[4:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Hello, everybody. Welcome. Welcome to the VIP.

[9:21] Speaker 0: Welcome in here. How are you? I hope you're doing well. I'm thankful that you're here. thankful that you're on here

[13:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: was that great that good that helped you guys, I hope. So. We got a few messages from people telling us that they were really pissed off about it, that they felt that it was it egregious ly misrepresented what I promised. And that they don't want to call with me because they would never want to learn from somebody who sucks that much. So great. Well, they were pissed off that they felt like I bait and switch them with what I actually told that I was going to do. They felt that I misled them, and was dishonest in my marketing. Because I marketed get more clients with paid video advertising. And so they really felt that like this didn't show them how to get clients, it was more just about mindset and offers. So what's awesome, though, is that's part of our process to repel people.

[32:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, it repels the wrong people from working with us. And that's a big part of the process that actually makes your ads make the kind of money that you want to make is by you're not going to please everybody, they're not going to like it. For some reason, that person saw my ad, and had an expectation that I didn't deliver, according to what they expected of me. Now, here's what's cool is I then you don't want to do that at scale, right? Like, let's, let's be reasonable here. Like, if I buy an iPhone 14, I expect it to be an iPhone 14. If you sign up for a free training like this, and I'm saying you know, I'm not going to sell you anything, it's it's going to show you how to get more clients to pay video, everything you expect that it would deliver, I believe in the way that I did it and and but some people believe

[50:09] Speaker 1: that.

[51:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: And they're very judgmental people, they're very critical, and they're probably is a very self critical. So here's what I do now is I have a lot of compassion on that type of person. Because they are probably so hard on themselves. And they've probably been abused and mistreated in their life and bullied by people. And they've also probably, if it's in the online marketing space, they've been burned by online marketing mentors that Promised One thing it didn't deliver. And so I you know, I hope my My prayer is that you're not going to please everybody, you're not going to please there's always gonna be a five to 10% outlier, that is literally no matter how much good you do, no matter how much you help people is going to attribute not just disappointment, but ill intent to you. Even if you have no ill intent at all. And so realizing that that's part of the process will allow you to be more bolder in your marketing and how you communicate, because you're not trying to not offend everybody. You know, you're you're not you're not trying to please everybody. And that's the big mistake that I see a lot of coaches and course creators make is they have a desire to positively impact people.

[78:56] Speaker 1: And

[79:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: yet they let this happen. mental thing of what they call a spirit of excellence, actually stop them from taking action on these steps. And I've seen more than more often than not that people with a spirit of excellence have the hardest time succeeding with this. And that's a pretty interesting thing. Because most coaches and course creators are people with a high level of spirit of excellence, what is you have to actually go a level above Excellence, which is called outstanding. And so the level above excellence is somebody who is not just excellent, but takes action, and is disciplined and can do it, even when they don't feel like it, even when they are afraid of what's going to happen. It's a courageous person who can take action. And so we had 160, people sign up for this training 20 People are on this VIP call. Okay. And the average number, that means about 10 of you are probably going to join me for the five day

[100:09] Speaker 2: training, you know, which is great.

[101:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: And based off of our numbers, we'll probably get five clients out of that. So initially, off the bat, there'll be about a $15,000 revenue on a $3,000 ad spend, we 5x, our revenue off of this where it's at right now. So that's amazing, it's awesome. But what happens is, there's also momentum that occurs. And so then the momentum is when you create an offer, and then you create another offer, and you just make more offers to people, you're not trying to put all of your eggs into one basket of meeting one offer to produce everything for you. And you're actually willing to, to go through the six steps. And he really this is the hardest one is you go back to finding your niche and writing your copy and you relaunch a new offer, after your initial offer only broke even. That's what my winner my winners do. That's what my winning clients do. That's what my million dollar clients do. That's what my six figure earning clients do. What stops people is they get stuck in these steps. And they don't go through it a couple times. Because the pain that they experienced was too great to go through this. And this will make you come face to face with every single pain that you have inside of you every single fear every single terror that you have, you will feel terrified as you go through this process. You will, you will literally feel like to some people, especially if you're a hardcore pleaser that you are doing something wrong. If you go through this process, and so you have to train yourself to break out of the mold of your what I say your cultural upbringing, your how people like us were raised and taught to do things. And that's the biggest thing that stops people is there's a there's a standard that people have of what they will and won't do. And what stops people going through these six steps is their own. That's either fear or pride won't allow them to go to the next step.

[138:38] Speaker 1: So that's one of the biggest

[138:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: things that we break down in the offer Launchpad recordings that are in that VIP, as we break down how to actually fluidly go through that and those that are in the client growth accelerator. Has that been helpful for you guys that we've been walking through that those that are in the client growth accelerator? Raise your hands? Let us know, let them know in the chat. If that's been that's been helpful for you. Okay, that's awesome. So here's the, here's the, here's the thing, I'm gonna I want to take some questions from you. Now, I want to be able to help you, I want to be able to point you to everything that you need between now and our time in the five day event. And I really do hope that a number of you jump in with me on this five day event to be able to take this experience to go out there and to launch your six figure coaching offer and that you jump into the VIP where we can spend five sessions answering your questions. So who has a question that wants to go Don't be shy again? Loud it'll wait for somebody else to go. The floor is yours. Nina?

[158:42] Speaker 3: Yeah, I have a quick question about

[159:40] Speaker 4: finding out What my market wants versus what I want to give them? Are things we get stuck there all the time. So good.

[161:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. So tell me a little bit more about that.

[163:18] Speaker 4: So I recently just had a healing circle. And, you know, I had a partner do it with me. And we were looking for women between 35 and 45. We created an offer. I mean, we did it all backwards compared to what you did. But we did it all backwards. And then we did our offer. We had lots of people come to the website.

[168:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm proud of you that you actually did it. So give yourself a hand. Come on. Okay. Most people

[170:33] Speaker 4: at some point where they launch? Thank you. Well, we have lots of people visit and we were like, okay, exciting, all going to the registration page, and crickets. When one person register,

[173:22] Speaker 5: okay. Yeah. So obviously, we

[174:15] Speaker 4: weren't speaking to what people wanted you

[175:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: or it just wasn't speaking in a way that was emotionally triggering to them. Okay? So you want to emotionally trigger people in a positive way that paints a picture in their mind of what it will be like at the end of them buying from you or registering. Okay, then what you want to do is you want to promise the end result to people in the registration offer. Okay. So Jasper helps us actually do that and come up with those words and identify what those best words are.

[184:17] Speaker 4: I know, we did use my partner used. She used Jasper for some of our stuff. And yeah, I think we were really just stuck on. Okay, they went, they went to the landing page, they click the registration button, but they just didn't register. Yeah.

[189:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Without seeing your offers, it's a little bit difficult for me to actually say without seeing the landing page in front of me, right. Um, but that's usually related to either the wrong people were on the page, or if they were the right people, it wasn't connecting with them as far as what they actually wanted. And it was more what you were trying to give them. Or you're telling them too much about your features and how you do things, and not enough about telling the story. And that's the biggest part of it.

[197:08] Speaker 4: I think you're right there. Yes, there was a lot of this is what you're gonna get, this is what you're gonna get, this is what you're gonna get. So what

[198:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: we have is we have the hero's journey arc that we need to actually do you have the hero, this is your prospect. And then this is the journey right here. And so when somebody finds your ad, they aren't quite in your world yet, but they meet you as this mentor, to guide them through the challenges and temptations of their journey. Okay. And it's very similar to like movies that we watched, like Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, Luke Skywalker meets Obi Wan Kenobi, you're the Obi Wan Kenobi, to your prospect who finds the ad. Okay. And then basically, what they have is they have a moment of, they are going to have to learn new skills. And they're going to have to go through trials. And they're going to have to go through tests. And they're gonna have to need some support and accountability, to go through that journey with you. So that arise again, for the call to adventure that they have in their life. Okay. So you tell that story to them. It's basically you're prophesying it to them, you're actually prophesying what their future will be, like, in a prophetic declaration of painting a picture so that they literally can feel it. They physically can feel this whole journey when they see your ad in your offer before they even sign up. Okay, yep. So that's what we're going to be going over in the five days. Yeah, totally. Natalie, we're gonna be breaking down that entire process. And the five days, okay. That's what all of this is.

[229:13] Speaker 2: All right. Cool.

[230:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's even. That's what we then do in the client growth accelerator is we, we work with people through these steps to help craft it to help design it to help you write the right copy to review your copy. So I'm in there helping rewrite your ads and looking at that and telling you how that's all working. As well as the mindset stuff and any of that stuff. So, all right, any other questions? Any other questions? You go over

[238:46] Speaker 4: the lookalike.

[239:48] Speaker 1: aspecting and about creating a look alike. Yeah,

[241:36] Speaker 0: well heard of it.

[242:22] Speaker 1: What part of it? Well, what what is a look alike? Capture?

[244:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it basically you're saying, Okay, have a look at my Facebook have a look at this have a look at that. And then that's who's following me and am I getting it anywhere close that's part of it, what it's doing is you're able to track in an audience, like who's actually visiting your website, God is watching your videos, who's actually signing up for your offers. And so what I do is I'll create a look alike audience with the AI and Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok Twitter, to find as many people that are similar in their behavior to those that already took an action with me that already showed intent. And so then that creates a bucket of like 10 to 15 million people that then you push your offers to. And now that's what starts the next phase of your job. So the next phase of your job is trust building. When you meet a stranger on the internet, right, somebody who you've never met before, about your coaching, you have to build trust with them. Right in you, your product, your company, the transformation that you deliver, and the result that you promise in your offer. So they have to trust this before they ever even take action with you.

[269:14] Speaker 0: Right, thank you. And so then you can create a look alike of

[271:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: all the people who have demonstrated that they trust you. And the algorithm will then go find more of those people to show your offer to Okay. All right. Any anyone else got any other questions here?

[277:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Any specific questions anybody has?

[278:30] Speaker 3: Wonder on the I've not ever

[278:55] Speaker 6: walked through that process.

[280:32] Speaker 3: With the Zapier and all that, like,

[281:24] Speaker 4: I've not ever done coffee effectively,

[282:00] Speaker 3: I always say entirely too much. That's like, I have the same issue that the First Lady talked about, where I'm just telling you everything in the whole wide world. And it's not, it's not attention grabbing, and it's not impactful, it's not transitioning. Yeah.

[286:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's what that's what the value of Jasper in this recipe is to help you come up with that. So and we're gonna go over that process some more on in the five day event. And we also went over it since you had the VIP in the training that I did, that you have access to that is about building your six figure lead magnet, I break that down in detail. So you can watch that today, where I really break down how do you go from rambling about what doesn't matter, to being laser focused as to what triggers somebody to take action with you, right? Because that's what you want to do? Yes, perfect.

[297:54] Speaker 0: And so so we use Jasper to help us come up with a lot of that, as well. There's a feedback loop that we generate. So the feedback loop is actually the second component that I didn't even talk about. Probably should have talked about it, but that's okay. That's why you guys are in the VIP, so you get different content. So the feedback loop is when you joined my event, and you went over to Facebook, and you jumped into the Facebook group, there were some questions that were asked of you. What is your biggest struggle when it relates to creating ads? And what would you like to learn from me? So I document all of those answers.

[309:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And all of these answers are in this document. It's a 38 page document that I have of what people have told me in their own words, what they're struggling with and what their businesses so I'm able to filter these words directly through Jasper's engine. And then I will also use a tool called otter.ai. So otter AI then transcribes our VIP session

[318:42] Speaker 2: is otter for our podcast.

[319:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So In our VIP session, I'll then filter into otter for the VIP.

[322:15] Speaker 0: And I'll pull out of it, what the key aspects of what people want to learn are.

[324:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we'll filter that into based off of the questions that everybody asked me back into the Jasper engine, and it helps develop our offers, that helps us come up with those that language, the exact language and how you tell the story. It writes it all for you. All right. So that's how we do that is with is with the Jasper engine. And so that's why it's the most important component of our system that we use, is using Jasper to be able to write your copy and using that that recipe that I created to do that, that's why I need to, I need to take what I told you guys, that recipe that writes your video ad script and creates your copy and make that as the rest of you to do you offer a service that you do this for somebody I saw Wanda, I do, it's $30,000 a month. So if you want me to do this in your business, it's 30k a month. Yeah, and you can use a different AI, that's fine. But the next best thing to a service like that is the client growth accelerator. Because I'm in there, we do copywriting days, I'm reviewing your copy, I'm reviewing your offers, I'm looking over that, and we're doing it in a group setting with everybody. So that's hugely valuable, you'll also have an opportunity during the five day event. I don't understand what you mean by ability income supports that correct.

[351:22] Speaker 2: So anyways,

[352:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: what we do is in our five day event, I give you a lot of time, during the VIP sessions, to where we can actually even rewrite some of your copy and your offer copy during that time in the VIP of that event, so you're gonna be able to get that you're gonna be able to really get this is probably the closest experience to being part of our group coaching program that you can get. And it's only $17. To do this, which is awesome, we're going to be raising the price of it, though, to a much higher level, as a minimum price, like when I discounted like this, it's probably gonna be discounted to 97 or 197, and start selling this VIP for $1,000. Because as this starts to scale, we're not gonna be able to serve as many people. So I want these to always be 25 to 30 people on my VIP. And so as that grows, I can't sustain that at $17. Because it's just not practical. I can't help as many people at that web level. So you guys are getting in at the ground floor of the value of how I can help you the most, which is awesome. So check this out. This event is also going to cost money in in the in the new year next year would be charging for it. The income from your service would well support that investment. Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah, client that's doing 30k a month. I mean, they'll be bringing in three 300,000 a million dollars a month and in profit. So

[378:20] Speaker 0: that's almost a steal at 30k a month to be able to get that service.

[380:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Anybody else got any other questions? Anybody else got some questions? Right? Oh, yeah, Rosco. Sorry, buddy.

[383:18] Speaker 7: I know, Paul, when you're running your Instagram and Facebook ads, is there a certain day or time when you need to run those ads, the highest amount of traffic to convert to sales?

[387:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, if it's Christian based content, I would not do it on from Friday afternoon until Monday morning. We find that that kind of has a dip around that time when you're running your ads from Friday afternoon to Monday morning. So we run most of our ads from Monday morning until Friday afternoon. If it's business related, we run it at all hours.

[397:04] Speaker 6: All right, Chris. Hi, Jeremiah. Thank you for doing this. First of all. My question is since a lot of the clients are work with are those faith faith based clients, Christian ministries and things like that. We ran into a snag with ads back in November 2021, when Facebook changed the ability to target people based on certain preferences like culture or religion, things like that. So most of the audiences we were targeting went away in the selection of our, in our audience selection when we were setting the ads up. And we haven't really been able to find a way to get that momentum back that we were experiencing set such. So what are you doing with your Christian minister? clients to get around that?

[412:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well usually target first you want your ad to be explicitly very Christian and obvious that it is not like trying to like pretend like it's not. And very specific about like, what what type of Christian beliefs it is that you're not trying to backdoor people into thinking. It's just for everybody. You got to be really specific about that. And especially when it comes to ministry, we got a tendency to try to love and serve and be all people to everybody. But you got to get that out of your equation when it comes to running ads, or you'll you won't that attraction mean? That secondary you can target. You can target Joe Rogan, you can target homeschooling, you can target Sadie Robertson, you can target my mom's page. Now these have a lot of Christian followers. And then you build a look alike audience based off of how they're engaging with your videos where they're on your landing pages. And so we're using exclusively look alike audiences to do that.

[428:13] Speaker 3: Okay. Thank you.

[429:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the more negative here's one thing I will say the more negative comments you get for faith based stuff, the better results you're gonna get. Okay. All right, Sylvie? Sorry, can you unmute yourself? Sorry about that? No. What is the advanced Manager, please? What the elements manager, the events manager is where you create your pixel and your event. What is green pixels? Well, the pixel is what tracks people on your website. And in the course in the Facebook and Instagram ads made easy for beginners. I break down in lessons one and two, how to set up the pixel and how to get that set up the pixel is something that actually is actually tracking the activities of those that visit your website. And then you can build those audiences with them.

[453:03] Speaker 1: Yeah, that's interesting.

[453:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Thank you. Yep. All right. Anybody else got any? Do we still run dark post ads, when you make an ad, it automatically makes it a dark post. We don't really call it that anymore. We just make an ad, or you can run it from the page. So it's a lot, it's a lot simpler than it used to be as well. A lot of the ways that we used to run ads don't work the same. Like we don't do anything for post post engagement or followers anymore at all. We're only running conversion goals based off of people signing up, giving their name and email address or landing page views for retargeting. All right, anybody else got any other questions? Let me know. Raise your hand I'm here for you. We're still here for quite a little while. I, here's the thing. I meet with people every single week and they got questions as it relates to their business. And so I do not believe that you guys don't have any questions.

[473:38] Speaker 3: Don't have so much a question more like an observation to Yes, I think what I think is what I realized from just listening to you talk and the times that we've connected and being in CGA and all of that is that the magic sweet spot is where you're able to create an ad that attracts and repels at the same time. So it attracts the exact people you want and repels the exact people you don't want. And what I'm realizing Okay, and I'm really, I'm actually thankful you did mindset first because when you got to the tech, I got super intimidated. So the fact that you did mindset first, once you got to the tech, I was like, Okay, no problem, right? Because my whole my whole preparation for that was so different. Whereas if you went into the tech first, it would have been easier to sort of shut down. Right. And I'm, one thing I know about tech is once you nail it, you nail it for good. Like you you you can repeat and repeat and repeat. Oh, yeah. I also think like, what I want to thank you about is talking about the fear of it. Because putting yourself out there and not getting, you know, like you were talking about, you only got one person, right? Yeah. So for me, I'm sitting there going, Oh, my God, Nina put herself out there. And she got one person. So I'm, like, excited for Nina. Right. But, but for Nina, it's like, you know, the opposite reaction, right?

[494:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So something else I got to say to people on that? Well, let me hear the rest of what you have to say. And I get us inspired to like the whole

[497:32] Speaker 3: I think I want to thank you, Nina for your courage, right? Because listen, we're putting ourselves out there, what we, what everything that I'm learning about Jeremiah is this ability to calibrate, like, where you don't judge or take personally what the what the reaction was, you instead use it as information to calibrate the better message and the better message until you strike the message that works. Yeah, and lean into that, that's that's what I'm getting from, from training with with Jeremiah. And if you don't drum, I have to tell you, I talked about that and me, but I can know it intellectually. But until I have the courage in my own heart, I won't get out there. And that's what you're helping me build is making my heart courage.

[509:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, here's some of that I'm gonna say for some of y'all is, if you don't have an offer ready to go, and you're trying to learn stuff about the ads, you're wasting your time completely. Learn the ads, after you've built your offer. Because you can promote your offer to your friends, family, organic social media, get a few people on it before you run ads, and then the ad stuffs gonna make more sense to you. When you know how to offer. There's a tendency that we may have of needing to basically have all the tools in front of us at once before we get started on a project. And

[521:15] Speaker 2: so

[522:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is I used to actually have this tendency in the gym when I was working out, I wouldn't work out if I couldn't go in perfect order. And I would give up and I would get frustrated if somebody was using a machine that I was in the order that I was going on. And I would literally leave the gym. Because it wasn't in the order that I wanted. And it wasn't planned out perfectly. And

[528:33] Speaker 2: many of you have a belief that,

[530:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, my personality needs me to be a planner. So I want to honor that and say I get that. But that is also a response to past experiences where when you didn't plan things out, things didn't work out well. And so you're trying to control the outcome as much as possible. You pre planning everything and learning everything before you take action will do you more harm than good in this business. Training, trying to learn everything about ads before you have an offer will hurt you more than it will help you overall. Okay. And so learn about it as you go. Rather than trying to learn it all before you get started before you build the offer before you put an offer out there. Because you're going to be accelerated in your journey to be able to do this. Here's the thing is the marketing. The lessons change every six months Daliah asked why I have a course on Facebook ads. Is the process the same the process? I updated it with the process. Yes. But it is changed. And so I have a new Facebook ads course that is in the client growth accelerator that is 10 times better and more updated. And so that's what's working right now is the Facebook ads for beginners and tic toc training. So it's a little bit different than the one that you bought from me before but what you get out of this is you also get the accountability and the help of me being there to help you along the way. So the truth is, is that marketing and the algorithms and all that changes every six months and how you've been if you learn something six months or a year ago, it's already changed already. So you can't try to learn it all and then go do it. You actually have to do it. And then learn and do it before you know how to do all this stuff. And you will learn as you go. I understand that some of you, that will be the most impossible part of your journey. And for many people, that's why they can't go through the six steps is because of that need to control so much. We need to detach from the outcome, we need to completely give up and surrender the outcome. And learn to accept that whatever happens happens as part of the process, and be okay with that, instead of trying to control how things go so much. And if you've experienced trauma, or you've had a hard life, and you have lived in fear for a long time, you can deal with that. There's also pride that it can create the pride of well, I'm somebody who operates in excellence. And so because I operate in excellence, I only ever do things perfect, you're gonna have to lower your standards just a little bit to be able to actually start to move forward. If your standard of excellence makes it impossible for you to actually take action on something for a year to two years and you're constantly preparing the foundations, you're constantly getting ready to move forward. You're constantly setting some stuff up to be able to finally build my thing, if that's where you are. That is that's a that's actually a habit and a behavior structure that will not work for this business. It will frustrate you it will disappoint you. And you can learn everything and never accomplish anything with that mindset. And so you have to take imperfect action, lower your standards, launch 50 to 70% of the way done. This isn't every other part of your life be a perfectionist and other parts of your life. That's fine. But when it comes to this business, I'm I'm telling you from experience, this is what makes your breaks people. This is what destroys people. Is this one thing. So burnout for now? Hey, Jeremy, how are you?

[596:18] Speaker 8: Can you hear me? Okay, I'm good. How about yourself? Good. Good. Okay. My question is, I want you to talk some more about finding your niche. Oh, I guess that's also market research. I'm assuming that's a to me.

[600:07] Speaker 0: That's part of it.

[600:48] Speaker 8: I'm hoping. Could you elaborate on that a bit, please?

[601:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. Before I elaborate on it, there is a two hour training in the members area that you get as part of the VIP here. That's all about that topic, where I'm teaching specifically on finding your niche for two hours. Okay, gotcha. So now as I elaborate on that is, is really this a first off, you need to have a niche of people that actually has expendable money. If they don't have money to spend, and you're just trying to help people, you don't have a business. So you have to only market to a group of people that wants to spend money to solve a problem. Okay. So you want to answer that question of who has a problem that I can solve?

[613:36] Speaker 8: Okay, um, I'm in the weight loss and wellness industry. And I've done it for a couple of decades, almost

[616:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfect. Um, tell me about your dream clients outcome. They would look better

[619:30] Speaker 8: feel better have more energy. Better blood tests when they go to their doctors? In some cases, reverse inflammation based diseases. Yep. Etc.

[624:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Okay. So all of that describes, it describes a lot of what's related to like functional Functional Medicine and functional nutrition.

[627:10] Speaker 8: Right? Correct. Correct. Yep.

[628:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we have a number of people that have taken this system and use this to make multiple six figures. In functional nutrition. That's actually one of the best niches out there to apply what I'm teaching, and so what you do is you get really specific about telling the story to somebody and finding as many people as possible who have these specific problems that look walk and talk like all of your past case studies. So you want to document all your case studies and stories and you want to find more people that are like that. And the essentially make them a promise.

[638:35] Speaker 0: Of what working with you can look like as a designer or outcome for them, and you build an offer around that.

[641:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Gotcha. Thank you. Yep. So Jasper helps you come up with this really well. I'm gonna definitely check that out. And that's what we dive deep into with everybody in the client growth accelerator is literally helping this whole process. Gotcha. All right. Thank you. Yeah, definitely. Um, daily, daily. Dia Diego. I have an idea what my niches but I don't know what they want. I'm just using my own story. What is the best way to create an offer? Can you elaborate on that a little bit more?

[652:53] Speaker 2: Yeah, I'm in the past. I prefer to work with just add. Okay. Back in to the short story to the sun 18 I had health issues. And what they want to do is to find a niche. Okay. Where people I can guide and show all the steps all my been cited to heal. Yeah. Yeah. And, but I haven't done anything. So I feel that it's now that I'm ready to do it. So be okay. Do you know who they are? Well, the only thing I can think is based on my own story.

[666:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. So describe yourself. Women.

[667:24] Speaker 2: Yeah, women. Middle aged. Middle Age. Yeah. What's your experience? Um, chronic fatigue.

[670:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. What does their marriage look like? What does their marriage look like? Are they married?

[673:35] Speaker 2: Yes. Yeah.

[674:07] Speaker 0: Married? Their kids?

[674:52] Speaker 2: I don't have kids, but could be.

[676:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So how are you specifically helping them?

[677:53] Speaker 2: What I have, what a fan is, oh, would have thought is okay. I had, I was suffering from chronic fatigue. Okay. When the doctor told me what I had, I decided in front of him to don't follow anything from the regular medicine but my own. My own is steps like, let's say, okay, so I start with changing my lifestyle diet. Natural Products following a hobby, meditation, those are the part of the things idea.

[691:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your habits lifestyle, how they eat, how they live supplements, you just did a whole life transformation. So So that's so listen. You think that we could find you 1000 Women middle aged with chronic fatigue, that want somebody to guide them through transforming their life and becoming the best version of themselves? I mean, I think that's an absolutely you can find 1000 women that want that.

[700:03] Speaker 2: That's what I want to know. How, what's the best way to elaborate the the author is just following. Because what I what I'm thinking after watching you and your training is following these six steps, right, is use my own words. Exactly what you are reading there. Create my offer, based on my own story. Yeah. And create a free Facebook group. Okay, asking questions, so I can you know, know better who they are what they want.

[710:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Love it. You got it. Wonderful. You support them? Yeah. Like, I'm telling you, that's a six. That's a six figure business. That's the start of it right there. And then are you gonna join us for the five day event? Yes. Yeah. It's gonna really help you because we're gonna be able to really dive deeper into that and help you come up with okay. How do you actually market to those women? How do you find them? What are the words that you use? How do you persuade? How do you then sell to them so that they buy from you? How do you actually do the sales? Part.

[720:30] Speaker 2: Exactly. That's what? Yep.

[721:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what we're gonna be going over during those five days. So that's awesome. All right. So much. Awesome. All right. Anybody else got any other any other questions? Here again, I'm doing 20 more minutes here because I want to give you all the promised our, I gave you a Don't, don't hold back. So wherever you're at on your journey, we can even you know, we can talk about the six steps wherever you're at on the six steps. You can insult me if you want. All right.

[731:54] Speaker 8: For now, hey, I'm taking off the show. Um, but my question to you is, okay, I see you don't so you don't write, copy the old school way using any of the popular frameworks anymore. You pretty much take the framework and you plug it into Jasper. Is that what I'm hearing? Yes. Okay, that's all I wanted to know. Thank you. Well,

[738:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: we do it. I would say I have a lot of experience in writing copy without Jasper. So it has it helps. All right, Deborah, Deborah Patton.

[743:44] Speaker 5: Hi, Jeremiah. It took a lot of notes I was trying to follow. I'm not familiar with Greenleaf, but that's something that you swipe. Is it like a platform where you use to? You said swipe file and then you store it in Greenleaf and then you transfer it over to Jasper?

[750:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ah, what's Greenleaf? I've never heard of that. Oh, well. Evernote.

[751:53] Speaker 1: Oh, yeah, I

[752:08] Speaker 5: guess that is Evernote. I'm not familiar with that one at all. Yeah, it's

[753:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: just, uh, just holds the notes.

[754:32] Speaker 5: Okay, for notes. Okay. And that's where you hold your swipe file and then use to transfer it over to Jasper.

[757:35] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah.

[758:11] Speaker 5: So I, you know, I'll, um, I'll hang with you through there. I'm sure if you go a little deeper into it, but I was just kind of I was. So you've got your swipe, file, your Evernote and then you use Google, which I'm not really familiar with either. So I got a lot of learning to do. But I I know, as we go, right,

[763:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. You know what? You've you've but you've followed me and my mom for a long time, right? I have Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I just want to reach to the computer and give you a big hug, because I'm really, really glad you're here.

[767:45] Speaker 5: Well, it, it helped. I

[768:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, I know. You've been through a lot. And you've got a story that will change people's lives. Some of you don't don't know, the the level of religious trauma that Deborah has been through.

[772:51] Speaker 5: Yeah. Coming out of it.

[773:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: She's healing and she's walking. so powerfully. So thank you for being here. And thank you for not quitting and not giving up when that would have been much easier.

[777:31] Speaker 5: Well, there's something that's just kind of deep inside me that doesn't quit. But it was helpful to hear you say, was very helpful to hear you say, those of you who need to have everything in order? Yeah. Not for you. Because I could have walked away and just clicked out because that's kind of where I've been hanging for.

[784:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, maybe I don't need to say that. It's not for you, because maybe I can help those people see that, you know, if they are that way they can they can take a leap of faith and, and a safe risk in this area. And this might be an area of of courage and extreme courage for you.

[790:00] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah.

[790:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: So there you go. When I'm talking to an audience, it's a little different than when I get the one on one because I'm like, you know, a lot of people comment on my social media that I'm an arrogant asshole, but obviously, you guys know. So,

[794:48] Speaker 5: well, I've been with you long enough to know that that's absolutely awesome. And I think it's important to realize that, you know, our inner pendulum could swing kind of hard sometimes and I mean, as just a walk of maturity through through the years and also be We swing to hurt sometimes. Yeah, sometimes we do.

[801:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's all right. I'm excited to have you with us on the on the five day event. It's gonna be awesome. Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. Amazing. So.

[803:54] Speaker 5: All right. Well, there's lots more to learn. So I'm excited about that. Thank you very much. I appreciate you.

[805:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you too. All right, Chris. Okay, quick

[806:52] Speaker 1: follow up question

[807:07] Speaker 6: for Jasper. Um, the frameworks and the questions that are the prompts. Yeah. already built into Jasper or do you have to add them in yourself.

[810:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: You have to add them in yourself. But they have a community archive that you can access. That is they have a number of different prompted frameworks, one that I love. That's like next level that I've actually only taught my one on one clients, y'all that are in CGA. I've never even taught this before. And I feel like I need to teach it. Lila is gonna love this one. So after I have you go through this, I filter the copy through the hero's journey outlined. And I have it actually write a fictional story about your target client. And what that does is that helps tie us to the emotion of a certain fictional storyline that tells the hero's journey of how your client gets there. And it'll allow you to bring some of that story back into it to passionately share with people the outcome and so we just did that this week with Nathan Iverson. Was that?

[830:33] Speaker 6: Sorry, that was my dad waking up from a nap and making grunting

[831:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no worries. No worries at all. So yeah, so he did. This page right here, Nathan Iverson, and this is an offer that we're working on for him. And we wrote this by running it through the hero's journey outline. When God calls you to do something that great he will see that it's accomplished. I heard this preaching for years. And while those words sound nice, it's easier said than done. I should know. Nine years ago I was completely stuck powerless, struggling with my bills sitting in a prayer closet wondering how am I going to fulfill God's call in my life, hopefully being trapped in shame and guilt generating millions of dollars in capital to build the vision God gave me. There are principles of wealth to the kingdom to turn things around. So we did that with the hero's journey outline, is to write that for his masterclass that he's doing about funding and generating large amounts of resource from his biblical perspective, so

[847:52] Speaker 0: and so that helped us do that. And we did the same thing with Rick Pino, for what he's doing. So with Rick Pitino, we did the you don't need a record label a big following. And all of this came from the hero's journey outline. Because we realized people wanted a roadmap to reach their potential. They want to learn from the best they want to impact people. They want to grow in impact, influence and step into abundance, with their music. And so he brought together all these people, we ran it through the hero's journey outline and it was almost identical to the Marvel comic book series. Very similar. So and we found that that was always subconscious even joke that Rick always had is like, like a sort of like a Marvel worship superheroes type thing. And it directly correlates to the angle of how we write this copy. And the story is by telling that hero's journey

[865:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so, Jasper, you can go under community, and you can pull in those different frameworks. And it'll give you different ideas for your copy. Who created the hero's journey recipe? It was Darby Rollins. Him and I've talked quite a few times. He has what's called the AI author. And he teaches people how to write books with AI. And one of our one on one clients, Erica Basara. She's doing a very similar type training using the client growth accelerators teach people how to do this. So you can even use Jasper to write a book in less than seven days if you want to, and then you fill in the gaps of what it inspires. So it's really like an inspirational tool to help give you prompts for even how to write better as well yourself. Alright, Sylvie, Sylvie.

[880:38] Speaker 1: So I have another question. I am a bit stuck concerning the taxes in France. I don't know if it's the same as in America, what to do

[884:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: is talk to a CPA or an accountant about taxes, CPA. Yeah. We don't offer any legal or tax advice.

[886:25] Speaker 1: Am I, depending of the American? Since I get I will get money from the American people, mostly, I suppose. Do I depend from America? Or do I depend from France?

[890:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know. I can't answer that for you. I'm sorry. I don't know the answer to that last honest that you might need to join a French tax forum and ask those questions.

[893:51] Speaker 1: Forum. Yes, you'd give me a good idea here. I never thought about the Forum. Thank you.

[895:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, or a Facebook group. Awesome. All right. Anybody else have any other additional questions about the six steps about building out your coaching business?

[898:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, I, I'm excited for those that are going to be jumping in there with us. And that's the thing, you know, there's only a handful of people that are going to jump in on this. Most people will just ignore it, think it's just, you know, a waste of their time, they're not ready yet. That they don't resonate with me. So that's fine. For the rest of y'all that are here, I'm thankful for you. And I'm thankful to be able to serve and to help and to help guide you to what actually works and produces financial results

[908:31] Speaker 0: for you. Who else has questions about your coaching and online course business?

[912:00] Speaker 0: And getting more, getting more paid clients, getting more people when running advertising?

[915:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Abby says it says Philippi for it I'm not sure who that is. But Abby says that it's resonated with him from day one. So that's awesome.

[918:49] Speaker 5: All right, Chris.

[920:26] Speaker 6: How do you handle the people and this may have been something you did earlier in your career? Not so much now probably. But the people like friends, family, people who were you know, maybe acquaintances through your social feeds, and they constantly are contacting you for advice to help them in their business. And they want it free obviously, because they think they know you and have a relationship with you and you're just supposed to give that away. So what is the what is the non jerk way of handling that?

[929:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, first you got to define what do you consider the jerk way of handling that?

[931:56] Speaker 6: Maybe this these are some pleaser tendencies. I don't know but basically just being like Um, no, I'm sorry. I don't give away my knowledge for free or,

[934:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: or what have you. That would be a jerk that says that. Well, I

[935:44] Speaker 6: don't know. It's like I'm trying to find a nice way to say that that people don't get offended but I guess that goes back to the mindset thing you talked about earlier with

[938:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, we're not going to be able to manage other people's emotions and stuff all the time. I mean, I have a lot of people that are very upset that I don't just give them free free help and has since gone on to say that it's because I'm racist is why I'm not helping them say that I'm just not a good Christian that I'm a terrible person. So

[948:50] Speaker 6: and that's the problem I guess I've run into is the whole Christian mentality because that's primarily who I work with. Um, yeah, well, you know, Freely you have received freely give, and I'm like, well, freely I didn't receive I probably paid over six figures to learn the stuff I know. And, you know,

[953:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a that's a twisted interpretation of that verse that isn't isn't healthy or even truthful. And so, here's the thing, what you're gonna do, you're gonna have people, especially religious people, telling you that You are anti christ, anti God, anti your religion for you building a business.

[962:21] Speaker 1: So you'll have those people. I have quite a few of them.

[964:01] Speaker 6: So those are the ones we build in the repelling for right?

[964:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I don't even engage with them. I don't even respond back anymore. I, I refuse to even respond back. Now if there's somebody who's close in your life, a you got to really take a look at okay, do you have to be close with them?

[970:47] Speaker 0: Sometimes we feel an obligation because of relationship and sunk cost fallacy to give to people. And I had some people telling me that that I was, and I fell for it too, honestly, here's the thing. Those people they're trying to use spirituality to manipulate you for their own personal outcome. Let's get real about it. They're trying to intimidate and coerce you.

[978:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: And and you want to know what intimidation and coercion to get somebody to give value is, it's it's a form of labor trafficking. And so if you're allowing people to traffic, your labor and knowledge, that's a choice, basically. And so that's actually what I've told, I have told people that if they really get offended by it, I had a guy tell me that. And he saw he actually he blasted my name around the whole Christian community, that I was a wolf in sheep's clothing that was operating out of the occult, and that I was bringing curses on every single ministry that I worked with. And he said, The only way outside of me not doing that is if I gave him 40 hours of my time to write his sales copy and submitted to His authority for free. And then if I didn't, that was outside of God's will.

[994:06] Speaker 2: So Oh, wow. Yeah, I've

[994:41] Speaker 6: had nothing that extreme.

[995:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so that was that? Yeah. So I had that. And then he went to people literally, that trusted him. And they told them to not work with me. And I had a signed contract for over six figures that got ripped up because yeah, but then I'm like, Okay, wait a second, I just passed the bullet of needing to work with somebody that actually operates with that way of thinking. So now that's actually a blessing. And that's one of the coolest things is that when people drop off in our life, because we're living, how we're meant to live, it benefits us and we start working with people that are healthy people. So I don't have any of those people around me in my life anymore, which is awesome. Now, I do got people that hold me accountable. They call me out on stuff. I got all that. But yeah, Nancy, what's up, Nancy?

[1011:21] Speaker 1: Oh, hi, Jeremiah. Hi, everybody. I first want to say I really appreciate being here. It's just a marvelous thing. And every session, you give it to different even if it's the same training, it's always different, and you always have value. So I really appreciate this. You're welcome. I want to make a point about mindset. First, I have another question. But mindset is pretty important to get that first. I've been working on mine for a year since I've had long COVID lost my job had to move back home got divorced, like, what? No, honestly, I'm liberated. Everything can fall apart with bang, you know, but I had to go back and reevaluate so many things. And it's like, it's so good to get that done. But what I found out that if you don't get the mindset, right, and keep working on it like that, it's good. Even if you get all this stuff done, even if you have your whole business set up. Your mindset is gonna sabotage you later if you don't get it clear. So to keep working on yourself, and keep getting clearer and keep getting aligned with with how you truly made to be and how you truly made to serve is so important. It's really key. When you talked about how to build out your business, I'm interested in seeing what a life doing this looks like. What is like a typical day for you. We talk about building out your business, what kind of things happen after we get out there and get some clients?

[1035:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. Also, I need to start documenting that on my social media here on my Instagram stories. I think that that's a huge aspect of, I think the growth in the next life level of where we're going in my business is showing that and so like Thank you, Nancy, for that question, because that's such a great, great response. It will start with building out the six steps. First slide, that's the process. One thing that I tell people is don't take longer than 14 days on any specific step, you give yourself a 14 day time limit on each step, I'm going to only spend 14 days to find my niche, I'm only going to spend 14 days to make my offer copy. So it's got you got two weeks to do that. And whatever you finished at that timeline is good enough to go. Because otherwise, we're just overthinking it and talking ourselves out of our good ideas at that time. And that never comes from a healthy place at all. That's why I was able to create this offer. For you guys, I've gotten to the point now. And I've optimized my life to where I'm optimizing and doing it to where I can literally go from idea to offer in 24 hours.

[1058:17] Speaker 5: And it doesn't take

[1058:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: more than 30 minutes of my time to do that. Okay, so last night. This was 30 minutes. So why this and so then I'm able to send it off to a, because our business is making this profitable. Now I'm able to send it off to somebody to create the page to add the auto responders to to create the VIP to put all that together. And I just send them the quick videos, they create the Facebook group do all that. Now, if I'm doing it myself, it takes me about four hours, I've clocked it now, it's about four hours to do a whole funnel like this, from building the graphic, to putting it on the page, to linking it to the MailChimp to writing the emails to setting up the Zapier and all that. If it takes me four hours, it might take you eight to 12. But that's why I said, now you got 14 days to do your landing page and your funnel. So you do one hour a day, one hour a day, you'll get it done in two weeks easily. And then we go into a promotion cycle, you promote it for 14 days. And then you analyze those results. Obviously, you can analyze the results in about two days. So what you're looking at is basically a two month cycle for beginners. Because you analyze the results. And then you repeat, you go back to step number one, it's really just a five step system. And you start over you spend 14 days on finding your niche writing your copy, and you'll get better at it toward it, instead of it taking 14 days, it might take you only seven days the next time. And it might only take you two days. And then you get to where we're at to where it only takes us an afternoon or an evening to launch a new offer out to people. And so then what we do is if I can just make more offers to people, our business grows. But it's keep making more offers to people. Okay, so, and the offers have this focus, getting people on your email list. Your email list is the number one most important thing that you need to grow, you need to get people on that email list. And you want to be growing your email list with new people every single week. And then you want to the if they're on your email list, they might not buy your coaching right away, like so like for instance, Nancy, you've been through a couple of free events with me. The idea is I'm building trust with Nancy, through these events. And eventually I would hope that one day she becomes a client where she just keeps buying the VIP and all my events. I'm great. I love it. She's getting results out of that she's crushing it. The fact that she's showing up and asking questions I'm so proud of give her a hand. Let's go Nancy. Nancy Hamilton, the rock star. Amazing.

[1109:12] Speaker 1: Thank you. It's a pleasure to be here. I'm honored

[1109:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be here. Yeah. And so so in that we're able to build trust with our target client. A second what Leila says Nancy rules. Lila is a good scout of of talent too. She can see people that have amazing, incredible giftings and I'm telling you, Nancy, you have an incredible gift and you have an incredible message. And it's time to stop holding back and it's time to start letting it out and let your freak flag fly. Let's go.

[1119:41] Speaker 1: I have one thing that I I'm not sure about Okay. Okay, I come from a background of teaching and training and corporate training we have, after we've consulted, we have everything ready before we go in, I understand that we're learning as we go about our, about our target audience, another client. I just, I have to, I know I have to change, but it's about what do I do to know what I'm going to offer people if I haven't planned it, or, like, I only have the first two sessions ready or something? Well, you're

[1129:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna figure it out. As you map out the offer, write the copy and launch it. So you'll you'll be mapping it out while you're doing that. Because what it'll end up doing is, here's how we do it. What do you teach? It's everything that's on, on your landing page. So what am I going to teach on these five days? Well, I've, I've, this is my this is my syllabus, is my page that people are signing up for. So I'm going to teach on this. And so that's why you actually are able to map out what you're going to deliver, and then you deliver it to people. But what you need to have is a feedback loop where they're telling you what their questions are. And you're able to craft and design it in an interactive way, the value of what you're selling goes up. And we recommend that you sell for a minimum of $1,000. Your offer. Okay. And you can do events like this, where you got a $7, VIP, a $17, you know, to attract people to build that trust. But essentially, you know, for me, my client growth accelerators 2000 A year is what it what it was and, and so for $2,000 a year. I don't work with anybody beyond or below that price. At that same level, I'm not going to write your copy, I'm not going to be reviewing your offers and your landing page. And doing that. That's just very time consuming. And I did that for years in the trenches. And so now I'm elevating the level of value of this program toward that's the only way to actually get that from me. So but you can join these trainings. Yeah. And it's, it's helping get you prepared for that level. So you do the exact same thing with what you're teaching as well. Yeah, I

[1163:35] Speaker 1: have no trouble writing it. I'm a language teacher. I've written courses and things like that before. So I understand that even out of structure lessons and stuff. But with coaching the actual material, the resources that you offer people during the trainings I guess I what I listen one week, and then prepare for the next week or something.

[1169:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I just flow with it live. And I get to the place where I'm not really concerned about messing up or saying the wrong thing. And I just kind of teach it in bite sized chunks, I become okay with the fact that maybe I'm not fully going to deliver everything perfectly, I'm not going to deliver it right.

[1174:34] Speaker 1: We're human beings. Do you do you have a sense though, of that, you know, when they talk about that, that bridge from from desires to outcome, and that there are steps along that branch that that that we helped them get to, to me, that would be like guideposts. And then I can adjust the smaller details within that. I want to set the structure before I go in to know that I were getting where I need to get instead of just sort of rambling through it, you know what I mean? I'm not saying you're doing that, by the way, you always said you your experience already has all that in the I'm new at this is that like that bridge and you plan those steps on, they're gonna be here, I'm gonna get them. They're there. They're like it's the end.

[1187:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I personally don't really map it out that much. I never have the coaches and course creators that I know that are the most successful don't map it out that way. They just naturally learn to flow that way. The people who I've seen, get almost no results need to have things mapped out that way, unfortunately, in my

[1194:13] Speaker 1: experience, what I needed to hear, that's what I needed to hear.

[1194:56] Speaker 3: So

[1195:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: just like you'll map it out as you go, you're an expert, experientially, you'll map it out as you go. Now if you go learn from it, there's there's a ton of other people out there that teach you how to create a course and how to create a coaching program. My string And I'll be honest, is in client and customer acquisition. So my strength is in acquiring clients. So if you choose to do something yourself, the problem is that the last person I talked to that told me that they needed it mapped out like a syllabus, like that was six years ago, and she still is in the same place six years. Now. So when I hear people say that I, you can choose to do that, but you'll be in the same place. Six years from now, unless you

[1208:48] Speaker 2: move forward.

[1209:18] Speaker 1: Now, you freed me from that model, that's fine. I just want to make sure I can put that put that out, you know,

[1211:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. There's also there's a whole segment of the industry that judges what I said, as unethical, and lacking integrity. And that, basically, I'm recommending people, defraud other people by selling something that doesn't exist, I wouldn't recommend that you do that explicitly, I wouldn't recommend that I would recommend that you teach and share from experience. If you're teaching from a book that you just read, reference the book. I teach from these two books all the time, but I referenced them as well. And so like, it's a lot more fluid, and just a big part of it is, you know, there's gonna be outliers of 5% that are just they're not going to be happy with anything you do. Oh, yeah. And they're gonna judge you. And it's usually a very perfectionistic academic background, people that find pride and identity and how much their knowledge is. And so one thing that I found is that detaching our identity from knowledge and intelligence is really powerful. You know, growing up, I was told all the time, Oh, you're so smart, you're so smart. And anytime I was not smart, it equaled. You're not good enough as a person. And so sometimes we also struggle with that to where we could feel like we're not good enough as people, because we don't know everything, and realizing that our value and worth has nothing to do with what we know or even our performance.

[1235:51] Speaker 1: The writer, Melody Beatty, she writes about codependent, she calls that a healthy detachment. Yes, you want a healthy detachment? And I remember that phrase that people say other people's opinion is none of my business.

[1239:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah.

[1239:30] Speaker 1: That's it. That's it. They're usually telling you more about them than you and yeah, what? Whatever Do I just say You're welcome. Your opinion? Whatever. Right. Okay. Thanks very much for this. That really tells me what to do to go forward and have a lot more faith in myself and what I have to offer.

[1245:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's credible. I love it. Awesome. Thank you. Right, Lila, last last hand raise, go with you. And then we'll log off here.

[1248:33] Speaker 3: Yeah, I had to lean into that. Because like, I have a lot of experience in post secondary. So I totally get the creation of the content before it's even have one student right entire outline syllabus, is everything wrong with that, of course, is that when you get into that into that classroom setting, and students have questions that aren't actually even a part of the training. So what I think I'm getting my breakthrough and all this is not only is that the model I have to leave behind in order to do this, but you're getting tons and tons of feedback all the time. And so what I think I'm learning from this whole session, too, is that the feedback that matters is the one that's coming from the paid client, but actually want to accept and move forward. And I think that's the massive distinction that is just had made my brain explode. Because you're you're getting people blaming you shaming you hating you, liking you, like you're getting all this stuff, but the only feedback that matters is that paid student that genuinely wants to do the work and show up. And it's something that you said a while back that really I think has changed my life when you said that. When people ask you questions, is it coming from genuine excitement and and authentic curiosity? Like is it coming from from they really genuinely want to know? They're not trying to interrogate you? They're not trying to trip you up. They're not blame or shame you. They're actually coming from this really genuine place of wanting to learn. And that's where you lean in the training.

[1271:57] Speaker 0: Yeah, totally. I love that.

[1272:24] Speaker 2: It's so good.

[1273:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I feel like you know, you inspired something in me just now when you said that is I had a an experience where I was the marketing director of a Christian university, and was told by quite a few people there that I was destroying the legacy of the organization by recommending this model for their online school. Not that I was bringing harm to many. And that I was completely tearing down everything that was built for 70 years by the founders. Simply by teaching this and more choice words, realizing that like, yeah, that's a pretty fragile legacy. That's the thing, the legacy wasn't that fragile. I was showing them how to how to market and get more students and doing this. And I'm saying, Okay, we need to like, listen to what they want, and like, ask more questions and develop it out from that

[1290:57] Speaker 2: than

[1291:55] Speaker 0: I had to learn like, you're not going to please everybody. And you will have people that are going to massively mischaracterize you, in this industry.

[1295:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have to focus more on being our biggest cheerleader because of that. Because the more you grow and reach people, the more critical people get. And then we have our own internal critic that starts coming after us. Now, it's not that the internal critic is a bad thing. Because it can help be a good project manager, it can help lead us to make good decisions. You know, it can help us keep our promises. But realize that we don't need to run our show based off of what critics say that critics don't have to be the director. Boom. Yeah, that critics don't have to be the director, because here's the thing is the director and the critics are never going to agree. That's the way in the, in the in the film industry especially. And I like it, I like in film storytelling to coaching. In a sense, when I'm doing a presentation on a live teaching, like I was just doing, I see it as sort of like this is that's the show I'm on a stage. It's, it's a show, I'm acting for two hours. And so there are certain things that are even scripted out and nuances of what I say, that I know are very, very effective to achieve the outcome that I'm looking for. And one of those is where I try to focus on mindset for the first 30 minutes, just to make certain people uncomfortable. And so that's part of the play, that's act one right there. And I see it as it's like a one person play that you're doing, or you might have a two person play, where you're acting out this, this role, and you're inviting people to that play. So like, you're gonna be joining me for these five days. And I am literally going to be giving you the best performance of my life during those five days, and that's going to, to wow, and inspire you and you're going to love it and enjoy it and it's going to get you results. And so that's a way that I've started to look at it but realize that it's not like the film industry in the sense of like I could flub up and I can mess up and it's not going to actually ruin my value. It's not going to actually change how the right buyers perceive me. So for instance, like if Scarlett Johansson is on the screen, playing a role in Ghost in the Shell, which is a crazy movie, if you've ever seen that, about artificial intelligence taking over the world. And she like messes up that line in that movie, like the whole movies ruined, essentially, like, but there's not that level of pressure when it comes to building your coaching business. Because I could flub up I could say something. I don't know if anybody caught it. But at the beginning of the recording today, I yelled, well, great. Now I'm gonna probably piss my pants. Because I had to go to the bathroom and somebody was in the bathroom. I said, Oh, great. The microphone was just on now everybody heard that. But you know what, that didn't ruin and even me sharing that with you isn't ruining your perception of me, or my reputation or value of the message that I bring to the table like it is if you're acting in a movie. So sometimes we have to realize that it's okay to mess up our lines, right? We're human. Yeah. Somebody says you're human. Not a thank God Exactly. But we use an AI supercomputer to help us build our marketing and I will say this, I said this last week, my clients that work with me are going to run circles around anybody who tries to build their business without my methods. They will make more money. I will destroy the best efforts of anybody. And it's not because I'm trying to hurt anybody. But it's just the people that work with me and follow what I teach are going to get the best result. Because I will make sure of it. Because I'm that invested in making sure that people succeed. And, you know, I sent Lila a few voice messages this week to inspire her and Ave this week. And what I want to do is I want to help raise up and inspire 1000 people to become millionaire coaches, and course creators. That's my mission. So and I believe that there's one or two of you that are on this call today, that might be one of those, hopefully, more.

[1372:30] Speaker 0: But what does it take, for me to go find a complete stranger on the internet? Who has no trust in me, at all, probably even is skeptical of me.

[1377:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: For good reason, because there's enough charlatans out there that are crappy, and don't help anybody. So I want to honor that fact that that's just natural for them to feel that way. And I can't be upset that they think that and then how do I get them into my ecosystem, build trust, and transform them into a multimillionaire? And I'm the director of that whole. Epic?

[1385:34] Speaker 1: How do we do that?

[1385:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: And every story is a story in that epic. Lie Lois. Story is being written right now. Joshua Giles story was making $150,000 Rick pinos was making a million dollars in one month. These are the stories of the epic that I'm creating as the director of my coaching business. And that's the exact same way for all of you. For you to have the kind of impact that you want to have, we got to look at it from that perspective, as a director, writer, who is scripting out and crafting out the experience. And that's, that's what we're going to be going over

[1397:02] Speaker 2: during these five days, is how do you

[1398:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: develop your really develop your script? Because that's what this is your perfect offer? How do you position it? What to say, to make sure that people actually want to listen to your your story? And then how do you put it out there and launch it on autopilot and then reap the financial rewards of the show that you're putting on. And I say show, because we do a lot of this stuff with live events. We do live events where we show up and we host a five day experience like this where we host, you know, today this afternoon was was a one day live event where I drew people in, by the way, I only marketed this for four days. I don't know if y'all realize that. I only marketed it for four days. I could do that every four days for the next year. And I know my business is gonna grow to 10s of millions of dollars by pulling in new people by engaging with people. Now here's the cool part about it is as that starts to work, you can automate the whole thing to where you don't have to show up like I'm doing right now, eventually, I'm not going to be showing up for q&a for people for $7 and $17. Because it's just not worth my time to do that. Because I have my show so dialed in that it's turning into clients without me having to be there. And that's what we got Rick Pitino to where every single promotion that he's doing now is a recording. It's the same recording that he's been running for six months. And all he shows up for is one hour twice a week. So like that was that was pretty incredible as is building it up to that process to where it runs itself. You're you're actually sort of making money off of the work that you did and building that out. So, but the process of building that out as we're writing our epic story, and we're writing the epic story of your clients and what they will be experiencing and you're writing the episodes and you're creating that and that is what is then birthing into you having a 20 to $40,000 month coaching business. Okay. All right. Well, hey, thanks, everybody for being here.

[1437:37] Speaker 0: Thanks everybody for checking this out. Again, my youtube channel also has do a ton of videos for free,

[1441:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: that are apt to want to start creating online courses that are at this level that I pour into on the podcast every week. You can go under live videos or here, these are all the live ones where I'm walking around top secrets for running ads, Facebook ads have changed how to virtually guarantee results. Stop beating yourself up mental punishment, self care, million dollar storytelling framework, the process of priests, these are literally all videos that are just free on my YouTube channel that you can go binge, and they will change your life. So you got the videos tab here, which is basically all my uploaded videos, the podcast, but then the Live tab on YouTube has all of these nearly 1000 lives that I did, where I'm just talking to a camera and I'm helping you dealing with trolls and haters, how good marketing is like seduction. Why you must charge more in your business. You need a value ladder, your thoughts gatekeeping and cancel culture? are my thoughts on canceled culture concerned about not being good enough? Why do we care what people think? Why delusional affirmations create results being delusional about your dreams will help you. So I break a lot of that down on the on the YouTube channel. So I'm telling you, there's no reason no excuse for any of you to not be millionaires. But the truth is that statistical averages are most of you won't be, that's okay. And maybe you don't want to be you'll, you know, make $20,000 a month in your coaching business and retire on that like working five hours a week. I mean, come on. Like that's incredible. But most of you even statistically will not be that either. And that's that's entirely on you guys.

[1471:20] Speaker 1: That's entirely up to you guys.

[1472:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a choice. That's why I tell people it's a choice to to be to be broke. As a coach or a course creator. When you know this information when you have access to this information, I truly believe it is a choice to not make the kind of money you want to make if you know this information, right, because most people don't know this information. And so like obviously, like they can't choose that but I believe if you do know what I've just shared with you, it's 100% a choice to make as much or as little as you want.

[1481:06] Speaker 0: So I can't wait to work with many of you through this. I'm excited to to see who jumps into the client growth accelerator who I end up coaching with you know

[1485:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm also excited to offer the financing some of you will be able to actually finance this at less than $40 a month if you have the if you have good credit to be able to jump in at that level which will be good. So when we open the doors next year, that'll be a good fit for you. So get on the waiting list now. In the meantime, keep plugging into the YouTube the financing link isn't available until we actually launched the program until we actually opened the doors back up to that so if you're wanting to finance one on one coaching you can skip the line it's $30,000 to do so.

[1499:43] Speaker 0: And so you just put down $1,000 deposit towards that

[1501:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know Lila is one of those one on one coaching clients who took the leap with me and I'm excited to work with her through this so it's gonna be awesome. Y'all are gonna see a big testimony from her. She'd be great. Cool. Hey Wanda, if you're if you are interested in that write me and we can talk about it together we can go back and forth on email. But really, anybody can jump into it, you just pay the $1,000

[1510:21] Speaker 2: right here

[1510:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: you just go here to my website, press purchase checkout and

[1514:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's for the 9000 that we had, we're actually removing credit card for the payment you'll have to wire the money to us. So we're not taking credit card for the paid in full. Will do credit card for payment plan, credit card for the deposit. And then when you get the financing they they have to wire the whole amount To us, so.

[1520:48] Speaker 2: All right.

[1521:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thanks, everybody. Thanks for being here. I'm excited for those of you that took the leap and that you're jumping in. For the five day event, again, I got to update my site and actually put it up there. Launch your six figure coaching, offer five day intensive.

[1525:16] Speaker 0: This is going to be life changing for a lot of you. I'd say want to go through this with me. And then we can look at the options

[1528:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that are probably the best, best step, you got a whole bunch of trainings to I'm telling you guys in the VIP that'll keep you busy for the next the next week and a half until the 12th. You got all these in the VIP right here. And then when you jump into the VIP for the for the five day you get all these saw. I mean that's like that's like a whole college education on itself on its own right there for you to jump into. So I'd say go through some of that. That's gonna rock your world. I'm telling you. All right. All right, everybody. I can't wait to see you on the five day have a good one.

