What My Millionaire Clients Do Differently
Date: 2022-10-30T01:46:57.000Z
Duration: 12 min
Otter ID: JC59jGSpFy5-9dHbQnttFzexSpg
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: For a quick walk here, those that follow me know, I go for a walk throughout my day to process and think about things and I'm realizing, when I'm walking, I should be doing these little like walking talks where I'm gonna walk and talk and, and share with you just what's on my heart and bring some value to you that way bring some real content to you during this time. It's where I come up with some of my best ideas. And so what do some of my millionaire clients do differently? I work with a number of millionaires, Joshua, and D. Giles Rick, Rick Pino, he was a previous client, I started my career with Danny Johnson and Tom challen, and worked with Sandy Kirk hausky. My mom built these $20 million plus businesses in coaching. And so what do people that not just make six figures, but seven figures do differently? Trying to keep the sun out of the shot. That's why I'm like, awkwardly holding the camera. I do apologize for that. Let me go duck down this neighborhood alley here. And then we will. So what do they do differently than the rest? They are communicators. They speak to people they talk, they communicate. And then they connect with people and have done an answer coaching, back and forth conversation with a lot of people to understand what a lot of people care about and want. And if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor, the only way that you're going to be able to grow your business successfully, is by having a crowd of people in front of you, that you're talking to that you're connecting with that you're communicating with the church that you're doing life with and helping them succeed, helping them see success, whatever your thing is that you help people do success with. And so they connect with the people who they serve, to hear what their problems are, and to deliver solutions that those people want. And this is what millionaires do more than anybody else. A lot of people who don't earn a lot of money, struggle to actually communicate with their target client, they struggle to actually make a connection with the people that they say they're going to help, oh, I got this information, I got this course I got this training. But they're guessing what people want without actually working with people that actually want it. And so that's why when we do live events, or webinars, or you do a live broadcast like this, you're able to connect and communicate, I just spent eight hours less doing a live event, with course creators and coaches, helping unlocking them, the message that's inside of them, helping unlocking them, what God has called them to do, what God has put in them the message in their heart and how they find their target customer, the people that want to buy from them. Because really like if you're not selling something, you're not having impact with your message, as a course creator and as a coach, you're not reaching anybody, if nobody's buying what you're selling, you're just serving yourself and your desire to feel like you're smart, and feel like you're knowledgeable. And that's not attractive to people. That's not that's not going to get people to buy from you. And so how do we attract 1000s upon 1000s of paying clients, we just helped my client, my mom, Sandy Krakowski built an offer that brought in over $177,000 per month in recurring revenue and our coaching business with one webinar, one webinar with the methodology that I teach in my podcasts on my trainings on my page on my Instagram. And so if you're a course creator, if you're a coach, and you want to get more help in your business, I have a ton of free content out there a ton of content where I walk you through the steps where I show you what to do. The problem is most people won't actually go through it. Even though it's so valuable, they will go through it because they didn't pay for it. And so that's why I charged $24,000 for one on one coaching that's why people will gladly pay me $4,000 an hour to coach with me and their business. We get around this turn here. How are you? Good. I'm just going live I'm not I'm live this way. My neighbor was going by so saying hi. When you get a call Out

[80:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: of people in front of you that you can communicate to, and you make offers to them. And you tell them, hey, I have this for sale, and you ask them to go buy from you, you you, and you promote your business and your coaching offer. And you tell people about everything that you offer. And you ask them to actually become a client of yours. That's how you make seven figures in a coaching business. That's how you make six figures in a coaching business too. But that's the one thing that I notice that most people don't do is they're so focused on becoming the best coach, becoming the best trainer becoming the best mentor saying all the right things that people want to hear. And mapping out their course and mapping out their coaching program, my other arm was getting tired, mapping out their course mapping out their coaching program spending all this time coming up with what they're going to teach people, and when they never even have people in front of them to teach. And so the most successful millionaire coaches and course creators actually get a crowd first, they get the people in front of them first, and they listen to what those people want. They don't assume that they even have any clue what those people want. They don't make assumptions that they even know. And it's funny all the broke coaches think they know what everybody wants. All the broke course creators think they know what everybody wants to know, I don't mean that to be harsh. I don't, don't say that to be like critical. Because just weren't taught this. Most people weren't taught this, you want to get and gather a crowd and Buddy around you, before you even record your first course session. Before you even do a coaching call. Because you want to have an offer that's out there that builds a community that grows an email list for you to sell stuff to. If you're doing anything else. But growing your email list to sell to people, you're coaching and courses, you're wasting your time, you're not gonna make any money, you might impact some people, but you're not gonna make any money, you're not gonna make a dime. Well, you might make 1000 $2,000 a month, that's how much most coaches make is 1000 to 2000 a month. And then the 1%, the 1% of the 1% or the ones that I work with, that are multimillionaire, DECA millionaire coaches, the ones that we work with the ones that we help generating 10s of millions of dollars in one person's business in one niche. And this is what separates the 99% from the 1%. And the point 1% is they're not marketing, what people want, and selling enough, they're just they're so focused on how do I coach better? How do I teach better, you can get better as a coach by having people in front of you to coach. That's actually how you're going to do it, you want to and I'm going to use this word, you want to experiment on your initial group of people. You want to actually make them be your guinea pigs, your case study your test and subjects initially to get better at coaching. And that's why you might do a coaching initially for like seven bucks, right? There's this message out there that's so stupid. That to make people test subjects makes you unethical as a coach and that's you don't have integrity, and that only people who are all tra s experts can actually be a coach and I don't agree with that I do agree that you need to deliver results. I do agree that you need to deliver on what you're saying if I didn't make millionaire coaches I would be a fraud for telling you that I do okay. And so keep that in mind that I'm not encouraging you to defraud people or to do anything unethical or to lie to people. But you know more than most people what comes easy to you what's boring to you might be the hardest thing for somebody else. And they would pay you 500 $397 To show them the solution to that and then you just find 1000 people that need that. And you made six figures

[155:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: 97 bucks, we tell people to sell stuff at $1,000 per product $1,000 per solution that you help people do. And so you just find 100 people that need solutions. How many of you in a year could find 100 people that need a solution? Solve in one year, my program that I do, my group coaching program is $2,000, I only need to find 50 people. And we already have hundreds in there. We already have hundreds of people in there that pay me $2,000 to coach them to teach them. And so right now, the doors are not open to my group coaching program, all I have right now is the one on one coaching. But we're gonna be launching a sale here soon where you can actually get one on one coaching with me for $15,000 instead of 25. So I'm discounting it just a little bit. And you get a membership a whole year to my group coaching program along with it. So it kind of breaks down to 13,000 for the coaching for six sessions, six hours you and I on Zoom, working together to build your coaching business, where I get to go in and help you with your copy your offers your ads, helping you create the landing page in the funnel and map it all out and get it out there to reach those people to reach those clients that are going to make you a ton of money. Okay, so you go to my website, the link on here, schedule a discovery call and we can talk about your business and getting you the results that you want. If you want to become a millionaire coach, or if you already are one and want to go to that $10 million level that ain't your level. We work with people at all those levels, okay? So that's what millionaire coaches do differently. They are unashamed to promote what they offer all the time, consistently all the time to people. Once you do that, everything changes your income skyrockets.

