LIVE Training Client Growth Accelerator
Date: 2022-10-24T18:35:20.000Z
Duration: 94 min
Otter ID: v1eHR6lVYRZjgs6aYbdG4sUJeNA
---

[1:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here we go everybody. Welcome welcome. Welcome join us live on zoom here go in the group All right. Hello, hello. Hello, everybody. Hello beautiful people. Happy Monday. Happy Monday morning. How's everybody doing today? This is awesome. Hi, everyone. Welcome welcome. Listen, I'm, I'm loving the interaction in the Facebook group, people are really utilizing it for for what it's for, like Tina, you posted an area that you were stuck on. And, and so now, within 24 hours, I plan on making a video training that's going to walk you through that thing. That's how a lot of y'all can really like utilize this program is. So here's the thing, when somebody works with me one on one, we hop on a one on one call and we go over stuff, we get to talk about their issues back and forth, stuff like that. In a group coaching setting, there's a lot of people. And so the way you get that interaction, really, I would say even more than these calls, because these calls are like one person's questions. And today is again going to be more training the Facebook group by you posting questions in there. And then we can go back and forth in the comments kind of like even like Dana and I did this week as well. And by the way, that pixel looks good with what I saw on there, which is awesome. You know, getting your problem solved getting stuff figured out, we can get stuff figured out in that group setting like that, you know, so that way, one on one might be $2,500 an hour, whereas you get for less than 2000 a year you get access to almost as good of a level of working with, you know, to get your questions answered to get stuff going. Because here's the thing, I don't want nobody to be stuck. I don't want stuck to be a reason for anybody. And here's the thing, if you get stuck, don't beat yourself up stuck is a natural occurrence. Stuck happens. And so what I love is instead of punishing ourselves when we're stuck, it's like love yourself through it and say, Okay, get curious, why am I stuck today? This past week, I got stuck. Now I did my five days of stuff. But I got stuck in a certain area that was affecting my business and my relationships. And so I had to look at what's going on, what am I focusing on? What am I spending my time looking at? And what is the reason behind why I'm stuck. Every stuck point has a reason behind it. There's never a reason why we're stuck, that we doubt that there's not a purpose behind it. We're not just stuck. And that's just the way it is. Here's the thing that I I've realized you got to a accept the fact that you're stuck. Because if you deny the fact that you're stuck, you'll keep staying stuck. So that's the first step is to admit to yourself, hey, this isn't work. This is not progressing me forward. And that might be one of the hardest things to do is to admit to ourselves, this isn't working. Once we admit that we can say what can I learn? And how can I grow to at least move 5% forward and for everybody that's different. That's different for everybody. That's different for everybody else. Okay. And so that's why again, in this program, you know, this is an opportunity this is an environment this is a safe space, where I would promise you that the reason that you might be stuck somebody else in the client growth accelerator is also struggling with something similar. And so we may feel the embarrassment maybe we are like I don't want to be put on the spot. I don't want to put my my I don't want to air my dirty laundry publicly posted in the Facebook group in that group is that safe space to share what we're going through and, and you don't need to share like all the dirty details, right? But you could share, hey, I'm stuck with this. I'm stuck with this. I'm trying to figure this out. And so I want that to just be a resource for you to use to utilize the client growth accelerator Facebook group for what it is in here going and posting your questions, posting what you're dealing with, and I I just I love this. As far as I haven't even gotten to this question right here. It was while I was sleeping.

[81:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: question, is there a way to get your challenge site to show up on a Google search? Yes, I will answer that a little bit later. We don't do much with SEO as far as we're going. If you want that to happen. It'll that's a little more nuanced as far as building a website out, but yes. And so like, but like Tina asked right here, how do you put a payment page on a landing page. So So where people get there, when they put in their information onto a Squarespace site, it then sends a message and so a, there's two parts to this, I'm going to make a training about how we use jot form jot form.com is a website that it allows you to create these little forms that you can embed on any page. So if you don't want to send somebody to another page, you can have a payment checkout on any page of any website, and then jot form links to MailChimp and links to all your different platforms like that. And so it's a really cool tool that I found that I've started to utilize, at least for my VIPs. To do this, and the free version, you can do up to 100 monthly submissions. So if you're not like doing 100 sales a month, you still qualify to use the free version, which is a 10 payments admission. So 100 monthly submissions, it's still a good value at at the price that they charge for jot form for that, but you don't need to use jot form either I want to I want to say this. Like, if you go Squarespace and you have a button to a product and Squarespace, and then you just have a thank you page on that. And then that links, people, that's another way to do the VIP. Okay, so I'm gonna break that down in that lesson that I'm going to show Tina, but I don't want to digress and get off track. As far as all the technical sides of those things, I really wanted to just talk about like, the five steps, and I'm gonna be building this out the five stages of launching your business, the five stages of launching your business is foundational, and we're gonna, I'm gonna probably pin it to the top of the Facebook group are probably going to make it the group's banner, and Facebook is the five stages. So the five stages of launches, you got your foundation, this is stage number one. Can everybody see can everybody see my whiteboard here, if you can't, you might need to change your, your view to Speaker view. Speaker view gives you a better quality image as far as the whiteboard goes. So in zoom, you can pull it up to where it's just me on the screen. And then you can you can see the whiteboard a little bit better. Okay. So stage number one is it's finding, finding your niche, as far as for your courses, for your coaching for your books, for all of that, and really, this stage, it might take you 14 to 30 days to figure out to really feel confident in if you've been trying to figure out your niche for longer than that. It definitely is related to some kind of fear, worry, insecurity, doubt, self doubt, you're worried that it's not good enough, you're worried that it's not going to work, that's not going to connect with people. And at that stage, you're going to just want to pick at least like two or three ideas that you have for a niche, combine them and run with those and see who connects with you. Because the solution to that problem past processing it for like a month. If you're thinking about your niche for longer than a month and you're like what do I do? What should I do? What topic should I do? Coming up with the topic for longer than that? A I'll invite you have you gone through the finding your niche training. Okay, first off if you haven't gone through the finding your niche training in the members area. Under the virtual event vault there's actually two trainings under virtual event private vault when you log in over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com That's where the courses are under virtual event private vault. There is the finding your next training that I did in October and I also did a finding your niche training in September. These are extensive trainings right here, okay. And I also break down a lot of that in irresistible offers at sell which is the number one starting place course for everybody to go through. If you haven't gone through irresistible offers that sell everybody needs to go through that. It's like the foundations of everything that we go over in this program. So once you find your niche The next step is As you want to write your offer,

[161:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: sales copy, okay. And again, that process could take you 14 to 30 days. I say that because if it takes you longer than 30 days, again, it's point two, I'm gonna loop this right back to what I was talking about, it points to some kind of fear, some kind of worry, some kind of doubt some kind of insecurity, this worry that it's not going to be good enough that people aren't going to understand it, that it's not going to resonate, that people are going to judge it, that it's going to lose money, that it's not going to produce the result that we want. And so we need to address those fears at both of these stages. The biggest thing that stops us from going to the next level of the stages of launch is huge. It's always related to some kind of a fear, or uncertainty. I did a podcast episode, it's not up right now. But it's going to be up this week. And I'm going to summarize the podcast episode is we need to, as business owners break out of the employee mindset of needing to be told what to do all the time, and learn to experiment just to see what happens, learn to take personal responsibility, and stop waiting for quote unquote, certainty. In our business, I was talking to my mom about this this last week, and she said, she literally I was like, Mom, what do I say to people, like they're looking for some kind of a certainty. And they're looking for me to tell them what to do in their business. And she said, shoot straight with them. And that's what my mom said, certainty doesn't exist on planet Earth. expecting another human being to tell you want to do only exists as an employee of a job. Okay, that that, like that's, that hits hard. Because if you go out there to be an entrepreneur, you have to learn to make decisions without certainty, to just test out to see what happens. And you'll either win, or you'll learn. You can either win and it gets the results you want. Or you learn from it, and you adjust and you tweak it, okay. And so a lot of people you can't even learn. If you haven't written your copy yet, it's because we're catastrophizing in our brain about what might happen when we launch, we haven't even launched yet. And we're not reading our copy, we're not coming up with our niche, because we're afraid of when we launch it not working out.

[204:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's usually tied to in our in our lives, this need for certainty before we move forward, it's going to take working through that it's going to take you taking action in the face of what you're afraid of taking risks. And these are these are not huge risks that we're asking you to take. Like, these are not major risks. The risk is at the most is it doesn't work out. And the risk of that is okay, what can I learn if we're if, if we need everything to quote unquote, work out positively in our life, we're not living on planet Earth. That's, that's not conservative living. That's fear based. I'm not ready yet to self soothe and to stand on my own. And really it is if we go back to it's tied to sort of this child, like, I need my parents to hold my hand, I need my parents permission to tell me it's okay to do things. And that's usually where we haven't grown in that area or healed from maybe some of those wounds. Now, you don't need to, here's I'm gonna say this, you don't need to heal from your wounds to take action. A lot of people think that my message is you need to heal from your wounds to take action. Now, here's what I say. You take action while you're doing the healing process. Don't wait until you feel like safe and secure to take action. You're gonna find more safety and security by taking action in the face of what's uncertain in the face of what you're afraid of, in the face of what might not work out perfectly or go how you originally planned. When you do that, the process of doing that, in this business specifically I'm talking about this business might be different in other areas of your life, but I'm telling you how you do one thing is how you do everything. And so you may notice you're a little more cautious in other areas of your life. As you start stepping into being more of a risk taker. I'm not asking you to jump off a cliff and to make unwise choices that might kill you. I I'm saying like, if you go from not a risk taker to you're like 1% of a risk taker 10%, that extra 10% is going to be the momentum of action taking that you need to actually learn what you need to do to launch to the next level. Okay, and so the next level is once you write your offer copy, you're actually going to build, build a landing page. And, and build an offer page. Right? A lot of people are thinking about their Facebook ads, and they're thinking about how do we take payment, and how do we do all this, and they don't have their offer, copy written. Okay. And so with that, we got to realize that starting with your offer, copy is the best place to start, then you got to build it out. And this is the part where a lot of people get stuck because of the technical aspects of it. Because it might be too technical. This is where I say if you're getting stuck, because it's too technical, simplify. Remove, like, features. If you're like, Okay, I'm stuck for a month because I can't figure out where this image goes or where this checkout form goes. Simplify, go back to the simpler approach, the simpler approach might be okay, instead of embedding this payment form, let's just do a checkout button to the Squarespace checkout. Because at least I can get that up in 24 hours, instead of waiting a week or two to figure out this tech stuff. And then you can figure out the tech stuff over the next month, after you've already got an offer going after you've already got an offer out. Okay. And so building out that landing page, honestly, I would say this is about seven to 14 days right here. Because there's not a whole lot of like thinking and processing, Am I doing it right that you need to think about, you'll get to the point where we're we roll out landing pages in less than 24 hours. Because it's like it's a it's a it's a rinse and repeat process, you put the text here, you put the image there, you we test it out, we spend the majority of our time in our business focused on this right here. Writing the offer copy, because we come back to that once we launch it, now you have the stage of launching.

[281:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: And launching as again, about seven days, right there. Because that's you coming up with the Facebook ads, your Facebook ad is going to be based off of your offer copy, your social media content is going to be based off of your offer copy. Your emails are going to be based off of your offer copy. So that's why again, if you're thinking about how do I launch and you don't have the copy written, you're working backwards. Work smarter, not harder. I went over this five steps with my mom. She was like that's the most brilliant thing I've ever heard. So I was like, Okay, I need to make that a big part of what I teach people. Like, thanks, Mom, you don't you don't really tell me stuff like that that often. She honestly doesn't she doesn't like she doesn't tell me like oh that's so brilliant often unless it really is. So like, I appreciate that about her. So this is this is step two. Step three is build your landing page. Step four is launch. What do you think step five is Step five is repeat at step two so you loop yourself after you've launched it you look at how did it do and you analyze the data you analyze the results if it flopped if you got no leads, it usually means one or two things you're either targeting wrong or nobody cared about your offer and don't take it personally your offer just might suck people you might think that people have an interest in what you want your offer to be and they don't and so like be okay with that but but here's what I'm what you'll realize what is related to my offer that's maybe within 15% that I could create. What can I create that's related to that? That's a very, very close example to like with Rick Pitino worship discipleship, prophetic worship, okay. He couldn't sell any of that. Worship songwriting. Okay, now everything blew up. It was just 10% removed, slightly pivoted over from what he really wanted to help people with. And so what you'll look at is how did they offer do and I have never seen In the course creation and coaching business, this might surprise y'all. I have never seen anybody launch an offer go through these five steps. And it worked perfectly the first time. In fact, I've I've very rarely seen that work perfectly their their second time, or their third time. And so like that gives you some grace as like, many of you literally need to launch your offer three times, and tweak the copy just a little bit each time before you start to see the result that you're looking for. I was doing some coaching with a client and she ended up and she stopped coaching with me about two years ago, because she ran an offer once it didn't work, and she's like, Jeremiah, this doesn't work. I'm done. I'm like, Okay, you need to try it again. She's like, Nope, I'm done. I just I know that it doesn't work. It doesn't work. And I'm like, so that's a belief that you got to address, as you gotta address if it doesn't work, which for 99% of people, they go through these five steps, and it won't work. But by looping back through 234, and five, and then analyzing how did it work? Did you have a feedback loop in there where the people actually told you what they were thinking what they wanted, what their desires were? When you launched your offer? Were you asking people did you pull them? Did you ask them? What objections do they have? What kind of Facebook comments did you get from the launch? Did you get any feedback? You want to get feedback from people? Did you email those leads that didn't sign up and ask them why they didn't sign up? That's a big one. I got that one from Dan Kennedy. And it's actually revolutionized my business. After I run a big campaign. I take all the people who didn't sign up and I send them a quick email and say, Hey, real quick, can you help me out? Can you let me know? What was the reason why you didn't sign up?

[355:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And people can either choose to ignore it or not. I was actually afraid to send that email out. Because based off of my trauma, I felt like I would be into inquisitive people and making them feel unsafe by doing that. When you ask it in a way that's more just curious, like, I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to ask them. And I made it clear, I'm not trying to ask you just like to convince you to buy from me, I want to know how I can improve my process. And so when I flipped it that way, and I'm like, I want to improve my process so that I can impact more people. Can you let me know why you didn't jump in? I got a ton of people that wrote me back and told me why they didn't jump in. And it literally gave me the exact feedback that I needed. Here's the truth. Most of those that wrote me told me it was the price. Okay. And I looked at the ones who said the price and then I analyzed, okay, the people who said it was the price, what were their questions on our live calls. So when I did my free offer, the people who said it was the price, What questions did they have, and I realized that those people I was targeting with my offer, never buy from me. And so then I tweaked my offer to where I'm no longer trying to reach those people. I tweaked my offer to where I'm no longer trying to reach those people. I'm finding more and more in my business, that I need to target people that want to get more clients versus want to start and create their first course, I'm just realizing that that's going to be more my tribe, my group of people is the ones that want to actually go through these five steps, not the ones that are struggling to do step number one. Now, if you're somebody again, who's struggling to do step number one, go through the trainings that are in the members area, go through in the private event vault, the training under September 2022, starting your own coaching business, finding your niche and October 2022 finding your niche training, these are like these are really good trainings and my call to action to it was join my five day event. But I'm telling you I poured myself out when it comes to finding your niche. These are like standalone level trainings as far as how to help you find your niche that are in here. Okay. Now the other thing that I want to share with you is any stage that you're stuck in your business again, we talked about go posted in the Facebook group the courses that are in the members area, we got copywriting mastery, if you're stuck on like writing your copy, there's now four lessons in here that that I go through that are extremely easy to follow. But high level QA copywriting training. That's what I want to say they're advanced level, but they're easy to follow for you to understand how to connect emotionally with the prospect, how to frame your words, how to address objections and persuade people in your copy. And so these four lessons, I'm probably going to maybe do two or three more lessons, and then we're gonna jump into email marketing. These lessons will help you write better copy, if you want to know how to get them again, the most out of the client growth accelerator, the trainings that I keep putting into the members area each week into the into the lessons right now I'm training copywriting mastery, and Facebook and Instagram ads. The trainings in these courses are going to walk you through, as if I'm alongside you and walk you through the processes of the nuances of the technical aspect of doing all of these steps. Okay, start with irresistible offers that sell. They're not by the way, they're not in any order when you log in here, because the thing is, is once you start a course it ends up moving them to the front order. And so in here, like they're not, there's not a way to make the back end of it, put them in order in Thinkific. You irresistible offers that sell is the one that you're going to want to start with. Go through irresistible offers that sell, learn about whom you're selling to building your first offer, finding your Profit Mechanism, a Profit Mechanism is what do you make profit off of if you have an offer that's out there. And there's no way for people to give you money. It's not there's no, it's not a business. It's just a fun hobby. And so you need a Profit Mechanism, something that you're actually going to be selling people to, that you're leading them to. And so irresistible offers that sell is going to help you with that. virtual event playbook will walk you through what do you say in your virtual event? How do you create a virtual event offer? Easy course Creation Blueprint? If you're wanting to map out a course that will go through that with you, transformational coaching, made simple will help you learn how to coach people that are how do I run a coaching program like I do, I have it all in there. And so these trainings that are in the back end here

[436:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: will show you and walk you through the different nuances of stuff, if there's not something that's covered in a training in the back end there. That's what these calls are for, to ask questions. That's what the group is for. And so I'm gonna, I'm going to now transition over to actually answering some questions from everybody. I just I really want to encourage you go through the five steps of the launch, you'll be able to identify, everybody ends up getting stuck at one of these stages, basically. And then it's like, okay, which stage are you stuck at? And how do we get you unstuck? That's really, like, if you go through that process of the five stages. You do as you you do as much as you can. You get stuck. Here's the thing when you get stuck, mentally trying to unstick yourself by thinking harder about it is not going to work. Because you'll just end up overthinking and you'll end up frustrating yourself and you'll want to cry. So when you get stuck and you're in a program like the client growth accelerator, go post in the group, why you're stuck, where you're stuck, ask the questions. This is no judgment on anything. Like literally, there's no reason to judge yourself, you're not going to be judged by anybody in here for why you're stuck. This is part of the process as human beings when it comes to building our businesses when it comes to getting clients to go through this process. It's natural to get stuck. And so when you make it your mission, how do I get unstuck as quick as possible? That's been my mission in my business that has helped me grow so much. How do I not figure this out? But how do I get unstuck as quick as possible? You'll you'll start to move things forward a lot quicker a lot faster for you. All right. Let me see here. I'm going to take makitas Question here in just a second. But I want to see some of the questions or comments beneath said for people who sign up for the VIP are they put into a new MailChimp list? You're right, it's not technically in the training. I go into it at the very end of virtual event playbook. The very last lesson. I go into the follow up training. It's the very last lesson the virtual event playbook. Okay, that's the next one. I've got to watch. I'm almost done, where I go into the follow up. Yeah, after I finished copywriting mastery. I'm making an email marketing course that goes all about email because literally, I'm noticing every question seems to point back To email, email, email, I'll be doing like a dedicated course on that. But right here under Lesson Eight of the virtual event playbook, I go into, like the different follow up strategies and MailChimp and all that right there and how you want to follow up with them what you want the follow up to do, what, there's two ways of doing it, they're either on a on an individual list, but MailChimp does charge you more for the more or less you have. So what I like to do is I set it to where it tags people. And I'll use Zapier to tag people. Because if you're it's actually cheaper than having the MailChimp lists bigger and having more lists is easier. Yeah, both work the same way. Yeah, having more or less or tagging people works the same way. You just have to send your email out and your automation to people that have had that tag, versus you sent it to everybody who's in the list. Got it? Okay. Yep. All right. Makeda, what's your question? Hi, how are you? Good. How are you? Good. Good.

[495:40] Speaker 1: I'm more so comment than question. Thank you for the timeline. First of all, because with with sharing, like the 14 to 20, days, seven and 14, etc. Because I think for me, I have given myself a deadline to try to have this lunch by 11. One. And the reason why I've given myself this deadline is because I'm thinking about the holidays, and just all these things that are to come, you know, they're there to come in the next couple of months. So you can let me know what the thought process is around that if you see sales are slower what you know it has that affected others in the launch. So number one, thank you for that. I am to pin that question. I am a little bit in between two and three. I have I stepped back. So thank you for answering my questions in the group and everybody else that was so supportive, because I was beyond frustrated. But again, I stepped back, I ended up using malar light to kind of help me with more of my landing page. I've used a lot of the embedding step because I've learned that after you did the last session for me, with Canva. So I've been embedding a lot between Squarespace and the mellow light to help me versus just trying to use the sites themselves. So that's been a big plus. I think I want to do just a three day offer versus a five day and just kind of use a topic per day and then close it out just kind of just the same format that we did with

[520:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's the what's the cost of your what you're selling.

[521:36] Speaker 1: I'm gonna do the 97 I mean, you gotta say 397.

[522:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: So three day works great for a nine nine for 997. Okay, yeah, five days if it's more than $1,000 that people usually need that extra two days.

[525:44] Speaker 1: Okay, okay. Yeah.

[526:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: 77? Yeah,

[526:42] Speaker 1: okay, I'll expand it, maybe if it goes beyond that. But again, I will do what you said just, you know, launch with what I have, I'm gonna utilize topics that I think will work, you know, as it relates to a virtual assistant, expanding their business, when I have a couple more things, if it's okay, I would like to put it in the link in the group. I do have Makita devos.com. If you want to just kind of check it out real quick, I kinda have the start of some things. So you'll still see the Brian things I didn't even race yet. But I kind of started it. And again, Canva was a huge help. So thank you for that. And then I have to, I still have to, again, embed the malar light that I used, but I just want to

[540:33] Speaker 1: Hey, hopefully that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I just want to, I guess, kind of share that. And then, I don't know. Thank you just for everything. I just needed to kind of really say that, but it's been challenging. So I can test to everybody that hey, I've been one of those ones that, you know, is so super stressed. But I think it's because I have my own timeline that I'm trying to get through this. And I feel like I'm behind the eight ball. I went back to irresistible offers, like you suggested, I'm 90% of the way complete with that. I've been trying to work

[550:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: a big block for people every time they go back to that course. It's like it worked. And then it makes more sense.

[551:21] Speaker 1: Yeah. So I'm doing a lot of coursework and they're trying to work at the same time because again, it's just my own personal timeline. So I don't know if you can just expound on that piece. Maybe.

[554:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got a couple things. I'll share. I love what you just said. Oh, by the way, I love some of the questions that you ask you. You pull out some of the best in me Makita which is awesome. I might, I might need to have you on my podcast here some time. I got a list of people from the group that I want to have on the podcast and I got to have Lila on the podcast. I got to have a nice on the podcast. I should probably get some of these guys. tooled

[560:44] Speaker 1: for it, I'm here for just trying to, literally, I'm using your format. And you know, I use your website as your website to kind of take some things. And like you said, you have a little bit more than I'm ready for. When I'm ready, I'll add it. I just need to slow down. Because I do have a side of me that can be very aggressive. And when I put my mind to something, I'm like, let's go and I'm getting, I was getting frustrated. Not anymore. But I was getting frustrated, because I'm like, I'm stuck. But just you taking that extra 10 minutes to redo another session, and show me the embedding pieces, I still was frustrated with the square of pasting Squarespace because when I was trying to do another landing, it kept creating a new site. And I wanted to say what my regular domain is. malar light worked out for me, it's just a matter of me embedding it and integrated it now. Yeah,

[574:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a huge thing. So I'm gonna cover a couple things. Like literally, I have a whole training I could literally do off of what you just shared, I got like three trainings out of your question, which is awesome. The first one I'm going to share is this. Sometimes, again, we can get really aggressive with our timelines, realize this, this is something that was an unlock, for me time is like, in the in the in the big picture, yes, we're limited in time, we only have a certain amount of time here on Earth. In the in the reality, though, like time is also kind of just a construct that we make. And that we've created that we use to map things out. It's good to have motivations, but if your motivation is like, okay, it's too short of a timeline, give yourself the grace to maybe extend your timeline out a little bit. What I've seen people do often though, is they extend their timeline out by like six months to a year. Now, that's where we run into problems. But like, that's why that's why I kind of put these like 14 to 30 days. And here's what I'll say, let's say that you, okay, you took 30 days to do it. Now, give yourself 14 days to finish it, if you didn't get done in 30 days, give yourself another 14 days, we're going to extend our timeline, you know, you're not going to get fired for extending your timeline to launch your business, you're not gonna get punished for doing that now we might self punish ourselves. And that's something a that I've had to work on is that there's there's no benefit to mentally beating ourselves up for not hitting a deadline. Because what your your productivity and your creativity is going to come from loving yourself and say, You know what,

[599:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I am growing, I am progressing. And I'm doing better than I did a month and a half ago. And giving yourself a hand clap for that. Giving yourself some praise for the progress that you're making progress over perfection is a huge thing. And so that's a big part of it. But at the at the end of the day, like I said, most of y'all could get stuff done in these timelines, 14 to 30 days to figure out your niche 14 to 30 days for your copy about a week or two to build out the landing page about a week to launch it. That's most people's timeline is doing that. And then as you get better at it, you could do that you could do the whole thing in like, a week. Like I'm at the point now where I can do this whole list in a week. But it's because I've been doing it long enough. A year ago, literally me with my experience, I truly had to like go to Ground Zero and say I'm creating a whole new brand from scratch. After I stopped working with my mom. A year ago, it took me this long to go through everything. It took me a month or two to launch stuff. Because I had so much going on and different stuff like that. And so a every time I gave myself the grace to say, okay, it's okay, if I don't get it done. By this time. That's okay. Okay, so that's the first thing I'll share is just again, give yourself grace, love yourself through the whole process. And and, again, self care pulling back, if you get frustrated, taking a break for a day is more valuable than pushing forward. Now, if you take a break for a week or a month, and now you took a break for six months, well now now we got a little bit more of an issue here. And I have seen people that do that. And again, there's no I don't want to be judgmental towards people that do that. Because I know that there's even some people that are on this call that have done that. Don't beat yourself up for that. Just realize that you that you can do better, you can do better next time. And that's something that my wife always taught me. She's like, don't beat yourself up for the mistakes you made in the past. Just say I'm going to do better next time. And if you didn't do better next time, that's also okay. But then keep wanting to just do 1% better next time. Sometimes we're like, I want to do 110% better next time. And you got to realize progress happens 1% at a time, not 100% of the time. So that's huge right there. Next when it comes to the holiday cycle, I talked about this a little bit on my free call. The holiday cycle people are more likely to buy from you up before Thanksgiving, in between Thanksgiving and Christmas, or after New Year's. And when it comes to the coaching business, it's actually easier to sell to people between November and January and February, you will have more sales during the holiday season because a lot of people are thinking about how can I improve my life? How can I get stuff in order. And so for this industry, we found a lot of traction with that, I would try to have your event, let's say you wanted to get it done by November 1. If you can't hit November 1, at least try to have it be no later than the week before Thanksgiving. You don't want to do anything the week of Thanksgiving. You don't want to do anything that week of Christmas or the week of New Years, as far as like live events and like promotion stuff, because nobody's going to show up they are thinking about their family and for good reason. You know, but you can 100% do stuff. The week after Thanksgiving, we've done that and a ton of people show up. A ton of people show up the week before or the week after the week of. And so realize that like your deadlines just kind of work around those. Now the week of Thanksgiving, you can always do a Black Friday sale to your to your email list and get some get some sales by if you if you do ever offer a discount, I would do it on Black Friday. And on New Years. Those are really the only two times a year that I would offer any discounts. And what it could be is for like instance, notice how I tell everybody grab irresistible offers that sell, I might take irresistible offers and take that out of CGA and offer it, you know, for 97 bucks to my list during Black Friday. Because I know that it's so foundational for people as I will actually take something that I know is foundational that everybody needs to go through and offer that at a discount like that. And I may do even like a like a one time discount on like, a coaching package or something like that. It just depends. But that would only be like once a year, because then Black Friday is a way that you can get away with discounting yourself without devaluing your business every other time of year, you'll end up devaluing your business, Black Friday is a nice way of being able to, to offer some discounts without it devaluing your position. Because it's like it's a one time event and everybody kind of expects it. And we know that that's gonna like you know that you're gonna get a TV for cheaper on Black Friday than you do before the Superbowl. But you know, you're gonna get them cheaper after the Superbowl, too. So

[682:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is funny. So you I think you had a third question two Makita what was that?

[685:40] Speaker 2: Yeah, I think that's I think that's it.

[686:12] Speaker 1: I think you really covered my biggest line right now. Awesome. Cool. All right. I'll come back if I think of something else.

[688:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, no worries. All right, Jennifer, JENNIFER GRAY bill. Hey, Jeremy. How are you?

[690:33] Speaker 3: I'm good. Um, I first of all want to thank you. I. So the last time I think we talked, I was doing video editing. But I've been like, making my music graphics and Final Cut. And it took me like, well, I realized I ended up the time, it took me like three or four months to do it. And then I went through your creators course. And then realized, like, I need to make like Canva PDFs anyway. So I did that. And then I realized, like, I made the process so much harder for myself because I, I made everything really quickly on Canva. And then so I was like, oh, what I made is better than everything I came up with in Final Cut. So I was like, Oh, man. So like, it felt like four months wasted. But anyway, like I'm making progress. So I'm almost done with editing. And so like, I guess my question is about lead magnets. I've been going through your irresistible offers course. And so I have a couple of goals, like I'm finishing this course. But you know, like, I haven't worked on growing my email list or anything. And I guess I'm thinking about lead magnets, but also like I really would love to start a members a membership like, I don't know, maybe at the beginning of the year or sometime soon after that, but I realized like, I don't think I have like you have a vault basically. And I have another course that I need to edit but I don't think I have enough. I mean, I could do weekly classes like weekly teaching people song a week, something like that. Um, so that's what I'm thinking about doing and I guess for that I could see myself to get to do like lead magnets, magnet, lead magnets for that. I can see myself doing like a five day challenge where like I teach like a hook like a catchy hook every day. Um, and anyway, but like the lead magnet for the course. I mean, you say in that course that I should like work on basically marketing the course that I have before I focus on getting a membership. I guess I'm also thinking about how fast I can scale because I'm working seven days a week and exhausted and just I really want to Ale my time or like my time back.

[726:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. What's your income goal that you have?

[727:19] Speaker 3: Oh, well, I mean, I'm close to six figures in my business right now. But I, but I'm working. So I have almost 60 students. I'm like, it's one like one on one right now. And I My goal is to replace that. Your is that your full time income? Yeah, that's my full time income.

[732:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cool. Awesome. So you're i When you say you're working seven days a week, I guess I was like, Are you working a job to us on the lawn so that know your business is making really good money? Awesome. Yeah. So you're, you're at the stage of? So how much do you want to make now? And how much do you want to work? Because that's really the two questions you want to answer is, as you want to start by designing your life, how you want to design it, like, how many hours do you want to work?

[740:44] Speaker 3: I mean, it would be great if I could, well, here's the thing, like I want to scale my time, I want to get my time back so that I can, I'm also a songwriter. So I want to be working on my music, too. But I also like, I want to have a membership group where I can, like, I think you're more so I've been in Sandy's groups for a while. And she said, she got like, sick of teaching people the same thing over and over again, I'm kind of sick of teaching the same thing over and over again. Like, yeah, I would also like to improve my teaching, like I want to teach people to, like, play by ear at a higher level. And then I also want to teach arranging and stuff like that, I could see that for like, a one on one coaching people through, but like, masses need to get results on, you know, just being able to play songs, like pop songs that they love, you know. So that's why I would like to, I also the goal is to be able to work on my music and do songwriting. And also, I'm, I'm a creative, but like, I feel like I'm right now I'm like producing, producing, producing, and no time for my creativity and like, happy.

[759:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would, I would, I would love to look at even and this might be I'd love to spend more time, even if you posted in the group, like, what your offers are, what your classes are a second look at those, I'd love to go over in depth more about your business. And here's what I might do that might actually help me with this group, is I'm going to create a survey that I'm going to send everybody and I'd love for you to like tell me about your business, what your offers are. That because I want to really, like understand more about what people are doing. For instance, I had no idea that you were making that much already in your business. So but you were working that hard. So it's it's a different strategy to get you to where you need to be. But it's the same strategy is what the execution is I have a client right now that I'm working with Nathan Fischer. He went from zero to six figures, but he's now working seven days a week. And so I'm literally working with him. I'm saying, Okay, how do we combine those? How do we take what you're doing? And make? Because are you doing live classes with people? Well,

[778:09] Speaker 3: I go to people's houses and teach them. Yeah.

[779:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I mean, that's people come to a studio and learn from him. So it's a similar thing.

[780:08] Speaker 3: Gotcha. too, but mostly it's in person right now.

[781:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. So we got to get you to where you're because right now you are really still trading your dollars for hours? Yeah, I want to get you to where it's like. I think the first step is you can you can take what you teach people in person and make it into something that's pre recorded. So you've done that, right. Yeah. Okay. Have you sold that to people?

[787:46] Speaker 3: No, that's what I've been editing. That's what I've been next. Okay.

[788:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So that's the next step. My hair

[789:05] Speaker 3: out trying to do. I'm almost there. I've got about I would say I'm about two weeks away from having the product completely done.

[790:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. And so now that comes to the, to the place where you're gonna say, Okay, you're gonna tell your existing students Hey, listen, um, instead of us doing this one on one now, I want you to go through this training. And, and that might be a stage where it's like, because you're gonna have to jump in from where you are right now your trading hours to move into this place where you're doing coursework.

[797:42] Speaker 3: The tricky part with that is my students are all at different levels like and basically I did a lot of market research at the beginning of the year, and I realized like, that'd be Ghana students are being underserved. Because a lot of a lot of people don't want to learn notated music. And what I do is I, I basically use the letters and it's in the same melodic shape as it would be if it's notated. But they don't have to like, learn notation, basically. So I can mix up.

[805:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's the exact same. This is this is reminding me of so because Nathan Fischer is one of my one on one clients. This is reminding me of like the last three calls I've had with him, it was this exact conversation.

[808:42] Speaker 3: Problem, I think it's the problem is the course is for beginners and like, perfect for my beginning students. And I also okay, I also had a question like, so as far as the lead magnet, I was thinking like a guide for beginners. But the thing is, you said don't make it too complicated, or, or I won't get people to buy my course. But in order to do the course, they need to have the basics.

[814:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: It'll probably be pretty complicated. When I when I say that, it's like, is it too complex for them to understand what you're talking about? Grab on to it to where they understand it to where it's like, it resonates with them?

[818:40] Speaker 3: Oh, I think it'd be like always the first step like, say, the first implementation implementation step like that is the first patient. So make

[821:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: that the lead magnet, I want you to go look at what is the majority of your paying clients? And what stage are they?

[823:36] Speaker 3: They are at all different stages.

[824:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Do they have anything in common?

[825:00] Speaker 3: I mean, some of them are more beginners. Like, I guess what I wanted to do is I would like to, in order to, I mean, I've been thinking about this, I've been thinking like, you know, well, it's more just like the students, I want to keep thinking about going to a studio and just doing a couple days a week. And then because, but I guess like any students that are beginner students, I could, like, shift them over, I guess. But the problem is, it's only like, so the first course, it's like five songs, but with three different tiers. So there's like melody, and so I teach, like five pop songs. So there's melody, and then I teach like with bass notes. So both hands with bass notes, and then both hands with like root chords. So like, I have three different levels of all five of those songs. So I mean, but my, what I want for the membership is to teach like a song a week. You know, but the thing is, I realized, like, I feel like I could

[840:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: might not make you the kind of money you want to make though. That's the only thing.

[841:53] Speaker 3: Okay, so like, so like, I'm thinking, Well, let me just so I'm think Canva was so great. I could make song books, and I could literally do like levels one through five, on Canva. And so that could be part of my vault that could be part of like what people get in my membership, it would take me a couple months to create that, but like, I've been able to, like, do Canva really fast. So that way, there's a lot of resources for for, like getting to the next level.

[849:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Okay, what I what I want to do is I'm going to send you the the q&a, like the survey, and I want to, I want you to fill that out. Um, it's a survey that I usually have, like my one on one clients do, but I'm just gonna make it open to everybody. Because I want to find out anybody who wants to fill it out, you don't need to fill it out. But I'm going to make it available this week, just so I can understand your businesses more for you, I think a VSL, where it's like a 15 minute video of you. Because once somebody connects with you on video, they want to learn from you. Okay. And so that's a huge part of it, is you want to lead people to a video of you on a landing page where you're talking, and then you lead them to some kind of like a free class where you're going to walk them through those stages. The call to action after that free class is to sign up for your different, like for whatever your program is.

[863:28] Speaker 3: Okay, got it. That makes sense. Yeah.

[864:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's really about kind of simplifying a lot of the complexity.

[865:09] Speaker 3: Okay, and how long should that free class be?

[865:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: It can be, I would say, three to five sessions. And the sessions can be anywhere from 20 minutes to an hour long. Okay, cool. Yeah. So that's really up to you. Because the idea is, it's the same concept between a three day or five day event. But you're leading people to this to this next stage to where they sign up with you for a paid program. Okay. Got it. Again. One of the downfalls of you having an existing business that's running and you're doing all this work, is you have a lot of complexity that we have to shrink, if we're going to have you working less hours and still making the same amount of money.

[876:21] Speaker 3: Yeah, it's so hard.

[877:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so and so part of that is you're going to have to learn to say no to some things that you've that you've done for so long. To say yes to the stuff that's going to make you more money. Yeah, So that'll be one of the harder things for you. I know. All right.

[881:37] Speaker 3: Well, I Oh, yeah. And I was thinking, Well, yeah, okay. Yeah. I mean, I was thinking like, because I'm making more money, all that money. I'm like, say it's in my savings account to work to do ads with. So like, because of all of my work that I'm doing. Now, I do have the money to like run ads.

[887:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you don't have time to build out the offers you need to and you don't have time to sell to new people.

[889:08] Speaker 3: I mean, yeah, it's a slower process. Chairman, and I'm working on it.

[891:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because that's the big stages, because you're doing all this other stuff. We gotta like, prioritize your time to where you can create these offers, and then sell to people and you got to figure out okay, I want to serve all these people. What's, what is this one course that you can offer for 500 to $1,000? And find 10 to 20 students a month? I want that. Yeah, I'm hoping this course can do that. Yep. So that's great. So you got the course credits and that Yes. And your your stages really is just creating that lead magnet and connecting with what are those problems and desires that people have? The the copywriting mastery course. And what's in irresistible offers that sell help with that. Okay, cool. Yeah, that's the focus of those are, I want to keep this conversation going with you in the group and in the next couple of calls that we're doing. And just figure out like, how we can take that cuz cuz complexity leads to burnout, complexity leads to lack of profits in a business. simplification is what allows you to 10x things. Yes. Because I think you because I think you have so much information. You know, you're you're sitting on a seven figure business right now. But the complexity is keeping you from going there.

[913:44] Speaker 3: Yes, absolutely. Okay.

[914:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Yeah. Keep up. Keep up the good work. All right. Jacqueline, Jacqueline Hill.

[916:56] Speaker 2: Hi, Jeremy. How are you?

[917:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good. How are you? I've been loving your some of your posts and content. It really resonates with me.

[918:49] Speaker 2: Thank you. I feel honored to even have you like it. No, like, I'm

[919:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, like, you post up on my desk. That's right on. I love it.

[921:15] Speaker 4: Hey, look,

[921:28] Speaker 2: I learned from the best you and your mom, you know, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So I have a advertising question. Yeah. So one of my streams of income is through my books. Um, you know, I've always been a writer author. I finally got on Amazon that that sales because I know that's the sales page where they go to I finally got it right where I need it to start converting. I've been running $8 ads to it for about two weeks now. And I'm seeing consistently about five to six sales per day. My main book on forgiveness, that's the leader. That's the one that really buying, but I haven't

[932:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: seen dollars is leading up to five sales. Yes, perfect. That's awesome. Okay. Okay. Really good.

[934:56] Speaker 2: Thank you. And yeah, the ad is converting, they're buying. They're buying the first book in my series on forgiveness. But I'm noticing now that a lot of people are also buying it the buy in the bundle. Okay. I'm, I'm nervous, but in a good way, because I finally got everything converting the right. Way. Yes, where do I go from this? running it through Instagram. But when I look at my data, it's showing that it's really the, the algorithm I guess, or the AI whatever is pick more people from Facebook are the bait than

[946:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably and that's pretty likely. That's also just the emotions on Facebook, especially if you're dealing with forgiveness. You got a lot of people that have that need that that are more on Facebook than anywhere else. So I'll tell you what I told so we worked with an author David Engelhardt, we helped him market his book again, he was getting about a $1 per book sale with the ads that we were running for him. I told him take your book, turn it into a course. Take your books, turn it into a course literally like like just teach your book. Like that's so easy. And the idea is turn it into a course that has like support and now you have $1,000 course that you can market to people. Wow. And so I think like that's, that's probably you got the easiest blueprint to do because you already got a book written. You use that your book looks as your blueprint for your courses. And then you add in that support aspect of it. Here's what I tell people, you can sell a course by itself for 200 to 300. As soon as you add support and q&a, its value is now 1000 bucks. And so you can sell it for a $200 course for 1000 bucks if you include the support. And then, you know, like I said, you only need to get 10 to 20 of those a month. You can Are you sending people straight to Amazon off your ads? Yes, that's one thing, one thing you might want to do that might even make them work better? Is you set up a quick little landing page.

[970:07] Speaker 2: I have one. Oh, you do?

[970:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: You do have a landing page. Okay.

[971:14] Speaker 2: Okay, I have it through. I have it on my website.

[972:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't. So you're using the conversion goals through that. Okay. All right. But

[973:06] Speaker 2: I also there's another platform funnel that you can do as well.

[974:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: So perfect. Yeah. Cuz then that allows you to actually have the algorithm find the right people, because it's, it's tracking it that way with the pixel. So now you can retarget and build audiences off of who's clicking on your book funnel to target for a lead magnet for for like a free event for your courses. So that would again be your next steps would be creating, going through the process of what we talked about during the five day going through what I what's in virtual event playbook, the course that's in the members area, and building out a virtual event, maybe like a three day where you talk with people have for three days around a specific issue and problem. And then at the end of that you lead them to sign up with you to spend the next six weeks or the next eight weeks with you in a program for 500 to $1,000. Okay, that'd be your next stage right there. You're like, cuz you already got the information is just about packaging. And that and since you already know it's converting, the risk is very low for you.

[990:56] Speaker 2: So should I change the link? Because this is the this is the ad that's going straight to Amazon? Should I just go in and change that link to go to book funnel? That takes them to

[993:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: the straight to Amazon's working out, keep that one running? And I would I would try another ad that goes to the book funnel and see if it converts better? Okay. Yeah. Because you don't want to turn off stuff that's already working. Right?

[997:00] Speaker 2: I didn't think so. So keep it running. Right. Okay. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Also, my second question, um, I do want to one coaching, you know, with marketing, yeah, I'm right at, I'm right at 10k. As a matter of fact, I just closed on another person, awesome. on your, on the call with you. I, I really would like I've started, I'm testing out a membership. I currently have 10 people in the membership, they are loving it. That was my way I took that approach to testing. I did take a very low, low, low amount to test it, meaning like they're paying me I think 67 a month or something like that. But it's working very well. They're loving the content, I want to grow it. How do I do that? With raising my price, and I already have them paying at the testing price per se.

[1011:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Usually just raise your price and tell people that like this is there's a certain deadline date when the price is gonna go up. And then you then you raise it at that point, and you'll raise it when you feel like you want to raise it. You know, I would not keep the price the same for longer than six months. Gotcha. If you've been doing it the same price for six months, it's time to raise it.

[1018:46] Speaker 2: Okay. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. Okay. Well, Mark, and I'm getting enough testimonials and enough traction to even leverage that. Yeah. So that was my strategy to awesome. Yes,

[1022:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: sir. Let me let me go in the chat here. So Dana says if I begin with my first course prior to Thanksgiving, do you recommend holding the weekly meeting? Okay, so if your course is during Thanksgiving or Christmas, don't I wouldn't worry about that. If if you're paid one. Specifically, I'm talking about like, like free events, you don't want to run a free event during those weeks. If somebody's already made an investment with you. You could take the week off, if you want it, you want to do that. Like if it's on the day of Christmas, say we're going to take the week off, we're gonna do that. But like, you don't have to, if it's a paid thing, like I don't plan on taking the week of Thanksgiving or Christmas off for this program. But like I'm not going to be running like a free event on that week. I'm not gonna be running a virtual event in that way. Abbe says if you learn trading with Sandy and coaching with Jeremiah, these are new skills. Typical wisdom suggests that's learned two things at the same time. Really, that's a choice that you got to make for yourself. There are two different skills so they're not competing with each other. I think you can learn trading and learn the coaching business with me at the same time, especially because I know people that are in my mom's program are learning a lot about mindset that helps them with their money. I know Monica is in both programs. And so I, you know, I would say as far as, because my mom and I come from such as, like, we come from the same foundation, it's not going to be a conflict with you, if you want to do that. Right now, in the market is the best time to learn trading, because the market is so low. So

[1049:56] Speaker 5: that's good, not about the conflict is about me, actually, you know, me having the ability, you know, to be focusing on two new things, you know, I mean, if I'm coaching, when I'm learning, coaching with you and doing things for a while, a few months, and then I'm learning about trading, then it's a different story. But right now, it's like, I'm just like four weeks, and just into this all, and then trading again, a new thing I'm still trying to learn at the same. So that's about all about me is what do you think the typical wisdom and where people would be able to absorb and be effective in so I don't want to fail into things instead of prosper. So again, you would say like, Hey, man, I really don't know your capabilities. But that's really not I mean, I'm talking about a generic wisdom. Typically, I heard that some of my mentors but then I'm asking you, you know, so this is not a trick question. This is all about me, is not a kowski is, you know, what are they going to do to me? And that's not what it is, I know that you you will provide an honest answer. So that's what it is about. So please, that's what my intention of my question was about.

[1069:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, like you said, conventional wisdom is focused on one thing, but I know that where the market is with stocks that I think everybody can learn that side by side with this. So that's, that's, that's, that's what I would say. Okay, so here's the thing is, I think you're looking again, I think you're looking for me to make a decision for you.

[1075:52] Speaker 5: No, I Yeah. I mean, yeah, I know, I know. I mean, I don't want anyone to program my mind in any, any way. But at the same time, there is something called as wisdom because people who have gone ahead of me, and that includes you would, uh, would want to learn from them. And that's, that's what it is. Absolutely. And I trust. I mean, it goes without saying that I trust you. So.

[1082:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, again, I think it's, you're gonna have to decide for yourself on that.

[1084:19] Speaker 5: Yeah, yeah. So can I ask somebody a question very quick. Somebody who wears I see some, Dana, I think, maybe Monica. Like typically how long you thought, you know, learning those skills with about trading is how much time did you you gave like five hours a week? Initially, just to learn about those. Let's be very quick, because there are other people waiting. I understand that.

[1091:48] Speaker 6: Yeah, Abby, I usually am just on the calls in the morning for trading. And I've talked with Sandy, Sandy and John about this because I also do veterinary medicine and do lots of other things. So yeah, I usually just kind of like the five hours a week maybe I'll glance if I get in on a swing or day trade throughout the day, but I am not sitting in front of my trading view. Yeah, more than the five hours and Sandy and John have both said that that is in their opinions. That sufficient.

[1099:36] Speaker 5: That helps. Yeah, I mean, yeah, that's good. And I know it is all the same. Last Name, Krakowski. So I didn't want to make it sound like a trick question at all. It's not.

[1102:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, I just I think I think this goes back to and this has been a big topic of my I tell people this all the time is is that's a decision that you're gonna have to make for yourself is what you have the capacity to focus on. If we're constantly looking for other people to tell us what to do. We won't succeed. Right, constantly looking for leaders to give us wisdom. And instead of seeking wisdom ourselves and learning it, we won't succeed. And I think that that's one of the unfortunately, I think that the church has taught people that wrongly Is that is that you need to quote unquote, submit to what our authority tells us is the best thing for us. And I don't buy into that BS. Okay, okay. That's good. And so that's a big part of what I did a whole podcast episode this week about is successful entrepreneurs learn to make decisions for themselves for what's best for themselves, because that's what they want to do. Not because they weighed the pros and cons and all that like, like, you can have, you can literally find somebody to tell you whatever you want to hear. And they will tell you that what you will find is what you'll get with my mom and I, which has learned to think for yourself. And Monica and Dana are learn there is like is to learn to decide what's best for Abby, not because Jeremiah or because Sandy said it was best for him. But what's best for him that works for his life?

[1128:04] Speaker 5: Right? I'm not on camera, but I'm nodding. And yeah, at the same time, I'm glad you asked this question. Yep. I'm glad that I asked this question. Absolutely. So Monica, just by just for your nodding. Thank you, Dana. Thank you, Jeremiah. Thank you and everyone,

[1132:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you can definitely learn how to trade I think, I think it's a skill that supports what we're doing here. But if you don't want to build a coaching business, you know, then this group isn't going to benefit you, if you don't want to learn how to invest in my mom's group isn't going to benefit you. It's like, I, there's a book that I love, it's called, it's called f the shoulds and do the wants. And it's a standard for my my life that I've lived as I as I intentionally do not do what I should, on a regular basis. I do what I want. And I have reframed shoulds as wants instead of oh, well, I should be loving my wife more. Well, I want to love my wife more. And so out of that desire that I have I go do it, not because I quote unquote, should because conventional wisdom says that I should. And it's reframing out of our minds. I will I suggest that everybody eliminate the concept of should from our lives, because we can we can make should excuse? Well, I should be doing that. And now we have a whole list of should dues that we point to as the reason why we have not reached our goals. And that doesn't help anybody.

[1153:50] Speaker 5: Right, right. And like you said, you know Sandy's program and this program, they are not mutually exclusive. They they're not mutually exclusive. It could be done together. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Have a good day. Everyone Have a good week. All right. Yeah.

[1158:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Miranda, do you have a question?

[1159:41] Speaker 7: Yeah, my question was dealing with Jasper because I'm still good. And new into it. Have you correctly gesture starts taking you the wrong direction. Like you were doing that one for me, and it started going into

[1162:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: you press Ctrl Z. Okay. So Ctrl Z on your keyboard will undo it, and it'll go, it'll back it off, it'll go backwards.

[1165:04] Speaker 7: Because I was jumping on Jasper and I like I put it in like impact. And it kept taking me to tools like electrical truth drills and screws, like, how did they know? So when you're doing it says you only want to do two words to try to get the results that you're looking for? No more than two words. I think it said Right.

[1170:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: No more than two words. What are you what are we talking about?

[1171:34] Speaker 7: When you're putting your subject in? You know, you're doing your first initial search? Well, the subject that you

[1173:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: put in there is where are you putting the subject? On the sidebar there. Now you can

[1175:34] Speaker 7: in the top right, you put your finish awarded and you hit the search and you have the results.

[1177:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh on answer the public.

[1178:09] Speaker 7: Oh, yeah. So I'm getting confused. Yeah. And so the public?

[1178:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yes. They are only two words on it. What was your question about that?

[1180:33] Speaker 7: Yeah, I just, when I put the word like impact, it took me to like electrical tools and screws. It's like, No, I'm thinking about personal impact, you know, so

[1182:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, well, yeah. So that's where you want to get more specific as to how do you define impact the impact to and how do you define that? Is it fulfilling a purpose? What does that purpose look like? And so like we identify, for instance, I could say impact is the main thing that I help people have in my business, but it's really impact through selling courses and coaching. So that's very specific, right? Does that make sense? Yeah, nothing.

[1191:02] Speaker 7: Okay. Yeah, cuz I finally met. What I'm wanting to do is kind of combined combination of three, which is the identity purpose and an impact. Yeah, helping people discover and rediscover who they are, what they're all about and where they want to do. That's what I want to take me through. All right. Thank you.

[1196:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Ray, do you have a question Ray? Yeah, what's up?

[1198:34] Speaker 4: What up though?

[1199:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: How it do.

[1199:43] Speaker 4: Okay, today Days One, when he was talking to Jacqueline, I wanted to piggyback off of it to make sure that I had the right steps in mind. So I've run a five day challenge. And I offer a at the end, I offer a, a six week course something like that, or whatever, for like 2020 $500 or something like that. Or should it be less? If it's for me, it shouldn't be? It should be around the 2000 mark, or whatever, because it's five days?

[1209:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, yeah, for a five day, you, okay, for a five day 2020 500, we found it's hard to sell something for 3000 on a five day unless you're charging for the five day event, or you're charging for three days. So break down for me what you're selling.

[1216:06] Speaker 4: So it's going to be a relationship course. Okay. And the challenge is actually going to cause I was thinking about doing it for doing well, actually, I was, I was running two scenarios, either doing the challenge for free, and doing a $47. VIP. Yep. Or just doing it for $47 and then making it $97. For VIP.

[1224:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. And that's it. So with that, you'll find that when you're advertising a paid challenge at $47. It's going to cost you a whole lot more in your ad spend to get people to sign up for that. Okay? Because people are less likely to sign up for like paid events now than they ever have been. So if you do it free, I would recommend if you've never done it before, I would do it free. I would have your ask be no more than 2500. If you do it, if you do a paid, you could have your ask be like five to 10,000. Okay. So like if it's if it's 47, as your goal is to get up to that point, you could have your offer be anywhere from 5000 up to 10,000. Okay. If it's free, I would go no more than 2500 for what you're selling. Okay. Okay, and then have that $47 VIP. And here's the thing, because you can get leads to a free event for anywhere from five to $15. If you do a paid event for 47, it might end up costing you $470 Just to get one person to sign up at 47.

[1243:48] Speaker 4: Gotcha. Okay, because

[1244:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: of that, you want to charge more for your offer to even make back your ad spend.

[1245:47] Speaker 4: Gotcha. That makes it makes absolute sense. And then so my second thing was with my emails, so I have a list of of roughly 1300 People at little over a little under 1400 people at this point. Yeah, no sidebar, I've been getting super super excited when I see people unsubscribe. Because of that, we've been learning relearn it, like it's just kind of like, Yes, get your ass out of here. Like you're Why would I gotta go away. So you got to take enough space, I need people to come and occupy this space,

[1256:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: right? Literally, like, that's, that's where you gotta get is like you you want them to not be in your space? Yes, you want to you want the people you want the people that are constantly like, they always got a reason why it's not gonna work, they always got a reason why your system doesn't work, they always got to, they always got an excuse why they can't do it, they always got a reason you want, you don't want them around you at all.

[1263:16] Speaker 4: And so with this list, what I've noticed, I can't help

[1263:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can't help that. You can't coach that out of somebody. Right? They got to decide to not be that way on their own. They got to make that decision. Now there are coaches, I'll say this, there are coaches where their entire model is coaching that one thing out at somebody, they can usually help coach that out of people. But like, for me, that's not my model. And usually, again, that's going to be more of like a therapy type life coaching model.

[1271:56] Speaker 4: Right, right, right. So with this, I'm down to like a 13 ad, something like that. I want to talk about my open rates. So right now, I get consistently when I send my, my weekly. I mean what I sent out, I listened to what you said about sending out the emails, your wasn't being

[1278:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: at people on your email lists. Yeah. And what's your open rate? Um,

[1280:00] Speaker 4: What is anywhere between 130 and 150? Okay.

[1281:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so you got about a 10% open rate? Because you're Have you have you removed a lot of Have you gone through or removed people that haven't opened any of your emails in the last year?

[1285:05] Speaker 4: I did remove some people, yes, because I had like 1800 on there. And it was from my personality assessment quiz. And so that's how I got so many. And so, so these, these people are opening up and I added to edit a tag to I started, I increased the amount of emails that I was sending out on a weekly basis, I started adding offers, in those emails, as you told as you instructed us to do. And I'm getting a lot of opens, which is great. I'm getting a lot of people saying, oh, that that, um, you know, what you said and get newsletters like that was that really was good. Like that may be where I was at, you know, that kind of thing. But they're not clicking. And so what I have done, though, is I added a tag to the emails for the people who actually open so that I can have them on a specific list. And I also added a link in there talking about the five day relationship challenge to get on the waitlist for it because I don't have a date yet. But I want to jump I wanted to put it out there and let them know like this is coming.

[1305:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's a good idea. Jamal Miller does that. Have you seen some of the stuff that Jamal Miller and his wife have done? Ah, they did a very similar type model with relationships. And so they do usually do relationship and business. And they do a very similar model as far as like a waiting list for their challenge. So that's, that's definitely another way to do that. Especially if you have an audience that's like hanging on what you're doing. And they're really excited with that.

[1313:02] Speaker 4: Okay, so what I wanted to ask what my question is, now that I painted the scenario is about it was I probably know what you're going to say, but I've been around so long is what what can I do to increase the open rates and clicks?

[1318:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so open rate, again, has to do with how engaged like your audit how connected your audiences with you, um, that open rate isn't, isn't terrible, you can increase it by getting more new people on your list, okay, by getting newer people on there. And when you have new offers that you're putting to them, and you have content, maybe you might say, Hey, I just did this, on my social media, go check this out. And maybe you got to like a word for them during the week, to where it's not just offers that you're sending them, but you're also sending them pieces of content, that'll help as well, because then they look forward to your emails more than it being a piece of content, you want it more than it being an offer, you really want people to like look forward to opening your emails, because there's something in there for them that they can learn from.

[1332:01] Speaker 4: Exactly. And so learning from you, that's exactly what I've done. Like the offer I have that I have to offer really reserved where it's like a offer email that's on Saturday, but throughout the week, it's something is the content that's like speaking to their soul, like you know, something that's encouraging them uplifting building them up, and they

[1337:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: still have a call to action. At the end of those two days, I

[1338:23] Speaker 4: do have a call to action, but that offer offer a like was strictly like a sales offer is on Saturday.

[1340:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. How long have a lot of those people been on your email list?

[1341:25] Speaker 4: Since about around June? Okay.

[1342:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, it could just point to, if you're, if you're losing, if you're using a lot of the same subject lines, they could think that it's the same thing as previous stuff you've sent them. Okay, so that could be one aspect of it. That this is this, again, is why I'm making a course on email marketing as the next one that I do, because these questions keep coming in about marketing. Um, what I found again, that increases Oh, I don't worry so much about open rate as to like, how is it compared to different, like one email might have an open rate, a lot of my emails have a 30 to 50% open rate. Okay, because of who I'm reaching. Is it what my target customer really cares about in email? So I see email as another social media platform. Hmm. That's a big way that I see it is it's another content platform, where I'm reaching people where I can connect with them around their needs, desires and goals. And so I'm serving this email platform differently than I might my social media, but I will bring messages to them. I see my email as the more almost like an inner circle group of people. Right. Okay. Like if I really want them to hear this from me, I sent it to email.

[1363:09] Speaker 4: Right. Okay, so then Abdullah writes, right, I'm cool. I'm good, because that's exactly what I was thinking and what I've been doing as I've been making these corrections cost. Thank you.

[1366:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, everybody, thank you for being here today. Thank you for being on here. Again. Just to reiterate, the Facebook group, the value of the Facebook group, there's so much value in posting your questions in the group posting, what you need help with what what you want to, to grow in what you want to learn, going in there in the Facebook group, and just asking questions throughout the week, posting in there, where you might be stuck, what you're struggling with what you're dealing with, okay. And then I'll respond to the questions in there as well. These times again, are more like coaching times, a lot of the training because I'm rolling out different lessons to that, like I'm doing a lesson I just posted in the group

[1381:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: we got lesson number. Lesson number four, for Facebook ads made easy. And lesson number four for copywriting mastery. So I'll post that in the group that it's in there, I don't send those out in emails, the only emails that I send out to the group are going to be for these live calls. Because I don't really want to inundate those that are already customers with emails, here's the thing, if you haven't bought from me, I'm going to send you more emails. If you have bought from me, I'm going to send you very few emails. That's something that like I kind of have a balance of, um, because like, once somebody has purchased from me, I'm going to send them how to consume what they bought. And a big part of that is us meeting on these these groups, and then joining the Facebook group. So the Facebook group is going to be where if you just scroll through there, here's the thing, don't get overwhelmed trying to read through everybody else's posts, pay attention and look for the ones that I post in there. Because those are going to be messages to the group as a whole. All right. So but then you can post your questions here in the group to get your questions answered. And then the members area over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com has all of the all of the classes that I've already recorded, the ones that I'm currently doing are these two copywriting mastery and Facebook ads. We'll be doing email marketing next. And then the monthly training archive has all the recordings to all of these different calls that we do live. So all of the live calls and any pop up trainings that I do go under this monthly archive any of the free events that I'm doing, such as the virtual events, like the five day or the finding your niche training or creating your lead magnet, they're all here under the private events vault. Okay, so we got the reading your advertising script, creating your six figure lead magnet, finding your niche is all right here. All right. So that's how you can best use the platform, can you do a search to locate your post only, I'm not possibly in the Facebook group, you should be able to go to search and click on somebody's name in the group and find what posts that they've made. Again, here's here's something. So I have had some people who they joined the program, and they're like, I can't keep up with all the posts, I can't and then they leave in a month. Don't stress yourself out about trying to keep up with all the posts and feel like you're gonna miss out on stuff. You're not. I want you to get very selfish about what you want to learn personally, about what your unique journey is that you want to learn personally. Okay. So hopefully that that helps, right there is focus on where you are on the stage of your journey, where you're at on those five stages. And then ask questions in the group as it relates to where you're at on your journey, I get that we want to support everybody else in the group. And that's great. But that can become a distraction and overwhelming for you. Don't feel that you're going to be missing something if you don't see all the posts. Or if you're not on every live training or you don't go on every live thing. Again. This is designed for you to work at your own pace and what works best for you. Now, if you're committing to growing your coaching business, you're going to get the most out of it by being on these live trainings by going through the unique courses that relate to your stage of your journey as a coach or a course creator. But you know, I probably have I have about 10% of the people who sign up for this program they drop off in the first month and And the answer is always the same. I'm overwhelmed, there's too much content. I talked to my mom about this, she said, Honestly, like you have 1/10 of the content that's in my program. There's a different reason for that. And it's honestly a lot of people are just, they're not cut out for this type of learning platform is what it is for you to learn in this platform. Beyond the calls, go ask your questions in the group. Uniquely, you can use the search function to find the posts that I make. Notice the ones that come up, like each week, like there's a new post that comes up each week, you're going to stress yourself out trying to go back five months to see what I said for the last five months, they're not going to, you're not going to get a lot of large benefit out of that, you're going to probably make yourself sick, tired and exhausted.

[1454:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so don't do that to yourself. Stay with the program for where you came in at your unique starting place. On Wednesday, we're going to be going over the Jumpstart training for brand new members. And that's specifically for brand new people to walk you through where you are uniquely on your journey. All right. If you want somebody to guide, you hold your hand one on one uniquely just for you. That's what my one on one coaching is for. And so if that's for you that you want to jump in one on one with me, again, I'm going to be doing a public promotion for this. But it'll be $15,000 for six sessions of one on one with me, where we meet one on one, just you and me over zoom to go over your business. And so if you want to do that, you want to skip the line on that you can schedule a discovery call with me to do that. It's $15,000. And it's six payments of 2500 bucks a month, you get a free membership to the client growth accelerator. How does that work? If I already signed up for the accelerator? Well, if you paid in full for the year will prorate it off the year, if you're doing the monthly we'll just add a year on to that month, and it will continue from that point. Okay, some of you are going to get the best out of one on one coaching because you're at that stage where you need that one on one. But here's the thing, if you're at the stage where you haven't even written your copy yet, if you haven't created your landing page, I would work on that through this group. Before going to the one on one stage. I would work on that through this group specifically. Okay. So hopefully that that helps everybody. I'm excited to jump into the Jumpstart training on Wednesday with everybody. I'm excited for for next week. I'm also excited, we're going to be doing the two day offer Launchpad event. It's going to be what I did with the one day last time with the funnels and offer copy live. Okay. But I want to make it today because I really want to dive into on day one, I want to go into some of the mindset and I want to go into some of the the deeper stuff that I don't have time to process on some of these calls with people. And so that's what we're going to be going over on day one and of offer Launchpad. And then day two is going to be really focused on the strategic building your offer getting your copyright, we're going to be able to rewrite a lot of people's copy, we're gonna be able to do a lot of live copywriting on that as well. A lot of live copy and sales exercises during that. So that's this weekend, October 28 and 29th, Friday and Saturday. And ever everything that's in this program is recorded and it's in the vault I see a lot of people do. But once or twice a week ask is this recorded is this recorded, it's all recorded. It's all going to be recorded. So if you're in the client growth accelerator, it's all in the recorded vault. Okay. So hopefully that helps everybody who's in here. And I will see some of you on Wednesday. I'll see some of you on Friday and Saturday and I'll see the rest of you next week on next Monday. I'll also see a lot of you posting in the group. Have a good one, everybody and we'll talk soon

