Day 3_ Sell More Paid Programs In 2022
Date: 2022-02-24T00:29:05.000Z
Duration: 103 min
Otter ID: L2DVOVrbhvs4KGLAcab2Q0DGzRE
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: More paid programs in 2022 intensive This is day number three, if you've been with us for the last three days, I'm so thankful that you're here. I'm so excited that you've stuck with us through this. We're gonna get started in right about five minutes. We got the countdown going on right here. Let me know where you're watching from comment in the window, let us know where you're logging in from. How has been the last couple of days? How have the last couple of days been for you? Have you learned some stuff? I know a lot of people are saying that they've learned a whole lot from being here from being on this from being on these broadcasts. And I'm so thankful for you being here. So we're going to go right into it here starting very soon. Day number three, we're going to get started to help you start to sell more of your paid programs. We're going to talk about everything from your offers and how to create an offer and what's going to convert and what's going to get people to register and buy from you and buy your programs. If you've been watching, we've talked about sales is a good thing. Selling is a good thing. You having sales is a good thing in your business.

[19:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: You having people that are buying from you is a good thing in your business. You having people that are signing up for your programs is a good thing in your business. And so you have to learn how do I reach those people? How do I find those people? How do I find as many people for my coaching programs for my courses as possible to get them to register to sign up for those programs. That's what we're talking about here. That's what we're talking about today. So we're gonna get started. In right about three and a half minutes. Let me know where you're watching from, let me know where you're logging in from here live today. Leave a comment below whatever platform you're on, let me know. We're gonna get started here, right about three minutes. Okay, who's here live, who's watching live who's excited today who's excited to learn more about selling more of your paid programs in 2022 Really excited to start to create offers that actually connect with people, you know, I was just talking to somebody this morning. And they created an offer, but it wasn't connecting with people. Very few people already, were registering. And that's why it's so important to know how to communicate the words to us are so important. I showed you Jasper, but even beyond Jasper, there's stuff for you to think about. And we're going to talk about then we're going to talk about what offers are important for your business, how courses and coaching and how to get more customers in your business. All right. So we're gonna get started here in two and a half minutes to help you sell more of your programs. Let me know where you're logging in from let me know where you are connecting from, let me know where you are reaching out from okay. Here in a little bit, we're going to get started everybody. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I am so excited to have you here for day number three of the sell more paid programs in 2022. We have hundreds of people who registered for this we have different people logging on, on different platforms, we're gonna get started in right about two minutes now. And we're specifically going to be talking about your offer talking about your sales offer. Sales is not a bad thing. Sales is not something that you need to, to think of in your brain as this this horrible thing that like you got to be high pressure you got to push people into you got to make people sign up for you. That's not sales, sales is service. And that's what we teach. We don't talk about high pressure sales, I don't believe that you need to pressure somebody into signing up for your print paid programs in your courses. I don't believe that a professional does that. In fact, a lot of people are looking for what's the right way to trick people into buying my programs. Ultimately, that's not the words they use. But that's what they're thinking, what's the magic little words to use to trick somebody to do what I want them to do. And unfortunately, you're not going to get any of that for me. Because it doesn't exist. It really doesn't. If you have to trick force, coerce, intimidate somebody into buying something from you. They weren't really a buyer in the first place. They're just being triggered and trying to get you out of their space. Do you want to build a business on that where everybody can't stand you and hates your reputation and doesn't like working with you? Because you make them feel sick inside? No, nobody wants that. Okay. And so we talked about that. We're gonna get started here in about 40 seconds, officially. But just recapping yesterday, that's what we talked about. And you don't have to use any of those old school strategies of scaring people into the door to get them to buy from you. It doesn't work. It actually doesn't work anymore, because people are savvy enough to know when They're being sold. Okay? We're getting started here right about nine seconds, who's ready to count down with me 987654 I'm off three, two, I got two screens here. The numbers are different. Zero, man, that was a horrible countdown, my friends. Anyways, welcome today, number three today. Day number three of the summer pay programs challenge. Like we mentioned, the past couple of days, this isn't about high pressure sales. This isn't about pushing people through the door, coming up with magical words to say to coerce, intimidate and manipulate people to buy from you. That doesn't work anymore. Buyers are savvy. They're they don't like to be coerced into doing things that they don't really want to do. And so what we do is we we make it safe for people to show up, to be able to, to say yes or no, and you want to look for more nose. And that's where a lot of people aren't teaching when it comes to selling. You want to disqualify people first, before you qualify them. You might be like, Why would I look for a no, I want them to buy for me, I gotta pay my bills, Jeremiah, are you going to pay my bills? No, I'm

[99:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: not, I'm not going to pay your bills. I wish I could. But by you disqualifying people, your bills are going to be more paid more often. Why is that? Because you're not going to waste your time talking with people that aren't wanting what you're offering them. And so when you show up, you can have the conviction that you're talking to the right people. I know right now that I'm talking to the people that want to learn what I'm sharing that want to learn this. And based on the questions that I've heard and the feedback we've gotten, you guys have loved the past couple days, how many of you guys have loved the past couple of days, the past two days that we spent together, I have an exciting announcement, as well, I was actually going to tell you this at the end. But I'm going to actually tell you this at the beginning, okay, we're going to do two more days of this together. If you want. I'm going to I'm going to show up, it's up to you to show up if you want to. We're going to keep going all day today, like we were but we're gonna have two more days of q&a that we're going to be doing tomorrow and Tuesday, where I can answer more of your questions. So don't be afraid if you don't get your question asked today, or a question comes up over the weekend. And you're not sure Oh, man, I wish I asked it on there. Don't worry about that. We're gonna have two more days of that and actually just posted it in the group. Um, let me share the window right here for you. So you can see it. Bonus q&a days on Saturday, February 5, at 1pm. Central. And Tuesday, February 8, at 1pm Central because I realized that there's so much for us to cover that just three days isn't fully enough to do that. So we're gonna do these bonus q&a days, tomorrow at 1pm. Central, it's going to be in the Grow Your Life Facebook group, we're gonna make sure to get all of your questions answered. So that there's nothing left on the table here. So that you feel like you are fully understanding and completely satisfied with what you signed up here for does that sound fair? I think it does. I think it sounds awesome. So tomorrow, as in Saturday, Yes, tomorrow at 1pm. Central. And Tuesday, February 8, at 1pm. Central, I will be on here. You can make it to one or the other. So if you come up with any questions, you can ask them on those days. But feel free to ask them on today

[137:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: too. Don't be shy everybody. I love answering questions. When we're going to get into that here. My goal is I want to help you be able to to close out to sell out to get more people buying your courses in your paid programs. We've helped businesses over the years sell $20 million worth of courses and coaching. That was one business and then another another business over $10 million worth. We've had multiple businesses that we've raised up past the $2 million mark. Why is it that not everybody hits $20 million. Not everybody has the drive to hit that I'm gonna be super honest. Not everybody wants to hit that level, it sounds good. But when they realize what it takes, they're happy with one to 2 million most people are. That's the truth, and especially in this industry in this business of courses and coaching. But even if you're just getting started, even if you just want to make an extra 1000 bucks a month, how many of you want to make an extra 1000 bucks a month? What about an extra 10,000 bucks a month, no matter what level you're getting started at? This applies to you. And this is going to help you start to get more people coming in and buying your programs. You're going to have 1000s of people that you can reach or even just a few 100 We have just a few 100 Sign up for this one. We have another campaign we're running we have 1000s of people signing up for next week. With a client that we're working with. I see him on life possible Like, my client, Rick Pino that we're working with. And so, if you're a course creator, if you're a coach that wants to sell out of your paid programs in 2022, that's what we're talking about. That's what we've talked about the last two days. And that's what we're going to go into. We're going to talk about the q&a, we got the bonus day tomorrow at 1pm, we got the bonus day, on Tuesday. And one of the biggest questions that came up was, what about the offer? Before we go into that, I want you to get back to something that we talked about on day one. Imagine that you are making twice what your income is right? Now. If you're making zero, making 1000 bucks a month. If you're making 1000, imagine that you're making 2000. If you're making 10,000, imagine that you're making 20,000. If you're making 100,000, imagine you're making 200,000, whatever two times that is, I want you to think about that in your mind's eye, visualize it, how would you hold yourself together more confident? Why are we doing this again, by the way, you might ask, you need to do this exercise every single day in your business. If you take nothing away from this, I want you to get and make a habit of visualizing yourself making twice the impact that you are right now, every single day, spending just five minutes visualizing how would I carry myself differently? If I was making that much, what would I do differently? How would I talk differently? What how would I connect with my friends differently? How would I prioritize my time differently, and then start doing that, right now. The other thing is, is this is that if you don't believe in what you're selling, if you don't believe in yourself, if you don't believe that you're worth people paying for your programs, you're not going to sell anything. I don't mean that to be rude, harsh or mean. But it's it's literally people can read that they can read that you don't believe in what you're talking about. And when you show up in business and don't believe in what you're talking about. People don't want to work with people that are like that, they just don't, because there's 1000s of other people that have more belief than you that have lower quality coaching programs, and lower quality courses that are serving people at a lower level than you are. But they have more confidence and belief, not because of their performance. But because of the level of self esteem. It's a mindset thing. And this is where a lot of course creators and coaches miss it. They think that that confidence only happens once their performance is at a certain level. And that's the big lie that I think that is preventing most course creators and coaches from selling more of their paid programs. That and perfectionism, right? We talked about perfectionism, we talked about how you have to take imperfect action, you have to be willing to put yourself out there not concern yourself about Is it perfect? Am I doing all the right things? Do I look good? Do I sound good, you got to work through your stuff. If you're going to coach and teach people, people are relying on you and counting on you to bring solutions to them. And so if you have issues where you don't believe in yourself, and you're struggling with that, that's going to leak out over everybody that you try to coach. I'm not talking about being an arrogant jerk. By the way. I'm not talking about being a rude person that shows up and acts like a know it all to everybody. Not at all confidences. I know that there's value here, and this will transform and change and make other people's lives better. After they've met me. I truly believe that after people meet me that their lives are improved. Do you believe that about yourself? If not, why not? Start to develop that in yourself to believe and realize that people's lives are made better just the moment they meet you. Just the moment they come into your space, just the moment that they come into your atmosphere. And then you start with that level of belief so that when you go out there to make your offers, you go out there to connect with people, you go out there to do your social media content, you go out there to show up, you're not worried about is it perfect? Am I doing everything right to try to convince people that you're something you already know that you are and you have a level of belief and listen, in the beginning, you may have to trick yourself into doing this, even before it becomes a reality for you. You may have to act as if you're making a million dollars before now I'm not talking about frivolous spending. Again, we mentioned that I'm not talking about wasteful, opulent spending to make you look like a millionaire. I'm talking about how you carry yourself, how you connect how you communicate. The words that come out of your mouth, the energy that you're bringing forward. The energy that you bring forward and it's not like a It's not like a hyper like hey everyone You lower like energy not like that like, like an energy that people want to be around. And energy that people want to, to engage with, that makes them feel better about themselves after they work with you. That's what I hope happens when people come into my space is that they feel better about themselves, after they come into an event like this or after they work with me, or after a coaching call. And so when that becomes your foundation, and you believe that and you know that, it becomes so much easier to sell to people, to get them to buy your programs to enroll people, to get them to sign up for your programs. Now, the second part of it is the messaging, right? So we have the mindset, then we have the messaging, I'm laying these foundations here, because what we're going to talk about today is built upon these foundations, and you have to you have to you have to do these things.

[254:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your messaging is based on who the person is, first, who is buying your product? Who is buying your service, who is signing up for your ebook, who is signing up for your course? Who is the person that is going to be registering? What are their problems? What are their life experiences? What was their childhood like? Now, you might say, Well, how do I know that you'd know it by the more people you talk to? The more questions you ask, the more strangers on the internet you're willing to connect with, they will literally tell you this, not all of them, but a select few of them will and then you start crafting your messaging around that. So the way that I do that, as I create a running document of the different things that people tell me, of who my target customer is, and I'm constantly refining it, I'm constantly making it better. In fact, this morning, I just tweaked my target customer thing I said, I'm trying to find people that want to make between 10 and 30,000. Now I'm looking for people that want to make their first get to a monthly income of $20,000 a month. I haven't made less than $20,000 a month in years myself. And so I know that I know that I know that I can help you do exactly the same. I know that I know that. I know that it's not impossible for you. It's not hard when you do these things. And you can make way more than that, too. But just getting to that first $20,000 A month or if you're already at $20,000 a month, how do you get to that $100,000 a month level? How do you get to that $500,000 a month level? How do you get to making millions of dollars, it happens over time with consistent action with these foundations that were laying. And so if you start with a good foundation, it's not difficult. There's not a lot of techie stuff that you need to learn. It's very simple. It's about human to human connection, coaching and courses and how you sell to people. And how you get them to sign up for your programs is entirely human connection based. It's based off of your ability to connect with strangers on the internet, and how to find new ones that you've never met. Bring them into your ecosystem, make offers to them that they want. And that's what we're going to talk about today. And then you use language that gets them to buy from you. The language that you use, we talked about books like never split the difference, the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort, these great books that teach you how to talk and how to connect. But it's not about just merely talking that gets people to sign up for you. If you attract the right people with the right offers, it becomes almost automatic. So here, so what's a good offer and offer is you got to look at what does your target customer want. And you have to give them what they want. And this is where I think a lot of people miss it with their offer is they're trying to give their target customer what they think the target customer needs. I'm gonna say that again. And I need you to get this. This is one of the biggest reasons why even though that people have their target customer figured out their avatar, their messaging, they know how to sell, people don't sign up for them, as they're trying to make the target customer buy into what they need. As a coach, I understand that that naturally comes in, you can recognize what the customer needs, and you're wanting to help them get what they need. Unfortunately, that's the opposite of what actually gets people to sign up for you. That's the opposite of what actually gets people to enroll in your programs. By talking about what the customer needs, you are literally cutting off all of your ability to connect with them. And and most likely will not get them to sign up maybe one to 2% of them will by merely talking about what they need. So you have to you have to lead with, what do they want. I mentioned sell the vacation, not the plane flight. If somebody wants to go on a vacation, what do they need to do, they need to buy a plane ticket they need to pack, they need to hopefully not get into a fight with their, with their kids and their spouse along the way, make it there alive, all of that, know that that's all you're selling, you're not going to close anybody. So you have to have to have to all of your offers, have to lead with what the customer wants, what the target client wants, what are their deepest desires, what's the deepest desire inside of them that they want, that maybe they're even afraid to tell people about. And then you offer that to the people, you offer people exactly what they want, not what they need.

[334:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, hear me out. This is your offer. This is your landing page. This is the language that you use. Once people sign up for that, what they want, when you guys signed up for this, you wanted to sell more of your paid programs. If I had told you that it was a course that was going to focus in on your mindset, messaging, and how to, to get people to, to how to create offers that are based on what the customer wants, you would not have signed up, I promise you that because I've tested it out. And people don't sign up or even engage with any of my content, when I lead with what they need. They just don't you guys need more self discipline, if I created an offer on how to develop more self discipline, you would not have signed up. So even though I talked about those things in the offer, it's what you need to get that result. And so too many people are leading with the process. They're leading with the process that the customer needs, when they need to only ever lead with the end result transformation, that the customer wants, the desire that the customer wants. Some people believe, which I believe it's a lie, that this is both unethical, and bait and switch. That if you're leading with what they want, and then giving them what they need, that it's a horrible thing to do, and it's completely unethical because you're not giving them what you said that you would. And I think that that is untrue, if you do it the right way. Have I showed you how to sell more paid programs? Absolutely. I gave you what you need it by leading with the desire that you wanted. And so when you market to find the exact people that want what you sell, that bring the transformation, you have to have to have to lead with what do they want, so that then you can lead them to what they need. This is why some of the best books that I think coaches and course creators need to read our leadership books. Extreme Ownership by Jocko Willink is a great book on leadership. One of my favorite books on this, because what happens when you're online on social media, you're not overall leading people that's about decentralized command. How do you lead people, even though you don't have direct command over them? When you are selling your courses and coaching programs, you're leading people to make a decision to buy from you this book is actually free on Kindle Unlimited. Another great book, The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership by John Maxwell. Absolutely great book, these 21 Laws of Leadership, follow them and people will follow you. And another great book is everyone communicates and few connect by John Maxwell, what the most effective people do differently. So these are some great books. Again, I'm going to send you guys a book list later with links to all of these. This is about how to lead people and how to connect with them. And all of these books say you have to connect with what people want. Now you might say well, what they want is a bad thing. What they want is going to destroy their life. Great. I'm not saying lead people to destroy your their lives. I'm saying your offer that you make them is based on what they want. And you lead them to something better than that. Through your coaching through your courses, the something that is going to actually help them get to the root issue that they're looking for. Most people don't realize that their confidence issues are oftentimes tied to childhood trauma. Boss trauma, work, trauma, church trauma. Most of those things from parents, pastors, bosses, cousins, aunts, uncles, they don't realize that their confidence issues are tied to unhealed trauma issues. But if you're selling that, most people won't sign up. There's lots of therapists out there. So you have to lead with what do they want, they want to feel more powerful, they want to feel more inspired. They want to feel more confident, they want to be able to be wild and free and not feel locked up. You can't lead with no longer being fearful.

[411:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: No longer being, what's the word, feeling inadequate. If you lead with no longer feeling inadequate, and no longer being fearful, as a coach, people aren't going to sign up. You have to lead with becoming courageous, stepping into your power, learning how to be the best version of yourself. And then while you talk about that you work on what are the things that prevent people from doing that? You notice the last three days we've talked about this? One of the things that prevent people from selling more paid programs? And how can you solve those issues, to help you start to sell more paid programs. And so your offer has to always, always, always be what does that customer wants. So we mentioned yesterday, the who you lead with who first who is the person the messaging is based around who the person is that you're selling to, okay? And Jasper helps you write that. Jasper is going to help you write your copy. So you don't have to be an expert copywriter. Not all of you need to be expert copywriters. Unless you're a copywriting coach, most of you aren't. And so using a tool like jasper.ai, will help you do that. And we walked through an entire walkthrough of this, I have a podcast episode that you can refer to on my website where I walk you through step by step using Jasper, how we use artificial intelligence to write everything. So when you know the who, then you want to look at what is their deepest desire? And how do you learn that deepest desire by connecting with people by connecting with and getting into conversations with your target customer, by connecting with strangers on the internet, by connecting with new people that you haven't met before, and learning about them, what you don't know right now, I think one of the biggest things that prevents beginning coaches and coarse graders from being successful, that prevents them from having the impact that they want. So you can check out Jasper here. And this podcast episode number 148, where it walks you through this as well as yesterday. At the end, I walked you through using it as well. using artificial intelligence to write your copy. When you lead with who the person is, what they want, your social media content, helps you create and facilitate back and forth conversations where people share with you what's bothering them. Whether it be in direct message, whether it be an email, whether it be in the comment section, and then you start crafting your social media content and your offers around this. So I use social media content to test out what offers people resonate with the most before I launched them as a full fledged offer. Because it's free, it costs nothing. You look at what are people really wanting to engage with the most. You want to know I'm getting a lot of engagement around his stuff with the metaverse. And so I'm going to start building out certain offers in the next 12 to 16 months around that that makes sense right now, we don't really know what that looks like. So I'm not gonna jump the gun on that. But I've been talking about it in my content, getting people prepared for this type of stuff. Because coaches and course creators are gonna have to learn how to operate in the new world of the internet, the metaverse to connect with people, you'll be able to connect even deeper with people in those. Okay. And so when you lead with who first, what do they want? How do you discover what they want? You discover it by getting into those conversations and connecting with people where they tell you and you create opportunities for people to tell you what they want. How do you create those opportunities, your social media content, I offered to do free 15 minute calls with people where literally every single person I got on the phone told me what they wanted in their business explicitly. And then I have a document that literally tells me all the stuff that they told me and then I build all my offers off of that. You don't have to do that though. Now with reals and tick tock which we didn't have a year ago. You can organically reach 1000s of people and get answers to those questions for free, which is awesome. 15 second videos are changing people's lives. And then you can lead people to the offers that you sell. What does the customer want, facilitate conversations with strangers that you haven't met. That's why showing your face is important. People don't want to connect with somebody they can't see. And I get some of you are uncomfortable, you think you got to lose 50 pounds before you can show up on video. On social media, you're afraid of people thinking that you're a sellout. You're afraid of all this stuff.

[491:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: The more you do it, the more comfortable you will get with doing it by showing up and connecting with people. As a coach as a course creator, your job is human connection with as many people as possible. And so you lead with once you hear from people what they want, you build offers around that what's an offer, okay? So an offer is something like this. Something like sell more paid programs in 2022. This is an offer that I made you to spend three days with me. And it doesn't have to be a three day offer, by the way. And we go over this in my course, irresistible offers that sell about creating offers that connect with your audience, the different types of offers, whether it be opt in offers, whether let's actually go into the members area here and take a look at this. I'm gonna pull this up the different types of offers that you can do, you can do lead magnet offers. Okay, so that's to get leads. That can be a free ebook that can be a five minute video training of some kind. We talked about copywriting we talked about how again how to use Jarvis for copywriting. I created a specific lesson that I just updated in this course. I think it's like seven minutes long, specifically about using Jarvis for your offer. Challenge offers that's what this is called. This is this is or virtual event offers, probably going to rename that challenge slash virtual event offers. running virtual events is one of the number one ways that we're seeing for coaches and course creators to connect with people. When you get people into an atmosphere for an event. You have an opportunity without being pushy and salesy to present what you sell the people you're coaching and courses you've noticed, I've seen it I mentioned the different courses that I have, but haven't been pushy about any of them. No, and I'm not going to be because I don't need to be and neither do you. When you show up to connect with people, it becomes automatic that people sign up. What about specifically about courses and memberships, high ticket coaching agency offers if you have a an ADS agency or a social media management, agency, network marketing, how to create offers for network marketing and E commerce and even using podcasting for offers and more about storytelling, all covered in this all covered in this course, my friends the offer when you know who you're connecting with, okay? Like, like, I want you to memorize this process. Who first? Right? What do they want? You let you spend a lot of your time getting feedback. It's a feedback loop that goes back and forth between you and the customer. You guys leaving the comments is my feedback loop in my business of what you want. And the more of these that I do, the more people I learned, what do they want? Okay, and so then you want to learn what do people want and you create offers, whether it be lead magnet and ebook a short five minute video, I'm telling you, we built a whole business on five minute videos. We just we created five different five minute videos, created a simple landing page with Squarespace and ran $5 ads to build out a look alike audience to those five minute short videos that then were used to sell a program that brought in 10s of 1000s of dollars a coaching program. That, my friends, is what an offer is. So you give people what they want in that video in that ebook. And this is where I think a lot of people miss it as well. They actually you actually want to give your best content away for free. So that's what I do I actually give my best content away for free. That the things that I share in this free event are the foundations that are going to get you started. Now most people's capacity for learning isn't to where they can learn everything all at once like a fire hose right? It takes time. So share specifically in your offer the beginning steps People need to get started on the journey, your best content that get people started on that journey. And listen, there is a lot more to this than what I can even share in three days. There's a whole lot more to this, that I've learned over the last 18 years. But this is what's gonna get you started on the right path is thinking in this way, what is that offer? Okay, so then you give your best content away for your coaching and your courses for free. You might say, well, then if I gave all my best content away, what am I going to sell? I hear that often people, well, figure out what comes after that best content,

[571:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: and sell that to people, or give the first part of your best content for free, and then sell the rest of it. Sell the nuances sell the the deeper dive parts into it. Listen, once people get into this, there's a whole lot of other questions that they have answered. And that's what I cover in my courses on my website is those nuances of how to build a website, how to build a course, how to set up your offers, right? How to run your social media, the nuances of what to say and how to say it, and how to put all that together and how to run ads that actually convert, so you don't lose money. And so for you, you give away your best content for free by and then you lead people to what it is that you have for sale. And you do this, rinse and repeat. And so you you you look at the feedback loop the social media content, you look at the email, you look at your Facebook group, you get feedback from people, you create offers, you get them in, you create conversations, you tell them about what you have for sale, you create more offers, you create more products, more courses, eventually, and this is where I'm at right now you start raising your prices, we've started raising our prices. We're gonna actually raise them again. We started raising our prices at the beginning of the year, I was doing free calls. And I raised the price on my coaching. Because I just can't coach with people at the price that I was before. And the price that I'm offering now, I'm not able to coach with people in the future. How do you figure out the best price, right? You get to decide that what's the value that you present to the marketplace. That's why I said you have to believe in the value that you offer people. I truly believe in the value that I am undercharging for literally everything that I offer people. Everything that's being sold here. Most people sell the basics that I give away for free for 10s of 1000s of dollars. And I offer it to people for pennies on that if you were to buy my courses on my website, individually, they're $297 each. If you sign up for one on one coaching with me it's $500 an hour. But I did want to do something special for for this group right here. Okay. You guys knew that there was a pitch on this, right? This is my sales pitch. This is the this is the whole pitch. If you want to grab all of my courses easy course creation blueprints, social media ads irresistible offers that sell website building Made Easy The social media ads course. I actually do have to edit this on the page right here. It's not a pre launch, it's actually public now. It was 197 that I offered it two weeks ago, I told everybody that the price would go up. I raised the regular price to $1,000. I'm discounting it for the next four and a half days to 297, where you get all of these courses from me on how to create and grow your profitable coaching course business for one payment of 297, or three installments of $117. And I truly believe that this is what you guys need to take your coaching businesses and your course business to the next level. Everything that I cover in these courses is what I've taken, what we've done, what has worked over the years, and I put them into these for you so that you can feel confident in your social media content, in your website, in your offers in your ads in your courses. And so this offer does expire on Tuesday, February 8 At midnight, okay? And there'll be an email that'll go out at the end of this for this. My friends, this is what you need. If you've been with me for the past three days. And you're wondering, what do I need to do to start to kick start this into gear? And here's the other thing too. Some of you might have gone through a lot of different free trainings. But you've never invested into something before. Because you're not sure if it's worth it. You're only ever going to get the beginning steps from almost every free training that you go to. Because that's how the industry works. Now my podcast again, I talked about that my podcast has over 149 episodes 149 episodes of my podcast totally free. Literally, I would recommend, if you have it in you go through these, listen to the ones that that stand out to you.

[649:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: But this offer to get all of my courses for $297. Individually, on my website, they all sell for 297. If you go through my website, you'll notice by themselves, they're 297. But this offer is going to expire on February 8, for you to grab all of my courses for just one payment of 297, or three payments of $117. If I offer this bundle again, which which I will, I'm just going to tell you what I'm going to be doing over the next month, I'm literally just going to give you my blueprint, you're gonna see me offer this again, if you plug in with me, but it's not going to be for 297. It's not even going to be for 347, it's going to be at least $100. More if you wait. And by the end of the month, it's going to be $200 more. My goal is I want to have to wear when I run my offers, if you want to buy my courses and get coaching with me, it's $1,000 for this, but I realize I have a lot of people that follow me that they don't have the money for that. And so temporarily for the next couple of months, I'm slowly raising the price of all this. And so 297 is the cheapest that you will ever be able to buy my course again, maybe you see my Black Friday sales. Have you seen different things that I've done like that, and you still haven't registered? And you might be like, well, Jeremiah, are you gonna do it? You know, I saw you had it for 97 before, that price is never coming back. And so 297 is the best price that I can offer on these courses. If you want to commit to building your coaching business, growing and creating a profitable coaching course business this year, this is going to help you do that. Okay. It's going to walk you through how to build the offers that you need, how to create the ads that convert how I create courses in less than seven days, I've literally recorded a brand new course, while I've been doing this in less than seven days, how to put your thoughts together for social media, how to put your thoughts together for a course how to know what to say, what the right things to say or what the right things to put in your ads are, what the right things to put in your offers our I walk you through my system for doing that. And what we've done to help build businesses to millions of dollars, I'm giving you the entire blueprint. In fact, if you wanted to build a business pretty much similar to what you've seen, that my mom has done, or what you've seen that we've done with Rick Pino over here over at worship coach, any type of business like this coaching courses, I bottled up the blueprint of how we built and help those businesses make millions of dollars. Even we work with global celebration with Georgie unban often and his masterclasses and, and his books and different authors that we work with, I bottled all of that up into this program for you exactly what you need, where you are right now to get the most results in your coaching or course business. Okay, so that's enough talking about that. And that's how I make my offers. I'm presenting it to you, I'm presenting you with something that I think is truly going to help you that I truly believe i i Don't just say this, I truly believe that it is it's the most complete information in one place about this stuff. A lot of people have it spread out in different stuff. I've committed to making sure that it's the most complete training. You've been here with me for three days, right? Has this been a complete training? Have you felt like you've gotten a lot for free from me for three days, I go so much deeper in these courses, to cover all of the little nuances that you worry about that you need that you're struggling with. And some of you again, maybe you're not maybe you don't want courses from you, maybe you want personal one on one coaching again, send me a direct message. If you're interested in one on one coaching, we might be able to work a deal out on this price that I have. And we can schedule a free call together to talk about that if you're serious about coaching, but if you're somebody that wants to start creating and growing your profitable coaching and course business online, this course bundle is exactly what's going to take you from where you are to where you want to be to get to Six figures to make 10,000 $20,000 a month as a coach as a course creator. And beyond to seven figures that $83,000 month level, I walk you through the different stages to have your business growth. So it's not just based off of high level, big budget stuff, I talk about tiny $5 A day ads 150 bucks a month, right here in this. Okay, and so we're gonna start going, start taking some questions here soon from everybody. That's how simple it is to make an offer. That's how simple it is what you've seen me do these past few days,

[729:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: as a coach, as a course creator, as somebody that wants to impact people. Hopefully, what you've seen is I've given you a blueprint for free of exactly what you can do to start to get more people into your business. The real question that I have is, what are you waiting for? Don't wait anymore. Don't wait to start to implement this, whether you have a web, if you don't have a website up, start there. If you've never created social media content, start there. start identifying who is your target customer? What do they want? What's the messaging that's going to connect with them. And that's how you can take people to the next level and start to sell out more of your paid programs this year. So I'm gonna start to take some more questions from people here. Let's see, would this be good for an artist? Absolutely. It'd be great for an artist. In fact, we're helping a lot of artists, we're working right now to actually build out a deeper program for artists. But it's going to include all of these. So as an artist, here's the thing with an as an artist, you have to build a community of people that are going to buy your art. And so this is all about community building. This is all about how to build a community of people that are going to purchase, whatever it is that you offer them, you still need to do. These are the basic foundational level things, you still have to make an offer to people with art. And so keep that in mind. Let's see what other questions do we have? I believe I have already signed up. Awesome. Great. That's great. If you've already signed up, that's awesome. And you can keep coming to these these programs. Yeah, building your culture, building your community. This has everything that you need to launch your perfect online coaching and course business. Even if you're not techie don't have a big following. You never sold anything before. Social media content, ads, funnels offers copy product development and more. Nothing held back. So let's see what any questions that you guys have about what we've talked about the last few days. Any questions that you have about making an offer with people, you don't need to be a technical wizard and you don't need a technical wizard to help you. You absolutely don't you just need to learn a few simple things. So in these courses, I walk you through all of the step by step stuff that you need. The basic stuff that is going to technically get you to that level. You don't need to do a lot of technical stuff. You're recording video on your phone. That might be the most technical thing that you do uploading some ads to Facebook. But I walk you through all of that and how to do that step by step. I'm looking through these these questions here. So more of the questions from people. Just jumped in excited important about the mind shifts tomorrow as it Yep. So tomorrow, we are doing a bonus. q&a again. If you have any questions, I want to get all of your questions answered. And so we're doing a bonus q&a Tomorrow here in the group. Sell More paid programs in 2022 Bonus q&a Saturday, February 5, at 1pm. Central and Tuesday, February 8 at 1pm. Central to answer even more questions. But what I'm gonna start answering any questions that you guys have anything that's coming up? There's no silly questions. There's no stupid questions at all.

[788:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm a perfectionist, but I decided the day before yesterday to just film the paint brush that I painted. It took a few seconds to post perfect That's it exactly. Show the process when it comes to social media content. document your process. People don't just want to see finished result. They want to see how you got there. How you got to that result. That's how you're going to connect with people more. Lead with what they want. What are the name of those books, please could you put them in the chat please? I'm sure you see in the chat. We're gonna do the way of the wolf by Jordan. Belfort 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership by John Maxwell keep posting questions if you guys have them Extreme Ownership by Jocko Willink sell or be sold by Grant Cardone never split the difference by Chris Voss and everyone communicates you connect a John Maxwell. Okay, read the rest, I sold a print after I posted. That's awesome. Exactly. So this is already working, you're already seeing results from what you learned in this free intensive, my friends, this stuff works. Doing this stuff works. This is how you can start to sell more of your paid programs. This here is how you can start to sell more of your products. This is how you can get more people to buy from you. This is exactly the methodology that we've used to build businesses to those levels. Let's see joining late questions perfect love casts out fear Exactly.

[826:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: What do they want? Exactly? What how are you giving people what they want? What does your target customer want? What does your coaching client want? What did the people that you're creating courses for what? What do they want from you? What's the number one thing that they want from you? Do you get lifetime access? Yes, I give lifetime access on all of these to people so when you when you register for these, you get to keep them for life. And I'm still I've still been adding some updates to them as well. So this bundle is for lifetime access to all of those programs that you saw over on my website so we have irresistible offers that sell has a course notes PDF right here that you can go through this a PDF that you can actually download, read through and mark up with notes and different points. And and so I actually have documented a lot of the process right here. With diagrams Same with the social media ads course. This course notes we cover iOS 14

[847:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: workbook, PDF for this all about ads, different things that you need for setting up the pixel, the ads manager, all these lessons Best Practices targeting, how to reach people how to find all the right people that want to work with you. We cover all of that in these courses right here and you can check out individually the different pages for the courses on my website. So if you go here to Jeremiah Krakowski comm click on the menu. Each one of these courses has their own page. We have social media content creation easy course creation, blueprint irresistible offers social media ads website building, and so you can go through and read about each course individually. So you get all of those with that bundle and you get lifetime access. Thank you. I've over delivered awesome. Are these courses simple as I need to step by step? I haven't heard of Java before. There's nothing about Java and these java is a is a programming language. Yes, they are simple and step by step. And I go through in a very easy to understand way those of you have gone through my courses. Is it easy to follow? Is it simple? Is it step by step? Those of you who have already bought the courses? Have I delivered on what I'm talking about? For people? Let them know in the comments. You can also read different testimonials from people that we've worked with and gone through the different courses. So until midnight, February 8, you can grab these for 297 or three payments of 117. Would you speak about doing webinars using a different platform like Webinar Jam to draw people off social media for leads and marketing to so to be honest, we used WebinarJam a few times and I'm not a big fan of it. I would rather just do a live broadcast like I'm doing right here. with people, get them to sign up, direct them to show up on your Facebook page, or, or or Facebook group, or send them to a Zoom meeting a live Zoom meeting and then do that the best training on the planet about webinars and what to say in your webinar. I'm literally going to give you this, this is going to be a goldmine if you want to do a webinar, so what so a webinar, ultimately is a is a live event. That's a single one time event. It's not three days, it's one day. So instead of spreading it out across three days, you do it in one day in about an hour or 30 minutes. Type in perfect webinar, actually in the YouTube and the top two videos that come up are the best ones. How to create the perfect webinars that buy stuff by Russell Brunson. It's an hour and 40 minute training on on YouTube right here. And then eight steps to the perfect webinar. So so the Russell Brunson one gives you a foundation, I actually am a much bigger fan of the anthony morrison one, because he builds upon the teaching on this one. And shows you an even better and simpler way to do a webinar. Right, let's see that little side. So if you go through these two and take you about an about two hours, you will literally have a blueprint of everything of what to say in a 30 minute webinar that's going to close people there, they're literally these are the best trainings on the planet on webinars. Single best, we've done multiple ones that have closed 1000s of dollars in sales with these. So I'll post those in the in the comments as well. The perfect, perfect webinar might see that little sidebar, or they might see where up at the top words. So I highly recommend you go through those. If you're looking at making a webinar, a better tool for webinar, if you want to do a webinar automated again, anthony morrison started this company called webinar fuel. This is much better than Webinar Jam, it's way easier to use. But we've tested automated webinars, it does better if you do a live webinar. And here's what Russell Brunson teaches that you want to do a live webinar multiple times live before you do pre recorded. So if you're not doing live webinars already, start there and then use a tool like this. Once you really know that you've mastered your language, then you can launch a pre recorded version of it. Because you're going to find different nuances and stuff, the more you do it live. So webinar fuel is actually a much better tool than Webinar Jam, and it cost the same price. Oopsie it's not copying the other link. Let me try to copy the other link. It's only copying. That's the Billy, what's his name slink?

[925:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: There we go. So there's the link to those YouTube videos right there. I highly recommend if you want to do webinars. So a webinar is kind of just like this, this three day event that we did. But it's in one day where you tell people to show up for one moment for one day, and that becomes your offer. Three Day events that we find actually builds trust with people better, because they really get more of their questions answered. People are more immersed with you. They're diving deeper into their questions. They're diving deeper into their issues. So those actually works better for coaching and chorus graders is these three day events. Try out Kyle both though. Definitely. We love both. You said you're gonna develop another course for artists if I buy this course. What I have to get the artist part when I get the artist part free? Um I don't know yet. I mean, it's not going to be anytime soon. It's going to be specifically for for artists, you're not going to buy these courses. Here's the thing, Man, y'all need to really stop looking into the future and waiting until some day to take action in your business. And that's something that I see that a lot of people they come up with good reasons why it's a good idea to wait until someday in the future to take action. You'll never succeed with that mindset. Because there's always going to be a someday in the future when something else for you to take action. There's always going to be some day in the future for you to wait around, sit around and never do anything. Because it's going to be better in the future. That's how life on planet earth works. As a course greater as a coach, I mean this strongly. You can't succeed with that mindset. You can't succeed operating that way. Because you have to be willing to implement what All you learn and the foundations of what you implement, you're going to learn with these courses right here on how to build your community, how to talk to people, these are the framework that will work, no matter what you are, whether you're an artist, a musician, a speaker, an author, a teacher, or a course creator, a network marketer, ecommerce, or a coach. The same rules and teaching applies website building, creating offers, running ads, creating courses, and making social media content. So you can you can wait and sit around and wait until some better day in the future to do something in your business. And you will literally keep when I have met people, I know people. They're on year 10, of waiting until a future day when they can leave their job and finally start getting serious about their business. And they told me the same thing 10 years ago, and they're right where they are today. So if you want to be exactly where you are today, that's a great mindset. Never change your life. Never move forward. But if you want to move forward with your life, it takes taking action. It takes imperfect action. If you want to get serious about being successful, as a course creator, as a coach, to take your business to the next level, you can't sit around and wait till some better day in the future for things to happen. And I mean that so strongly. If you listen to my podcast, I dive deep into that. Imperfect Action. Speed is important when it comes to marketing. When it comes to sales, when it comes to the internet. Speed is so important. The world is changing so fast, that if you learn it tomorrow, and you wait until tomorrow, everything's gonna change. And so you have to start putting it into action what you learn as quickly as possible. Now I'm not talking about like, rushed and feeling overwhelmed on a long term scale. Not waiting six to 12 months to get started. Not waiting years to get started. It takes starting now to start to see results. Okay. I put my first copyright in order got to work. Awesome. Do Google Docs for a zoom masterclass. And when people sign up, I could not find them, though it said my private class. Well, I'm not. I'm not. I'm not sure how you set that up, or how you got people to sign up with the Google Doc.

[1004:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: You might look on YouTube on how to use Google Docs and how to find people in a Google doc forum. You might have used a different Google account to find that you might have used a different Google login. I'm not I'm not sure like how you got them into the Google doc in the first place. So without knowing a lot of that, it's hard for me to answer that question or even start to answer it. Um, my question is since they changed the name to Jasper I can go in the same way right? Yeah, yeah, it's the same exact um, it's the same exact program I'm actually gonna save that and share that with the people that are in there. It's the exact same program you got to Jasper Dyer or you got to jarvis.ai and it'll redirect you it's the exact same SOP not none of the features changed with the name change Okay, so it's the same as Jarvis today I do you learn how to make a website? Yes. In my blueprint right here in create and grow your own profitable coaching course business. You get website building Made Easy, which walks you through, step by step how in less than seven days without any technical skill. You can build a website through Squarespace. And so it's my Squarespace course, which is one of the most in depth Squarespace courses that exist. Still. I here's another thing I totally forgot to mention. Even mentioned this. I haven't even said it yet. You get a 30 day money back guarantee on all of this 30 days. If for whatever reason you don't like it no questions asked. Just write me and I will give you your money back. Okay 30 days after the first original purchase So if you do the payment plan, it's before the second payment comes out 30 days later. And I will refund you and will cancel the future payments if you do the payment plan. So it's one payment of 297 to get all of these courses, if you bought them individually, it would be I think, right around 30? Yeah, 1300? No, it would be 1500, what's 300 times 618 $100. So it'd be 1800. If you bought these all separately. And if you wait, it's gonna cost more on these, it's gonna cost a lot more. I usually do if I release a new course, I have a limited time. So like, if I come up with a new course, one thing I'll say to you, I have like a limited time discount period where I'll release a new course, to people who've already bought all my other courses for like a low cost for like five days. So like I did that with my social media course two weeks ago, is everybody who bought my course I let them buy it for 97 bucks, before I officially raised it to 297. So they didn't have to pay this full price. It was like a an introductory offer period when I launch a new course. So I usually do that though I'm not promising that I'm always going to do that. Okay. Until February 8 At midnight, make three months or make three monthly installments 297 or 117. Let's see other questions I haven't gone through but yet, but they're easy to follow worth every penny. Awesome. Yeah, start going through them, you're gonna find a lot of question landing pages is that a homepage? I'm feeling like, my website has so many pages simplify. Yeah, you want to simplify it. So for instance, this is a homepage. Most people though nowadays on the internet, they're not going to type in your homepage, you want to have a homepage that leads people to different landing pages or offers. So like this would be considered a landing page right here. This is a landing page with copy that talks about what I'm selling, and has a button for people to register. This is a landing page right here, the sell more paid programs. And in 2022, that's the landing page right there. Here's another landing page, I'm actually going to show you.

[1078:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is the backend of Squarespace right here. You literally click on Pages, and you have these different pages on the sidebar. So I walk you through in the website course all the different pages, what to simplify for your website. And really what's necessary, you want to have as few pages as possible. Nowadays, you actually really want less pages. And then you can put like, more stuff into blog posts, like my blog, I have a whole lot of content, right, a ton of different blog posts. And these are just thoughts, I'll basically break down if I really want to share something with people an idea or concept. By the way, there's all these blog posts that you can go through and read that are literally each one you have, you can have a huge takeaway from this one's all about the nuances of overcoming perfectionism, it's awesome. And then I have my podcast episode. So those are different pages right there. But the main part of your site is going to be found in the homepage, one to two offers that you have. And really you want to have less offers. So the more offers you create, you want to consolidate them, that's what I'm starting to do. And in the future, I'm going to make it probably about three to six months from now, where you can't buy any of my courses individually, you can only buy the bundle, that's going to get to that point. That's where I'm I'm moving over to until I get there. That's why I'm offering them to you at the lowest possible cost that I can and I know that the value exceeds that. Why do I think that I can raise the price to it because I know that the value exceeds that price. We literally never get anybody asking for their money back, which is hilarious. I had that money back guarantee. Here's a hint. I know that my courses are so good. It's less than point 2% of people. I maybe have one person every couple months that asked for their money back. And nobody does. So it's awesome. This has been great. I'll be in touch awesome. But things are going to change, right? Yes, they are. I need to move forward where exactly get started now. Whoo. Yes. How do I get started on a podcast? Okay, so here's the thing with a podcast. I will actually walk you through that in website building and the website building course. And I have a podcast episode on my podcast is a podcast on my podcast about how to start a podcast. So most people never get to Episode 10 of their podcast. So once I did, I went to Episode 11 And I created how to start a podcast for beginners and getting to 10 episodes the easy way. And I created this and I will actually walk you through in this video right here. It's about it's a An hour long basically, it's a mini course for an hour long on how to start a podcast right here on my podcast. Why community will help you. That's why that exists. This is an accelerator for free. So I recorded that June 2019. And it's completely relevant today to how you do the process. Squarespace has a functionality where you basically you build a blog on Squarespace, and you go here, and you turn on podcasting. And then it turns your thing into a podcast. And then you just submitted your there's like a submission place to submit a podcast to Apple and Spotify and all that it's actually way simpler to start a podcast than most people realize. So simple. Yep, June 2019. It's still relevant today, though. It's teaching. Any other questions about this, about being a course creator about selling your programs about being successful about your offers about all this? Any other questions about the bundle? Any other questions about what's taught in the bundle? Again, if you check out the different individual pages for this, you can read about each course that's included, can read about the bundle.

[1144:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: until Tuesday, you can make your decision up until Tuesday, February 8. Now here's what's interesting, you guys are actually going to start to see some ads now running. Watch this. I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you a look behind the hood here. So all I need to spend is $5 a day on this bundle retargeting. I'm gonna turn the ad set on at $5. And I'm going to retarget everybody who was on here with this new bundle, plus everybody who didn't take advantage of it on the last time. And so this is the ad that they'll see intensive offer just 297. So this is an ad that will run you guys are going to see this until my face annoys you. Or you purchase. And then and then I stopped burning the ad on after Tuesday. So midnight, on Tuesday, February 8, the sale ends. So we're running a retargeting ad to anybody who registered for this. And so they see. So they see that. And that's that's how that works. And it's only costing me $5 And it'll generate some great sales. I retarget all the people as well who visited the landing page, not just the people who registered because those people are basically qualified for the program anyways, which is awesome. Um, what type of mic Am I using? Oh, yeah. Blue USB microphone. 100 bucks on Amazon. It's the blue USB mic right here. And that's what I use for my podcasts and all that I just plug it into my computer if I'm out somewhere I'll even just use my phone. I'll even just use my my cell phone record it and then export that video. And then the way I have a video podcast and an audio podcast, I use that app that I showed you DaVinci Resolve DaVinci Resolve in this creates my by podcast but you could easily do it with FM podcasts calm podcast app. There's a number of great apps to for podcasting by the way that exist

[1188:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: well either way, it's very easy to make a podcast though. It's not difficult to just record and put it out there and launch your podcast. Launch podcast pod bean is another one that people use right there see other questions. Davinci is great. Lots of How To videos. Love it. I got a podcast my good question blue USB mic. Awesome. Check out buzz frog on YouTube. Lots of videos that perfect. Awesome. YouTube is such a great resource for you guys. Once you like start implementing it and using it. Here's me live right here on YouTube. Alex are Mosy somebody that I watch Andy Elliot? About sales? Yeah, Blue Yeti microphone set. Alright guys, it's been great here. That's the Blue Yeti microphone. So blue microphone. It's a USB microphone that's on Amazon. The Blue Yeti 121. There you go. That's the black one. Yep. Great mic. Or here's the one I have is silver. It's 100. Yep. That's it. I've been using the same one as well for probably about six years. So it lasts. They're great. They're awesome. Alright, everybody, any other questions here today? Otherwise, we're going to log off. You'll get that email on here. That's not good for movement, though. What do you mean? Well, if you're going to do something while you're moving, just recorded into your phone. Just get an app on your phone. And that's what I would do. Yes. What is a big pitfall? In course creation to avoid perfectionism. The biggest pitfall is perfectionism, it's the number one. It's that, oh, I can make it better. So I'm not going to launch it until it's better. Or, oh, I don't know if people are gonna like it. So I'm going to try to improve it. Oh, I'm going to sit around and try to make it just a little bit better before I put it out there. That's the number one mistake that course creators make. Put it out there. Don't wait until Sunday, when you finally added all the 10 Other things that you wanted to release another course when you do that.

[1236:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Stop waiting until everything is perfect before you take action. If you pull nothing away from this, but that it'll change your life. Imperfect Action for coaches and course creators is the number one thing that you need to do. Just to see what happens just to try out just trial and error. Just just to see what happens just to see how people respond, just to see how they react. I hear a lot of people, they come up with reasons why they can't do that answer for yourself. What is the reason why you can't do that or won't do that? Well, I don't want to waste time. You're wasting time waiting for it to be perfect. Well, I don't want it to be an effective, you're certainly ineffective, waiting until it's perfect. Everything that you fear as to why it needs to be perfect, perfect, literally becomes your reality when you operate in perfectionism does. And so it's a self fulfilling prophecy. Until you start to take that imperfect action and stop avoiding trying to make mistakes. One of the biggest things is to start to accept making big mistakes, making risky messes on a regular basis. What was the question? The question was what's one of the biggest pitfalls a course creator can avoid? And I say this, be willing to make mistakes and listen, you're not going to go out there and try. You're not trying to fail. Nobody's trying to fail, right? Nobody's trying to make a big mess and blow everything up. But don't be afraid of those things happening. Don't stop yourself from taking action, out of a spirit of excellence or wisdom. Those are two things that I hear a lot of people they associate as their reasons for perfectionism, wisdom and a spirit of excellence. They're not it's fear and insecurity. Wisdom is I put it out there to see what happens. Wisdom comes from experience. I saw something from somebody, Pedro Tao today some of you follow Pedro Tao. And he said, wisdom will stand the test of time. I can tell you this perfectionism doesn't stand the test of time. Imperfect Action, every single time has stood the test of time. And so that so it's wisdom. And yet many people believe that it's the most unwise thing to do. And so that's why they've convinced themselves, they can't do it. They're afraid to take action. It's not wisdom. Wisdom is imperfect action. Wisdom is being willing to make mistakes. Wisdom is being willing to put yourself out there to test it out, to grow, and to learn and to become better at your craft, instead of waiting until one day when you feel good enough to do so the way that you grow you so that's why we mentioned how would you act differently if you were making 10 times the money that you're making right now, how would you respond to people differently? How would you talk to them differently? Start acting that way now, before you get there.

[1294:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's perfectionism is the opposite of a spirit of excellence. Because it's pride, pride and a spirit of excellence don't coincide with each other. So you have to you have to you have to not let perfectionism and the need for everything to be perfect. stop you from taking action, the process takes time, the process is putting yourself out there. And then you analyze and say, Okay, did this work? Did that not work? Okay, great. I'm going to learn from what didn't work. And I'm going to do more of what did. And then you can learn from mentors and coaches and people that have walked the journey and done what works, so that you can accelerate yourself in the journey wisdom is, I'm not going to wait until later to sign up and grab, create and grow a profitable course business, I'm going to try it out now. And because there's a 30 day money back guarantee, I realized there's not a risk to doing so. And you're going to start to commit to the journey, you're going to start to commit to consistent action, every single day. That's wisdom, waiting until all the pieces are together. That's a recipe for failure. Making mistakes is the only way you learn and you can either learn from your mistakes or other people's. Now here's the thing when it comes to messaging, social media, content, marketing, all of that, there's a nuance to it, because we're individuals, so you are going to have to do some trial and error to see what works for you individually. Now, when I coach with people, I'm able to accelerate their journey because I'm able to look at okay, here's what needs to change based on what I can see by asking a series of questions. So sometimes I will give advice when it includes my area of expertise. Specifically on these areas, once I know enough information from them, I don't just give advice like that instantly, just to anybody. If you go through the courses, if you go through my bundle here, it's going to set you up on the right path and the right trajectory to save you time, so that you don't have to wonder what should I do now? To start to be successful. What should I do later? And questioning wondering, is this the right thing to do? Or is that the right thing to do? Because you just follow the system, you follow the framework, you follow the proven tested framework that gets results. And so that's why finding tested frameworks and mentors and coaches can help you. And let's flip that on you. I'm gonna flip this one right here, then you as a course creator, as a coach, you become that trusted mentor, that trusted adviser to people to help move them to where they want to go based on your experiences or other people's experiences. A lot of times as a coach, you can borrow from other people's experiences, because you've seen and you're helping kind of research some of it to help people as well as to point them in the right direction. That's what I do with a lot of the books that I recommend people read. I'm not as much of an expert on those topics as those people so I'm going to recommend that you read those books because they're what helped me get better at my stuff. While I focus on what I know you need to learn which is in these courses. Okay. What's one thing that has helped you simplify your process

[1355:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: getting out of my own way that's a big question, simplifying my process. therapy helped because I had a lot of childhood trauma that was stopping me. But what has really simplified my process the most is when I visualize myself being successful at the end of my goal before I go into working, because then I'm more confident to take actions quicker. Here's how you simplify your process you look at what can I remove from this process that isn't contributing massively to the return on investment that I'm spending the time with. And you start to really start to value your time more, you start to value how much time you commit to stuff, you really start to spend way less time doing stuff. See, when I talk about speed, I'm not talking about rush, rush, rush and overwhelm, I'm talking about eliminating a lot of stuff that you're wasting time on. And just doing a few strategic things that get the most results. And then doing those as fast as possible, instead of waiting around to do them, and then analyzing, Okay, what else can I remove. So constantly, what we do is we grow and then I say, okay, to simplify my process, I'm going to remove this, I'm going to remove that. That's why I got rid of free calls with with just about anybody, because I realized, I can simplify it by running these free events and actually get more questions from people in one free event than doing free calls. And so another way, I'm going to probably start simplifying my process, you're gonna start to see my social media content is going to start to even take a different, a different tone. Here in the future, a different angle. A huge way to simplify your process is when you get really specific about who, you know, in this course, that's how you niche down. Who first, what do they want, that's your niche, if they have money. Okay, so do they have money to spend? Who are you working with? Who are you coaching? Who are you leading to a result? Okay, what do they want the most, that becomes your offer, doing that, learning what people want, that's how you simplify your process, the more you actually take action on this, the simpler your process gets. So it actually starts to get simpler over time, the more you do it. See, a lot of people are waiting until one day in the future, often Neverland, when it's all gonna feel simple for them. And they know everything and then they can get started. That's an impossible fantasy that is doesn't exist on planet Earth. So you have to learn and then put into action and implement. You don't actually learn until you put it into action. Your brain learns by doing, not just listening by actively taking action on things. And then teaching yourself okay, what's distracting me a huge way to simplify your process boundaries. We hadn't even talked about boundaries at all on this great book on the topic is boundaries by Dr. Henry Cloud, learning what to say no to what to say yes to who to say no to and take back control of your life. If you're constantly saying yes to people, and being a people pleaser all the time, you're going to struggle to be consistent at this stuff and and that's a big root cause of perfectionism is we're trying to make everybody happy all the time. We're trying to please everybody all the time.

[1422:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's not your job to control other people's opinions of you. It's not your job to manage what they think about you. Once you start setting boundaries by the way, you're going to have certain people in your life usually labeled as narcissists are not always clinically diagnosed as that are going to get extremely angry at you for saying no, I can't do XYZ that you previously always said yes to. Every time that I start saying no to certain things, I noticed real quickly who I'm not supposed to work with who I'm not supposed to do business with because they get livid that my that I said no to them. They get just destroyed inside and you know what, it's not my responsibility to make sure that they don't feel that way by me saying yes to them. And so this book by boundaries is huge book on that topic, as well as a really good one. Not Nice by Dr. Aziz Ngozi paura. Stop people pleasing, staying silent, feeling guilty, and start speaking up saying no asking boldly and unapologetically being yourself. And so this book has been an incredible book, on my journey as well. On this topic right here, of people pleasing, as well as how to do the work by Dr. Nicole LePre. How to recognize your patterns, heal from your past and create yourself. So these are books, I've read them multiple times on these topics, to help you start to break past perfectionism start to break out of out of people pleasing. Here's the books right here how to do the work. Not nice by Dr. Aziz right here. And we have boundaries by Dr. Henry Cloud. But you learn to say no more often, that's going to simplify so much in your life. It's written in 1992. And it feels so much more relevant. Even to especially today in our COVID world. This book has become more relevant the older it gets. It's incredible. He was ahead of his time here. He really was. Because I think people are, are, are more afraid of saying no to certain things today than they were years ago. And are more concerned with pleasing people. And what are people thinking about me? And what are their opinions of me? And am I making everybody else around me happy and taking care of everybody else around me in my life. And my friends, that's what stops us from reaching our goals. That's what stops us from from being able to walk in our fullness. That's what stops us from being able to live at our potential

[1473:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: reading these books here and the the work by Nicole, I might have misspelled her name. Yeah, Dr. Cloud has a version of boundaries in the ditch. Yeah, he he has a membership of it too. But an audiobook. I listened to everything through audiobooks. I'm telling you, one of the best coaching programs that you can sign up for yourself is an audible description subscription. Because the various books that you get to listen to and read from Great Teachers and Leaders, as well, Kindle Unlimited has a lot of books, too. A lot of authors are putting their books on there as well, because they pay for how many reads they have. So Kindle Unlimited is a is a thing. By the way. If you want to write a book, Kindle Unlimited is a great way to be able to get your books out there for free to people, because they actually pay you for how many pages of your book people read, which is awesome. It's a membership as well. All right, let's see any other questions here? Are you directly on Facebook now are you using OBS or another streaming software? I am using OBS, I have OBS right here. So OBS is a free program, basic settings. And then I use restream.io. So restream.io sends all my stuff out to Facebook, Twitter, YouTube

[1502:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: was going to be interesting, it's going to turn into like a big giant hall right here. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and in the Facebook group. And so what it does is that I use OBS to actually send that signal out through there. And so then it logs into their server and sends it on to all these and then I have my I have my cell phone right here on a tripod. So my cell phone right here. This is how I do most of my live videos. My cell phone is is on Instagram, Instagram Live. So unless you update the title and everything in there so that's why we got people logging in on Instagram. Again the recordings of this they are being taken down on February 9. So you do need to make sure that you that's you log in that you purchase before then as well as if you haven't watched all days of this. Make sure that you watch all of the days of this three day intensive So, there's so much that has been taught in these three days, if you want to rewatch them for free, they will be up until February 9, which is when this offer ends. So until February 8 At midnight, which is basically February, February 9, midnight on February 8 297, for one payment, or three installments for 117. And you'll be able to get all of my courses here to help you with creating a course, running ads. irresistible offers website building and social media content. And it walks you through step by step all the technical aspects of this. I'll give you a little behind the scenes peek see here. Of so I found a mistake on that page. That's why I tell people don't be afraid to make mistakes. Listen, if somebody doesn't want to do business with you, because you made a mistake. I don't want to do business with them either. Like if they're like, Yeah, I just, I can't do business with you because you made a mistake. Oh, great. I don't want to do business with you either. And that's the attitude really that like I think everybody needs to have. humans make mistakes. The most successful people always make mistakes. It's how you handle your mistakes that matters. So here it is. It's not a pre launch anymore. It's actually fully launched. So I'm just gonna remove this line right here and delete it. Boom. I press save. That's how easy it is to edit a Squarespace site. So check it out at Jeremiah Krakowski comm forward slash grow. I'll put the link right here as well, I sent it to you in the email. And you'll be able to grab all of those courses over my website for one payment of 297 or three installments of 117. Let's see. I learned a lot from my mentors mistakes. failures, the pathway to success? Absolutely. Childhood Trauma, yes. That's huge to growing and healing out of what's held us back. Awesome, that's let go your spreads mistakes but keep the lessons Absolutely. Listen sometimes to i. So when I made a mistake, sometimes I will learn a lesson and then realize is that different lesson two, three years later, I've had that happen to where it's like, oh, the lesson that I thought I learned really wasn't the lesson, I learned the real lesson like three years later based off of that's how that's how humans work. That's how we work. We have a process that we go through. But you as a course creator, you got to be willing to put yourself out there, you got to be willing to make mistakes, you got to be willing to be to be able to mess up. Here's the thing as well, I want to encourage you, if you're somebody that came from corporate America, and you're wanting to build a course or coaching business, listen to this podcast episode on my podcast called transitioning from corporate employee to entrepreneur. Every, it's almost 30 minutes long. And it's specifically on that topic. There's a there's a specific mindset that you need to go through.

[1576:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And there's a few key elements that made us that makes people really successful and corporate, really successful when they do a service for people like social media marketing or ads management or graphics design. So there's these skill sets that when we work for other people work really well to our benefit that you actually have to unwire in your brain to be a successful entrepreneur. And as a coach and a course creator, you literally have to take what made you the most successful at corporate unwire it not your skill set of like actually like doing stuff, but the framework of how you did it, and how you interacted with other people, and you have to unwire and reprogram your brain when you leave corporate to be able to even have a chance of being successful as an entrepreneur. And so I break that down on my Podcast, episode number 149 on the Grow Your Life podcast, you can listen to that on podcast apps anywhere, all about that mindset that you need, and the strategies that you need in your toolkit to be able to be successful as an entrepreneur, if you've left the corporate world, so highly recommend that to people. That's what I had to do. Like I had so many limitations based off of what made me ultra successful in a corporate environment. Listen, when I was working for my mom, it was still a corporate environment. It was just because it was my mom it was a very if you know my mom, you know it was rigid. I wasn't getting the paycheck just because my last name was the same as hers. Some people think that that's, that's the case if y'all know my mom, you know, that ain't the case. She'd be like, I dock your pay. And but I had to learn on learn, like the strategies that made me really successful when I worked for her when I worked for Danny Johnson and all of that. I had to literally unlearn a lot of those strategies to be successful as an entrepreneur. And then I realized, oh, wow, mom. Interestingly, Mom was always encouraging me in that she was always encouraging me to do certain things. And you know, I didn't learn it until I started doing it on my own. There's so many lessons. It's funny that like, when I worked for my mom, she was like, trying to encourage me to learn. And then I actually had to start my own business before I actually understood the lessons. And I'm like, Oh, thanks, Mom. From like, six years ago. Killing perfectionism was one of the number one things that I struggled with. And listen, perfectionism actually makes you very successful in a corporate world. It does. Really does. It it's kryptonite, as an entrepreneur. So yeah, my friends. Listen, this has been great these past couple a couple of days here. This has been really awesome. Working here with you learning together, learning how to be successful as a course creator, as a coach. If you stuck it out through here, I truly believe that you have what it takes to be successful at this. But like we had a lot more people on day one than are here at 243 in the afternoon, central time. Now, like you have the tenacity, you have what it takes. Now go implement it, go take action. I can't wait to see you guys tomorrow. At one o'clock. We're going to do q&a. We'll keep going as long as we have so come up with some questions. Write them down, write them down, be ready to ask them. There's no silly questions. We're going to do that tomorrow. February 5, at 1pm Central, as well as Tuesday, February 8 at 1pm Central. Any questions that you guys have and obviously you know, I sent you an email about the course bundle you can find it at my website, Jeremiah Krakowski comm. If you scroll down, you can see it or Ford slash grow. One payment of 297 or three installments of 117. Some of you guys got a cheaper deal on this before. And now you're glad that you didn't wait because you'd have to pay more. So I said don't wait again, this price is also going to be going up. I'm going to be raising this price. Like it's never going to be 297 for all of my courses again. So this is the last time that's going to be that it's going to be raised and increased from there. Alright. Have a good one, everybody.

