Client Growth Accelerator - LIVE TRAINING + Q&A
Date: 2022-12-19T19:46:30.000Z
Duration: 121 min
Otter ID: 1hpt2ur08J4rumwClBmDxunvsGM
---

[1:12] Speaker 0: All righty already already. Here we go. Today's live training let's

[3:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: go live in the group.

[4:44] Speaker 0: Let's go live in the Facebook group. Let's

[5:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: let some people in here welcome welcome welcome

[6:07] Speaker 0: welcome today everybody grab the invite info How's everyone doing today

[12:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, one of the one of the biggest things that I

[14:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: just gotta say has been on my heart lately

[16:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, whoops, this is not working,

[16:49] Speaker 0: let's see, sign in here. Facebook,

[18:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to go live in the group as well. I'm shut chat, chat, chat chat up, you know what, I'm just gonna do it as my wife. I'm logged in as her on this browser, so we're just gonna do it as her.

[22:28] Speaker 0: That's fine.

[22:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: She doesn't really use her Facebook that much. So she's like, Yeah, use it for whatever.

[24:47] Speaker 0: I'm see. Okay, Zoom live stream, we

[26:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: got the invite. Join us live here. That way people can join us live, we're gonna go into the CGA group.

[29:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's going to be posted live as Abigail.

[30:53] Speaker 0: So anybody who sees it, how that happened.

[32:16] Speaker 1: When the World Cup took down my videos, I was gonna go live as her on all platforms, they released ownership of all of my content this week, so which is good. And to that, like that's going to segue into what I what I wanted to share, just as some training today. I'm excited. I'm loving the fact that like a ton of people are getting breakthrough. A lot of people are, you know, even some people who aren't on here, Deborah Scott, she's getting some breakthrough on her niche, and ideas that she wants to do. And, and new ideas are coming out of this time that we have together for people I want, I want to encourage you, and that is that that's something that ends up happening when you get into this space is you might have one idea that you started with, and it'll change into a better idea. It'll change into something that's more profitable. And that's really the biggest thing is, is don't be so attached to one specific idea for your coaching that like and I have somebody on my social media, who did this. Unfortunately, she's not in this program.

[51:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'd love for her to be in this program. But she's been trying to make the same coaching niche idea work for five years with no clients. And I'm like, you might want to pivot and she's like, No, I don't quit. I'm not a quitter. And I'm like, okay, that I'm not a quitter. Like, she sees it as she's quitting. If she pivots to something that's more profitable after five years of struggling No, no, that that is actually wisdom to do that. And so realize, like, sometimes we have these behaviors, these ideas, these things that come in, from how we were raised, or stuff that has been beaten into us even of like, what we should do what we shouldn't do, and there's it all just encourage everybody in. We don't need to we don't need to take life, we don't need to take this business.

[66:00] Speaker 0: So seriously.

[66:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now what do I mean by that? Well, life is obviously serious. There's a lot of stuff going on, there's, you know, but like, we don't need to take like everything so seriously, to the point that it limits us from even doing something or putting something out there. That's what I mean when I say like we have to lower our standards when it comes to launching. What everybody in here needs to be doing. If you're a coach, if you're a mentor is you need to have some kind of an offer where people join you for a zoom call for a training. And you're able to listen and ask questions and it becomes a feedback loop for you for your sales and marketing and your marketing some kind of a zoom call. Now here's what happens. The ID of doing a live zoom call to strangers on the internet who have never met you before. That ends up triggering the feeling of like, well, I am not a great public speaker. What if I mess up? What if I say the wrong thing? What if it doesn't convert to sales? And this is where the we end up catastrophizing and coming up with all the ways that it could go wrong, before we even start. Instead, we got to look at what can I do now? To say, No, I'm not going to hesitate anymore. I'm going to take action, and I'm going to start building and I'm gonna start doing the six steps. If you still haven't, haven't found your niche, yet, there's some great training in the members area on finding your niche. Underneath the virtual event vault, you'll find the finding your niche training. So these are two sides of the spectrum that I see people that are in this in this group. Now there's a number of people that are in this group as well. I just want to congratulate verniece and and Deborah, and Adele, and Shonda, and Monica and, and Donna and and, and if I miss any that Joey, Joey's been doing it for a long time Joey's like,

[102:36] Speaker 1: a rock star when it comes to launching offers. I just I just really like, I'm, I'm so impressed and honored by the fact that everybody who's in here really is this is a rockstar group. And that's what I see is I got a vision of, of, we have this is, this is a community of leaders. This is a community of people that are born and called to lead others. And when you're a coach, when you're a mentor, you're leading others to a transformation that makes their life better. And they end up paying you for that. And so when we can look at it from that perspective,

[113:28] Speaker 0: it puts a little bit of pressure

[113:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: on us because we don't want to be we don't want to fail at leadership. We don't want to hurt people, we don't want to cause problems. What I've noticed is a lot of coaches and mentors have been mishandled, have been misled, have seen a lot of leaders

[119:21] Speaker 0: fail at their post of

[119:47] Speaker 1: leadership. And so we don't want to do that. And so that gets us stuck along the six steps, we get stuck picking our niche, we get stuck creating our offer copy, we get stuck building out the landing page, we get stuck promoting, because then it's like okay, now we got I got people in front of me that I gotta lead.

[124:49] Speaker 0: Okay. And so

[125:05] Speaker 1: thinking about it from that perspective of I got people now that I got a lead, it puts a lot of pressure on us. And I would just I would just encourage you, this isn't encouraging you to be irresponsible, to be abusive, harmful, obviously, like if you're in this group, you know that. But what I am encouraging you with is not to take things so seriously, to like literally like just kind of like breathe a little bit. When it comes to launching your offers, putting it out there, make the process fun, make the process exciting for me. I wake up in the morning, excited to come up with ideas for offers of how to meet new people. We got some new people in the group here we got Bobby, we got

[139:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nina, we got Melissa. We got We got new people that have joined the program here in the last week have joined the coaching program. And I'm excited because I get lit up with new people coming into this ecosystem. Because I know and this is the vision that I have is again I want to I want to help 1000 People become millionaire coaches. I want to upgrade your thinking that you can be a millionaire not just a six figure earner. And really that's the that's the focus in 2023 is that you can become a millionaire. Or you can make as much money as you want to make you don't you don't have to become a millionaire. You can make six figures, and then make multiple six figures and have a great life for yourself. But what I see is I'm going to point you in the direction that's going to help you become a multimillionaire because I know what it takes to get there. Because I know what you need to do each day and really what it is, is is working less doing less. That's actually the that's actually the biggest unlock is having your time be optimized to where you're doing less where you're not having to do all this stuff, to where it's actually about, okay, how can I make the most amount of money with the least amount of input from me possible? I saw somebody posted in the group, you know, one of her biggest worries and fears was that she doesn't have time to make wrong moves, make wrong mistakes and mess up.

[165:38] Speaker 0: The truth is,

[166:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're not going to do everything perfect, you're still going to make wrong moves and mess up, even when you're experienced.

[168:31] Speaker 1: I made it a couple huge mistakes this past week. In our business, in our marketing, I actually, I don't think that I'm going to be offering financing on the client growth accelerator ever again, because I actually think it confused people. And now because they have that option there, they're there. They're there. They're not signing up. There's not as many people that are registering, and nobody's used the financing option that has registered. And so I actually think that that confuses people gives them more of a lazy way of looking at things. And I've gotten a ton of messages from people saying, yeah, just I'd love to, but now's not the right time. And I'm like, Okay, well, I've never gotten those messages from anybody before. So what did I change differently? Well, I added this option that now makes people think that they can put it off for 60 days, and I think it triggered. So guess what, I messed up,

[182:41] Speaker 0: I failed.

[183:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'm gonna fail, and I'm gonna keep failing, and I'm gonna keep making mistakes, and I'm gonna keep screwing up. And I'm gonna keep making messes because as a human being, that's, that's part of success. That's part of the process, that's part of actually achieving the goals that you have, you know, the month before, when we were working with Rick Pino before he had his million dollar month, he lost $40,000 in ad spend $40,000 in the toilet gone.

[192:40] Speaker 0: And some of you are say, Well, I would never do that.

[194:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: That standard of I would never do that as actually something that's that's keeping could be keeping you from succeeding.

[196:48] Speaker 0: Because you're

[197:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: not willing to step out take a risk and the requirement to control the outcome. So perfectly is so elevated in your mind and in your, your priority space.

[201:00] Speaker 0: That to put yourself out there to take a risk is is the equivalent of committing a cardinal sin.

[204:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so we have to a stop taking it so seriously. Start putting stuff out there. I truly say this often. And I got I finally got the words for it. I was listening to present I've never listened to much of his stuff. It was a Wayne Dyer said.

[210:14] Speaker 0: We need to stop

[210:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: trying to manage our reputation so much. And I really believe in that is that we need to stop trying to control our own internal reputation. Like okay, I'm, I'm not a risk taker, I never make mistakes, I never mess up. I had that standard in my life for years. And, and, and living your life inside of that safety net. of not taking risks, not making mistakes, makes it very hard for you to actually do the things that are going to make you money in a business as a business owner. Because you're gonna see the the actual actions that you need to do in your business are going to appear reckless to you. They're going to appear unwise, they're going to appear dangerous. Now, I want to I want to honor that right there as well. If we look at internally, our hesitation when we're hesitating to do something, we all hesitate in different ways. I have been hesitating on transferring my LLC from Arizona to Texas because honestly, I hate doing that stuff. It's just it's like makes me sick to my stomach. Um, and there's three ways to do it. I know and I've studied it and I've talked to five lawyers about it. So if you're like, hey, I can help you. I've talked to like, six or seven people about it in the last week. So

[234:56] Speaker 0: I'm

[235:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: now I know what I need to do. But I was hesitating on doing that for a while. We all hesitate on things. But as soon as we start moving the needle forward and taking action, so for instance, like I want to honor I'm Susan, who, and she's not on this call right now. But she posted in the groups like, Hey, I signed up for Jasper. And now I'm stuck. They're asking for a domain name. And they're asking for a business name. I actually didn't know that they asked for that before you sign up. And I realized, I wonder if that's why a whole bunch of people are struggling to start to use Jasper to get their copy, because they're like, Well, I don't have a domain name. And I don't have a business name yet, here's the thing, make up something, put it in there doesn't matter.

[247:13] Speaker 1: Like, it's not your taxes, it's Jasper, they're not going to come after you. They're not going to shut your account down. And you can go make a domain name@godaddy.com In seconds like that. You can go make a domain name, you can go you can go form an LLC, usually in your state with platforms like legalzoom.com. And there's other ways to do that, I'd recommend you know, if you're making over 50k a year in profit, you're gonna want to be an S corp. But you don't have to be that initially, when you start, you can start as an S corp, and do all that kind of stuff. And that payroll, but here's what I see, as a lot of people, they hesitate to do the things in their business because they don't have the 30 million things that come afterwards figured out yet.

[261:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that behavior is, is usually wired ins in people. It's, it's usually been trained, it's been taught, it's been possibly beaten into you when you didn't do that. And what I mean is, like, when you didn't hesitate and you and you took quote, unquote, reckless action, you got hurt before

[268:37] Speaker 0: it ends up training us to not do that, ever again. And so that's where I would invite you to when

[271:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're building your coaching business, again, the first three steps are really the ones. And I'm so thankful for those that are in the groups that are past these three steps, you already got your offer, you're promoting it. But you're still, now you got to rewrite the copy and you got to start over again, maybe it didn't work out how you want it to. So now you're going back through the process. The step of writing your offer copy, creating the landing page. I did a podcast episode this week, all about this. And so I would encourage you to go check out that podcast, it's all about breaking up with the fear of breaking up with hesitation and overcoming the fear of technology. Because a lot of people deal with, they're not used to using the technology. And so they have a good message, but they think that they have to learn all this tech stuff beforehand. Nowadays, they've made technology easy enough. It's not what it was four years ago, or even two years ago. A You can't break anything with any of the software's anymore be if you mess up you can always wipe it and start with a clean slate.

[289:42] Speaker 0: Okay. And so

[290:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's worth just playing around and experimenting with technology experimenting with Jasper experimenting with Squarespace just to see like how do the buttons work, you know, log into the members area in the in this program, and I have lessons I've been walking you through in the funnel building Made Easy course we're on lesson five now. I go slow enough through each step of building a complete funnel using Squarespace. Think if IK and Zapier and we just hit the part of like the thank you pages the auto responders we're gonna we're gonna go into now how do you make your pitch and your offer we're doing that later this week. The email marketing course I show you how to write killer emails that get opened copywriting mastery course in the members area you go to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com The copywriting Mastery Course walks you through how to use Jasper, which the same tools also applied to chat GPT now that we got chat GP to hear as a tool that we can use, maybe you don't have a budget for Jasper but chat GPT is kinda like Jasper light, and it's good enough to get you started. It really is. Jasper, I have done some side by sides Jasper is better. It's producing much more tuned marketing language. So Jasper, I think it's still worth the investment. But I am using chat GPT to take large pieces of content and condense them down. I have a methodology where I take all of the transcripts that I do and I condense it down and I pull key points out of it. And it turns into my content my offers and and to help people I'll take the Q and A's and stuff An extract a lot of that using transcript software. But I digress. Any area where we hesitate we got to look at and sit with, here's what I would just encourage you to do. This is what helped me so much, and helped a lot of people during our five day event that we did this weekend. And for those of you who'd like, just joined like Bobby's like, Man, you've covered this all last week, on the five day event ends, like you just covered this, here's the thing, a lot of the people who are in the client growth accelerator weren't with us for that five day event. And so that's why we're going to be doing your jumpstart training on Wednesday, specifically for brand new members, I want to get everybody up to the point up to the level, I want everybody in this group to really be on the same wavelength to be on the same page together. And this is what we talked about during the five days. And I really saw a lot of breakthrough in the people in that free event. If you haven't gone through those five days of the free event and you're in this program, I'd recommend at least just checking out some of it as well. The first the first couple of days were really good on mindset, really good on breaking up with hesitation. Really good with taking actions and moving forward. What

[339:12] Speaker 0: you want to do is

[339:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you think about, okay, I know what I need to do next in my business, whatever it is, there's no stupid answers by the way, we need to stop comparing ourselves to where other people are at and think that where we are at on our journey is irrelevant simply because we're further behind where other people might be. Realize that that the people who are ahead of you were where you are at when they started. And so whatever that thing is, you got some options. You can post in the Facebook group and ask for help. You can ask questions on calls like this, when we go into our q&a time. You can post what you're dealing with now. That's where then you come up with Okay. Am I embarrassed to post? Am I embarrassed to ask for help?

[352:47] Speaker 0: And that's where I don't really know the answer to that.

[355:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because I don't do a lot of stuff that makes me feel embarrassed either. So but at the end of the day, you got to at least take the risk put yourself out there. This group the client growth accelerator group is a is a is a safe space where you can you can post your questions, and you're not gonna get judged, you're gonna get encouraged for it. You know, I make a commitment to you that I'm not going to respond harshly, like a harsh coach, like, Oh, you're stupid, you should know that already. Like, no, no, like, I'm realizing like anybody who's in here, no matter what stage you're at, in your journey. Is at that's normal, like everybody is going through what's normal, you're going through what's a normal part of the process? So let's take a look at what can we learn? What can we grow in? what are maybe some of the belief shifts that we need to make? What are some of the mindset shifts? What are some of the habits we need to change, to start to be successful. Now, here's the other thing that I'll say

[371:27] Speaker 0: to this is we need to watch

[372:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: how much we judge others and how much we judge ourselves. I grew up in a household where all we did was talk about what other people did wrong, whether it be politics, the pastor at church leaders, and judged how they could do better. And we were just judging, judging, judging all the time. If you notice that most of your conversations with people are about what other people are doing wrong, and that they should be doing better or you're judging what other people are doing. I'm not saying that you need to now just say well, you know, I said I said this the other day on my social media and some lady took it as me saying that we should just accept pedophilia and child sacrifice and I'm just like, Okay, you took that way too far. Like, but like she was like, offended and appalled that I said that we should stop judging other people's behaviors and start looking at ourselves. And I'm just like,

[390:30] Speaker 0: okay. She's not in this program.

[391:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're if you're called to be a leader, as a coach and a course creator, specifically, what will limit you really is how much judgment you have towards others because you're going to judge yourself in that same way. And so if you ever judged another leader and said, hey, they shouldn't be leading other people until they fix that about themselves, or they shouldn't be leading other people until they do this perfectly. or they shouldn't be leading others until they perform at a certain level or reach some level of you will end up holding yourself to that same standard. And I'm telling you that standard is unreasonable. That standard is completely unrealistic. You may have been with a leader who is abusive, and mistreated you and discarded you, when they were no longer had any use for you. And I'm not saying that behavior is okay. But that judgment that we have towards other people will keep us from putting ourselves out there. Because maybe we know that we need to grow in this area, this was something I was dealing with, for a long time, we know that we need to grow in this area to not be reactive in this way. And we know that if a certain type of person comes, we're going to be reactive, here's the thing, you're gonna mess up. Your you're gonna make mistakes, you're going to not lead perfectly.

[416:40] Speaker 0: You're going to lead and make messes.

[418:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: When we hold these unreasonable standards over ourselves of well, I can't move forward, until I know that I'm not going to fail. You'll get better at not failing by simply moving forward. It's like riding a bike. It's like driving a car. In the coaching space, in the marketing side of getting clients, you get better by doing. You get better by falling down and skinning your knee a few times. Is it does it hurt? Is it painful? Yes, it is. But you got to get back up on that bike, you got to jump back into the deep end and learn to swim, you got to, you know, get out of the parking lot and start to get on the highway. That's kind of what I want to just encourage all of you in is, is a lot of people. We sit on the sidelines, and we look at what other people are doing wrong. And we got opinions and we got opinions of how we would do it differently. But then we're not ever actually getting in the game. Because of the judgment that we have, or the fear of it not working out how we envision it, we become so attached to a specific vision, we get so attached to how I want things to go, we get so attached to Well, I need it to work out this way or else I can't do it. And listen, if that's if that's you, I'll say this, if you really like you needed to work, or else you're gonna give up, it might be better if you just take a break and give up. It might be better for your nervous system and might be better for your family to take a break and

[448:24] Speaker 0: to quit. And and to stop pushing so hard.

[450:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: You probably never thought you'd hear that from me. But that's what I mean. Like, we need to stop taking life. So seriously, we need to stop taking our businesses. So seriously, we need to relax a little bit. We need to we need to learn to calm our nervous system down. We need to learn to to chill out just a little bit. Because then what flows from that is creativity. What flows from that is not striving. What flows from that is what actually creates financial success in the coaching and online course space. Because that energy, the energy that you come across with is more attractive to people. I've noticed when I'm calmer, I'm a better leader. When I work on being calm. I'm noticing Okay, I got a new baby on the way. I need to learn to control my emotions better, right. So that's, that's a big part of when it comes to our marketing when it comes to putting ourselves out there. Yes, it's all it's all risk. You can't guarantee that any marketing campaign is going to convert. You can't guarantee that the moves you make are gonna work out well.

[471:08] Speaker 0: You might lose money. That's part of it.

[472:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Waiting until you can guarantee that you're not going to lose money isn't the solution. Waiting until you can guarantee that it's going to go your way is not the solution. That's not reality. That's not That's not what living life on planet Earth.

[478:12] Speaker 0: Even is doesn't exist. doesn't exist.

[480:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: And especially not in this business. And so again, a lot of the activities that you're going to need to do need to do each day, they might feel unsafe, they might feel uncomfortable. If you sit with that feeling of unsafety. When you know what you need to do, I want you to think about, Okay, where did I first feel this feeling, not in your business, but like in your life, because usually you're gonna, you're actually going to look at your hesitation and your business, you're going to look at what stalling you and your business. And you're going to actually notice that you felt this way before in a previous situation. And you might get a memory or a picture in your head of when

[491:19] Speaker 0: that was.

[492:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it might take you some time, maybe not right now. But journaling and sitting and thinking about that might take 20 minutes to think about that. What I found is that when we can identify where we first felt these feelings, these thoughts, we can disempower the belief that's behind them, by changing the belief by changing the belief that is actually triggering it. So for instance.

[499:30] Speaker 0: If I was told

[501:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: that I would, okay, yeah, here's a great example, if I was told that I would be sued for $100,000, for making any mistakes, with Facebook ads with a client. That would trigger me and it did trigger me when it happened to not want to run Facebook ads. Okay. And so but that created a belief in me of, I can't run Facebook ads, unless I can guarantee I don't get sued.

[509:09] Speaker 0: Okay, but that's

[510:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: not even reasonable or realistic. Because the reason I got threatened with that was the client that I was working with was erratic, irrational, not a healthy leader, not a healthy person, not somebody that I would

[514:54] Speaker 0: ever work with, again,

[516:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: is somebody that I would have boundaries, and would actually not take their money as a client anymore. So really, like, in my present reality of running Facebook ads, I don't exist in a world anymore, where I'm getting threatened with lawsuits

[521:16] Speaker 0: simply for doing my job. Does that make sense?

[522:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because I no longer attract those type of clients who use threats to lead people. I no longer hang out with those types of people. I want to ask you this. This is a great question. Do any of you have friends or family

[527:44] Speaker 0: who use threats or guilt trips? Or try to hurt you or make you feel bad? When you do something they don't like.

[533:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I grew up in a family where that's all that the family did. In fact, I have messages right now from my aunt.

[535:30] Speaker 0: ripping into me for not silencing my mother.

[536:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, I'm, I'm the worst human on planet Earth, according to my aunt, for not silencing my mother because my mother's talking about my grandmother abusing her.

[540:09] Speaker 0: I had to block her.

[540:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: She's my aunt, my uncle threatened physical violence against me last year.

[542:55] Speaker 0: I blocked him.

[543:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the reason why is that because I wasn't. I wasn't giving money to my grandma, he threatened me. You know? And so if we find ourselves in situations where we are being threatened by people on a regular basis, you might want to look at why do I find myself hanging out with these people still? Why am I listening to these people? Why am I spending my time with these people? And maybe maybe you think that you, you can change them? Maybe you think that you can coach them or lead them. Here's the thing, a person who uses threats and violence to control other people is not going to be changed by your opinion, because they see themselves as in a power position. And they're not going to give up that power at all to anybody. And so it's best to limit your exposure to those people. It's best to limit our exposure to those people now when we go out there and we put our marketing out

[558:38] Speaker 0: there. Okay. I get a lot of

[559:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: rain. really mean nasty messages when I run Facebook ads about what a scammer I am about how none of this stuff works, how I'm just a grifter? Who's getting people to join a program and stealing their money. You know, like, is that true? No, it's not. But it actually used to bother me. And I was afraid to run Facebook ads for almost a year because of how nasty those comments got. Because they got really bad. And I'll tell you this, every client that I've worked with, the more money they make, the more successful they are, the nastier the comments get. They do. And so this is where we want to sit with okay. Are we avoiding putting ourselves out there? Because we don't want to get nasty comments? Are we avoiding putting ourselves out there because we don't want people to judge us a certain way to say certain things to threaten us, the threats are actually going to come. I'll say, in my mom's business, she's gotten a ton of threats, death threats, all that over the years, nobody has ever actually acted on any threat that they've made towards her Rick Pitino ton of threats, Georgia and ban off ton of them. But we've never actually found that anybody has acted on any of those things. They're all just a bunch of hot air.

[581:39] Speaker 0: And so if

[582:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: the idea of putting yourself out there, and people threatening you is too scary, at something to look at, I truly believe that you can heal from the pain. And these things no longer have to control you. But some people might not be at that stage yet are ready to do that. And that might take you a year or two, to heal from and to grow into that way to where you're not afraid of other people that much to where you're willing to put yourself out there. You could do all the right things have the most integrity in the world.

[591:38] Speaker 0: And people will still hate your guts.

[592:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's not your job to make them like you. It's not your job to get them to agree with you. Your job is to say, Okay, I want to make an offer that solves a problem for somebody. And I'm going to put it on a landing page on a Squarespace site or a Wix site or Click Funnels or Kajabi. And people are going to sign up for a zoom call that I'm going to do on Saturday, January 7, because that actually a day, yes, it is. Saturday, January 7, that I'm going to put that out there, people are going to register over the holiday season to sign up for this event that we're doing Saturday, January 7 at 11am. Right? I think that anyone who's in this group, you can do that. And that you could run a January 7 event. Or you could run a January 14 event, or a January 21 event. Pick one of those three Saturdays, and do a live zoom call. And then schedule out maybe two or three weeks out from that Saturday event, three days where you do a three day intensive. And what you can do is you can even pre record the content if you want to, and deliver that to people pre recorded, we have found by you doing it live, it helps you actually internally break past some of the fear of public speaking, by doing it, even when you're sweating bullets by doing it even when you're scared by doing it, you've only got the pit in your stomach. But if that's completely impossible for you pre record it, put it out there pre recorded, send people the recording at the time, post the recorded link at the time and press publish at the time and tell people to refresh the page at the time that it goes live. You can also use a tool like restream or stream yard where you you make a recording and then you could have the recording stream it to YouTube at the time that you go live. So this is a way that all of you could do this. All of you could say okay, I got a training, I'm gonna launch it on Tuesday, the 17th are Saturday the 21st. And then you you record it and then you schedule it through stream yard. And I'm going to I'm going to be there's multiple ways to do pre recorded stuff. This week, I need to record an actual training on how we do that and add that as a bonus to the virtual event playbook. Um, but there's no there's no real reason to stay stuck to hesitate from launching and putting out there some kind of a live event where people can register with you sign up and show up. And then you run some kind of a q&a or have a survey that you send them to hear from them what they want to learn what they're struggling with. Because that's that's the biggest factor. The only reason that you're actually really doing a lot of these have events

[640:11] Speaker 0: is for feedback.

[641:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sales and Marketing is your supreme priority. Sales and marketing comes before

[643:09] Speaker 0: you being an excellent coach. It's

[644:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: a higher priority for you to market and sell programs, then for you to actually coach people. Now, that doesn't mean that your coaching is crap.

[647:25] Speaker 0: I believe

[648:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: we have one of the best coaching programs out there, for course creators and coaches in here. From the training, you get to the q&a to the support. And thank you for everyone who's been in here for a while that says that and for the kind words that we've been getting from everybody all week. But I can only meet you halfway. And so I need you to work on okay, what's going on up here? What's what's going on right here? Why am I hesitating to launch? A free zoom call, or a live event where people show up? And then I can sell them on a training? Where are we stuck on that process? Where are we stuck on that process. And so that's where we get to work together during q&a, where we get to work together when you post in the group is to get you unstuck. The only reason anybody in the client growth accelerator would be stuck is simply just because you're choosing to be stuck, which is okay, by the way, you can choose to be stuck, you might say I want to choose to be stuck for a month, and I'm gonna come back to it. Great. But spend that time healing, not running away from what you're afraid of. That's going to be the biggest thing. See, we all have these cycles in our life, we all have these patterns, if you look at the last seven years of your life, the last 14 years of your life I want you to think about this is you probably have a cycle and a pattern that when things happen, it triggers and there's a snowball, and it's a cycle. And you might be repeating the same cycle over and over and over again. And at some point in that cycle, you end up being in a coaching program about how to mentor and teach people and then something happens that breaks you out of that cycle. Here's what I want to encourage you to do is look at what in the past has stalled, stopped you and prevented you from moving forward? And what can you learn from it? What can you lean into for that so that it no longer defeats you the next time so that you're not spinning around the same mountain over and over again. I see way too often people, they deal with the same problems over and over again. And I believe that we are trained as humans, that that's how it has to be it doesn't have to be

[685:28] Speaker 0: you can grow out of

[686:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: the same problems and start to climb the mountain or go around a different mountain, by relocating yourself into a different atmosphere, by relocating yourself into a different environment. And that environment might be mentally could come from you changing around the rotation of your office. Why am I doing this coaching today? From my couch?

[693:54] Speaker 0: Because

[694:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: it gets me out of my nor I've been teaching from that chair for like 15 hours last week, it helps me to be in a different spot to actually come forward with the best of me today, by switching up my environment by switching up what I'm doing.

[700:21] Speaker 0: And that's where we got to look at are you powerless in your life? Do you feel powerless?

[703:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you feel like life is happening to you and you just you just can't get out of it. And that there's situations going on around you where other people are actually the deciding factor of where you can go. feelings of powerlessness, I used to feel powerless for years. Like I have all these obligations. I have all these things that I'm doing. I want you to take a look at your life and realize that you actually have the power to choose everything in your life.

[712:02] Speaker 0: Now it might take you some time to choose certain things.

[713:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have the power to choose to be a father to my son or not. And don't take that in an offensive way that I'm saying that I have that it's a choice that I'm making. If I want to love my son if I don't want to be abusive if I want to love my wife, and it's actually a choice that I make,

[719:13] Speaker 0: not an obligation It's a choice. We're

[722:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: all choosing what we do each day. And when we can learn to take ownership over how our life is realized, we're not a victim. Or if you've been a victim, realize that you're no longer a victim. If you've been a victim, realize that you're the one that gets to decide how things move forward. And you get to create and design whatever the next chapter is. And step out of the feeling of powerlessness. Well, I've always done it this way, this is always how it's been. I just don't know any different well, okay, that's a choice. Doing nothing is also a choice. Choosing to do nothing is also a choice. And so we have to look at okay, why am I doing things that aren't serving me? That's really the question. Because it's not even about hesitation. Hesitation is one of the hesitation is it is a big choice that a lot of people make, it's not the only choice. Another choice can be to be so like, anxious, that you're going from one thing to the next, so fast all the time, and you're not slowing down, and you're not taking time to breathe and you're not taking time for self care. That's also a choice. What are the choices in your life that you feel like you're you're a victim to and that you're locked into a prison of and you're powerless to break out of? And that if you did things would go wrong? And would be bad for you? I want you to think about that. Are you creating your life how you want? Or are you just a victim to every single thing that comes your way because it's a choice to stay a victim of how everything is that comes your way.

[752:23] Speaker 0: It's a choice to not heal, he'll it's a choice to stay stuck.

[755:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's also a choice to say, Okay, this isn't working for me, I need to learn some new habits and new skills and work on what's going on underneath the surface. So that, okay, I have a goal. I'm going to write my offer copy, I'm going to use Jasper, I'm going to write it. I'm going to create my landing page.

[760:26] Speaker 0: I'm going to

[762:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: promote it out there to people, I'm going to launch a Facebook ad campaign, I'm going to put some real money behind promoting it. And then I'm going to gather a group of people on a zoom call and teach to them.

[765:14] Speaker 0: Whatever you feel,

[766:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: that starts to cause could be a pain in your neck and your stomach, in your arms. You start to get lethargic, you start to get distracted, we start scrolling social media. The reason why we end up scrolling social media is there's a pain inside of us that we're feeling that we're trying to avoid. We're trying to get rid of we're trying to avoid feeling that pain by doing other things than the thing that we want to do. And there's a great book on this topic called in distractible when the world and there's a great book on this top in distractible by near il let me pull it up right here it's on, it's on Amazon, how to control your attention

[779:54] Speaker 0: and choose your life. How to control your attention and choose your life.

[782:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know how many of you have books that you haven't read yet? How many of you have courses that you haven't gone through yet? Think about that either. Think about whatever that the behavior in your life that's you know, that you need to do, maybe I need to go through a course, maybe I need to make a post in the client growth accelerator group. Maybe I need to read this book, whatever that behavior is. If you sit with it, there's usually some kind of a pain or trigger from your past that is dictating to you.

[791:05] Speaker 0: Not moving forward or doing that thing.

[792:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's and it's usually pretty uncomfortable. Whatever it is journal it down, write it down. And ask yourself what kind of beliefs that I create around this situation? What kind of beliefs that I create, around doing the things that I know that I need to do that are stopping me from doing those things. And you'll be surprised that then when you come at come in, not from a place of judgment, not from a place of criticism, not from a place of self hatred, feeling like you're not good enough, but compassion. And you come at it from a place of actually saying, hey, you know what you've done your, your very best. You've done a great job. And honoring that you've actually done your very best, you might say, Jeremiah, I'm not where I need to be. So that proves I'm not doing my very best. But that type of language, and self like judgment, we got to break up with. Those are like we learned that from whether it be a spouse or a parent or a boss, these harsh sort of management of our behaviors. And we need to learn to we don't need to silence them. But we need to say, You know what, like, I am doing really good. And I get it, I get that in the last season, I needed that harsh behavior. But tell yourself, listen, it's okay. If we make a mistake, it's okay.

[815:58] Speaker 0: To take action on this,

[816:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not going to get hurt like I did last time, I'm not going to do the same thing, I'm going to have wisdom in this, I'm not going to get hurt. Moving forward, I'm not going to take actions that are going to cause problems and then be be willing to make mistakes, be willing to mess up and then soothe that part of you. When you feel like beating yourself up when you feel like being upset with yourself, when you feel disappointed in yourself that you're not performing at a certain level is to honor and love yourself and say, Hey, listen, I'm giving it my best shot. I'm giving it my very best shot. And I'm going after this today. And I'm excited, because I'm learning something new. And I'm doing something new that I've never done before. And I'm so grateful and thankful for the opportunity to change the narratives of what I've always done to change, what hasn't been working to change, what hasn't been going, how I want it to how I wish it would go. This right here that I'm talking about is what's going to take you to six figures in your income. And then you start to look at okay, I did one thing today, what's one thing that you can do each day to move the needle forward for you? That one thing might be you resting, it might be self care today,

[841:24] Speaker 0: it might be self care. Usually, whatever

[842:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: the thing that you're the most resistant to doing is probably the one that you should do next. So for me, when I'm resisting self care, I say, Okay, I need to take a day off. When I'm feeling like if I take a day off, everything's gonna crumble and fall apart. That's when I take a day off. When I'm finding that I'm sitting around, and I'm just scrolling social media, and I'm only wanting to play video games, and I'm not actually building my business, I say, Okay, I need to start to do some of the business stuff that I'm avoiding. So we can actually look at where do we have resistance. And that leads us on the actual path of what our next step is, which is really cool. And that's a really sort of like, a way of getting guidance in how to lead ourselves is where is wherever that resistance is points to now, okay, I'm going to pause here, if your resistance is, you feel like you should go back to an abusive ex spouse, I wouldn't recommend you do that.

[858:51] Speaker 0: Okay. Or an abusive ex boss.

[860:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, I wouldn't recommend you do that. That is actually a trauma bond that's trying to basically recreate the trauma and itself is by you going back to what actually traumatized you, by you going back to the same person. But that doesn't mean that you can't be around people like that person in the future. So I have found that for me, when I get to the level of consulting, there's a lot of different personalities that I don't feel the most safe around in the coaching business. But I found that for me to grow to the next level, I'm going to have to work with those personalities. I'm going to have to learn to not be so triggered by that. But in the beginning right now I'm like, You know what, I'm not going to work with people that are that are judgmental, and perfectionistic. And I know that in the next year, I'm going to have to start doing that. But I'm going to come at it from a place of acceptance and love instead of judgment. I'm starting to see now that people who are judgmental and perfectionistic Well, it was because it's inside of me I'm so judgmental and perfectionistic that now I'm creating this loop In between both of us and our own dealings are, are making us like, fight each other that way.

[882:06] Speaker 0: And so that's just to say, like,

[884:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: we need to stop taking things. So seriously, we really do. Just have fun. Just learn to have fun. That's my biggest piece of advice and give yourself more time of having fun in your life. Give yourself more time of having fun. In your business, your business can be fun, they can be exciting. The coaching business grows, when it becomes fun, when it's

[892:00] Speaker 0: a drag. If something's a drag,

[893:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would say oftentimes, it's something if I find something to be a drag in my business, I just stopped doing that thing. That's a drag, usually, until I can find somebody else to do it. Now if I'm like, Okay, it's writing copy and creating the landing pages like okay, you got to at least do that

[897:19] Speaker 0: and start doing that. But

[898:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: figure out how to make it fun for you maybe find somebody else that can help you with some of the things that you're not good at either. Now, that's a whole other topic, like how do you find people to help you if you don't have money to invest? Well, at that point, you're gonna have to do some of the hard things. So you can find somebody to help you. You know what I mean? But don't let waiting until you have that be the reason now that you're not going to build your business?

[905:46] Speaker 0: Don't we need to, we need to

[906:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: take a look at if there's anything that we're waiting for to manifest in our life. And we're saying, Okay, I'm waiting until this happens. And then I can move forward. Anytime that we kind of make that statement, there's something deeper underneath it that we're actually avoiding.

[911:47] Speaker 0: Because truthfully,

[912:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: in this business, we don't have to wait for anything to happen to launch to create a live zoom call to create an event to create your landing page to develop your sales copy to write all of that, to start those those processes out. And to then start to promote an offer out there.

[917:34] Speaker 0: We don't need to wait for anything.

[919:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think every single one of you is qualified right now. And can and can accomplish, what your goals are. By taking a risk stepping out and putting yourself out there and gathering some people around you and then making a pitch to them for a program that you're offering, whether it be $300 $500 1000 $2,000. And so let's start this week doing that. Let's start this week saying Okay, the first step is to look at okay, why? Why is it Why am I not moving forward? That's really the first thing to look at, right? If you're in the same spot two weeks from now, maybe you're in the same spot you were a month ago. Ask yourself why have I not moved forward? And the answer usually will come well, because I need to do XYZ and then realize, Okay, where did I come up with that belief that I need to do XYZ? And why haven't I done XYZ? If it's a requirement, starting to hold yourself accountable, starting to internally, ask yourself these tough questions instead of avoiding them, well then help you move things forward. Holding your own self accountable, and even coaching yourself to do the things that we know that we need

[940:47] Speaker 0: to do. All right. All right,

[941:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, here's the thing. So I'm gonna I'm going to take some questions. Now here, we have a dedicated q&a day for those that are brand new, where the whole hour is just q&a. That'll be next week. We'll be taking some questions at the end of the Jumpstart call on Wednesday. Usually when I do so I do in this I'll do a whole training for an hour, one Monday a week, like I just did, and that will take 30 minutes for q&a at the end. So we're about to do that. And then we do a whole hour two hour and a half of q&a the next week. So next week is just going to be q&a. I won't actually be teaching Okay, so for those that are new, that's kind of how that goes and the Jumpstart call again is going to help you get up to speed with that if you're brand new on here um yeah, so that's the thing is a lot of you as well. You joined a month ago well we didn't have a jumpstart call. I did have a recording of a jumpstart call. There are recordings of the past jumpstart calls in the Start Here Course in the members area, but it'd be nice to do a live one with everybody here on on there was not a jumpstart call when you joined Donna. There was is only the recording of it. But we will be doing one live this Wednesday at 6pm. Central 7pm. Eastern. And it'll be two hours long. Not not an hour to really help you get jump started.

[964:43] Speaker 0: All right, Deborah. Deborah. Hey, can you see me? Yeah.

[968:25] Speaker 2: Okay, good. All right. So a couple questions. One is I've gotten a holiday hope PDF is for people who are reading during the holidays. I have that just about finished. Cool. And I'm trying to figure out, like, where I put that? Do I just put that in my linked tree? How do I like? I know, like, that's the next thing. But I'm not sure how to connect the people to it. Do I, you know, make it an advertisement. I talked to a curator about my song, he says it would probably do well on YouTube. Could I put it in my YouTube thing? I mean, what oh, I don't know. I don't want to get stuck.

[979:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So that you want to put it in a way where people can sign up, you want to get their email address. And you can put people to the page where they can sign up with the with the offer that you have. So you do you have the offer page built. Basically what you do is any social media posts, you say you can tell people to go check the link in your bio. But that's why running paid ads, and you can run an ad to that offer as well and get people to sign up. But what we have found that really my goal.

[988:53] Speaker 2: Go ahead, sorry, it's delayed.

[989:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: But we have found that converts, for coaches and mentors to the most sales is by doing live video events, where you teach, and you sell people.

[992:22] Speaker 0: All right.

[993:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So live video events, wow, all right, converts the best, a lot of

[994:46] Speaker 0: ebooks are good.

[995:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: But then you're still gonna then have to follow up on email, and the amount of effort that's going to come after just an ebook. It can help support everything else. But you really need to then be actually selling to these people, once they're on your list. Having offers that they can sign up for that you sell them on a program. That's 300 500 $1,000.

[1002:19] Speaker 2: Okay. For me, I'm just like really putting myself out there for the first time in a long time. Yeah. And I wanted to my goal is to start collecting email addresses, like, that's my goal, like, just get my email list built. And then from there, I can start offering courses. This is my thought process. I have something that people are appreciating. So I want to build off from that even. And it's just about having the experience of doing something rather than just like having it in my head. You know what I mean? Yeah,

[1014:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely. Yeah. No, that's great. That's awesome. I think just doing that, putting that out there, getting that going for you is good. What I'm saying is,

[1016:51] Speaker 0: is

[1017:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't want you to get disappointed that know all these like sales, don't start rushing it.

[1019:33] Speaker 2: There's no sales. I know you'd be upset with me. But let me tell you about wins. Okay. You might win got a lot of wins on I have a LinkedIn. I just released my very first professional song, like these are wins, okay. And so I am just like, to me, like this step of just learning how to get somebody to give me their email address, that in itself will be a winner. The next step is to sell. Because that's kind of where I'm at at this point. You know what I mean? It's like it's a process. And yeah, I just, I'm on a journey, and I'm taking some territory back hallelujah. But I have to tell you, like, I've got my document ready to go just about have like, one more paragraph. And then I've got to do where I would get caught was in the technology, see? And I'm thinking do I I can put it in my LinkedIn bio. I can be promoting it on social media sharing

[1039:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the group, bla bla bla, share your song with well, thanks Oh,

[1040:52] Speaker 2: okay, I'll do that. Yeah, um, yeah. So, all right. So um, my goal was to build, start building my email list so that I can start releasing more content and as well as making offers to people. Otherwise, you're just going out on Facebook, you know, saying, I got this, I got this. And there's so many people, especially in the groups that I'm in, they're already trying to sell to each other. No joke, everybody's trying to sell their program to one another. But I have a very specific thing that might be able to connect with a lot of people, you know what I mean? So So basically, you're saying, get my landing page ready. That's what I think I'm hearing you said, Get a landing page ready, put that in the LinkedIn bio. You're,

[1057:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're not going to sell to anybody who isn't following your page, your email lists or in your own groups, I would not recommend selling outside of that. I don't even post free offers inside of groups. And most people are not going to just buy from you because they saw it on social media, they're going to buy from you because they you invited them into some kind of an experience. And you actually lead them to the point of purchasing this is the answer to that they've been looking for. So that activity, actually leading people to make a purchase is a is like a week long process. And then after you're done with that you invite more people into that are the same people into it as well, that then you can sell to. But now you've been doing a great job just by taking action with this. That's something I'll just your keep encouraging yourself in that. Yeah, I

[1074:47] Speaker 2: feel like I have some wins. So basically, I know I might have said this. But when it comes to this little pamphlet, we'll call it a pamphlet. I just say to the P like I have put it in my links and write my link and link tree. I mean, I put it in my link tree. They click on that. And that will take them to a landing page. Is that correct?

[1083:00] Speaker 0: Yep. Okay. All right.

[1083:30] Speaker 2: That's how I capture their email.

[1084:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. And then on the landing page is where Yep, it just tells them like what they're gonna get in exchange for their email. And then they sign up for that, and then that gives them and you're able to then send that to them in the in the auto responder.

[1088:36] Speaker 2: Okay, yeah, that's awesome. Okay. And then one more other question. Um, I went ahead and I signed up to do the hopper HQ. Like, you get two weeks for free. Because I because of my internet, I thought, well, this might be a solution. I would only have to I could go to town, upload up a week's worth of material and have the hopper HQ release it. However, I don't think if I do that process, I don't think I'll be able to put music in it. Is that true? Probably not. Like when I go on Instagram. Okay, that's good to know. That's a big deal for me. Um,

[1099:39] Speaker 0: so

[1100:09] Speaker 2: I'll be navigating that a little differently.

[1100:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: You'll have to you'll have to do it manually.

[1101:47] Speaker 0: To do that. Yeah. Yep. So

[1103:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Peter says, questions for hitter says I'm curious. What were your What are your questions? I answered

[1104:55] Speaker 0: them. Yes, you did. Thank

[1105:52] Speaker 2: you so much.

[1106:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Awesome. All right. So Peter, Peter asked, you know, have we talked about link trees, here's the thing. You're not going to get a lot of clients through your organic social media. If you do, though, you put a link in your bio. And then link tree is just a tool that allows you to put multiple links in the bio because Instagram only allows you to create one link. And so you could I create just a page on my website that has multiple links. And I did that in my Squarespace. But that's not like a huge part of the strategy that we use. Because it's just it's just another way to direct people from your social media, to an offer that you have. You just you want to make it very easy for people. When they find you and the You tell them about an offer for them to go find that offer. Here's the other thing, though, that we're finding is it's better

[1122:09] Speaker 0: on

[1123:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Instagram and even other social media that we're not even telling people like, click the link in the bio or do that. It's better to say, Would you like the link to this and then you reply back to them with a direct message with the link.

[1126:37] Speaker 0: And comment below

[1126:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you want the link. And then you message those people back who comment below, there's an app, I haven't used it very much. But you can use it's called.

[1130:05] Speaker 0: That's called many chat. And so many chat allows you to

[1132:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: do that automatically, where it looks for like a specific keyword that people leave in the comments, and then it sends them an actual link. So like they leave a comment ebook, and then it sends them a link to that it can even opt them into your email that way, by creating these, these chat channels, I haven't used that very much. I have just manually sent people the link, I just have it copied on my clipboard, and then I just manually send it to them. So but many chat is a way to do that, because then you're getting the the added engagement of them saying, Yes, I'd like

[1143:07] Speaker 0: the link. Yes, I like the the

[1146:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: the content that you're sending. When people say yes, I would like the content, it actually will go further because you're actually getting engagement on the post actual engagement that the algorithm likes. And Facebook and Instagram have all said that they actually prefer that type of engagement rather than posting a bunch of links and stuff. So that's just one thing to remember, I've started testing that out where now I don't even I don't actually put the link for my organic

[1155:08] Speaker 0: on there.

[1156:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't get most of the people for all of our, our coaching for all of our live events for for the clients that I'm working with it or making the most amount of money, we're not getting a lot of it organically, we're getting it all through paid advertising. And, and it could be retargeting people that have engaged on our social media. But the algorithms honestly are not going to show your content to very many people, unless they're commenting on you all day long. You could have 10,000 people following you, and only five of them are going to see your posts.

[1164:55] Speaker 0: And so that's why

[1166:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you run paid ads to people who already follow you, you might be like, well, they already follow me, they should know about this. They don't the people who already follow you, the people who are on your email list, they're ignoring your emails, and they're not seeing your social media posts. And so by running paid ads that retarget the people who already engaged with you and follow you, you're able to then get new offers in front of people that previously literally would never see your offers, that you're just assuming they

[1174:15] Speaker 0: would naturally see. Monica and me doing it later this week.

[1177:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've had to go through and think about like, what angle I'm going to take on that I'm probably going to take two different angles, one that's more technical, and one that's super simple. The super simple way to pre record is going to be you have them all go in a Facebook group, and then you use stream yard or restream to basically stream the content in there at the time that you're gonna be alive. That's the simplest way to do it. Because it takes very little tech skill. There's an extremely technical way to do it, where you can stream it into a zoom call as well. That is somewhat difficult to do. I even find it a little difficult from myself. But it does. It allows you to stream a pre recorded content into a zoom call and people don't even know that it's not a live zoom call. But just back to what I was saying like paid advertising is still the number one way to drive people to your to your offers. And your email list. Those are the two methods that we find the most organic traffic can build on some of that. But you're not going to build your coaching business just posting organic paid ads growing your email list, an email in that list with your offers retargeting all the same people who are also already on your list

[1201:12] Speaker 0: retarget See,

[1201:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is a huge thing that

[1202:45] Speaker 0: we found. So I had a client. They,

[1204:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: from a six months told me Don't retarget anyone who's not on our list, and their sales went to almost zero doing that. Because the people who were on their list weren't actually engaging, we had to actually retarget all those same people with ads for things to grow. And so if you're thinking about why I only want people that aren't on my list to see it, because they're already on my list, so they're gonna get an email. I don't want to waste money retargeting them. That thought process isn't going to actually serve your goal of making money cultivating and nurturing relationships with people. So we you we have found this blanket retargeting. Anybody who's visited our website, whether they've been a client or not, I don't segment that out. I take the lazy approach to this produces the most sales brings in the most people. And then you create look alike audiences based on different activities. Like now we've had over 2000 people look at our accelerator landing page, I'm going to create a look alike audience of just our accelerator page. And that's our new audience that we're targeting everything to. Because if you've gone through the process with me and then actually checked out my group coaching, you're you're far more qualified than just signing up or engaging in my content. I've done I've done nothing with YouTube ads Sherilyn. So I have not, I can't really speak to YouTube ads, you know, you want me to make up something, I'm not going to be able to, you could find some training on YouTube about YouTube ads. You can, there's a guy named Elric or

[1228:53] Speaker 0: OWL. Owl, Rick. Heck,

[1230:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: who he teaches about YouTube ads, YouTube ads are our, I've heard are a great way to get people and I've just not, not used them ever for any of our stuff. So all right, ray, ray, do you have a question?

[1236:34] Speaker 3: Yes, I'm sorry. I was trying to unmute. Okay, full transparency. I have a question about because you were talking about, like, why we're stuck. Or you're saying I won't do this until then. So my thing was, I'm in the middle of like, my house is predominantly packed up. And, and, but I'm not moving yet. But my house is packed up. And so it was just kind of, like, not knowing how to host an event. And, and, you know, with the environment being, you know, everything looking at weight, because I was like, literally have to sit on my couch. And it was just kind of like, would that be cool to sit on my couch? Like, I just didn't? So I was just saying, like, well, I'll wait until I actually move. And I get into the space. But like, if I could do it now, I guess I would, but it was, again, I just didn't want to have the whole moving environment. And you know, in the in the surrounding the event. So that was my thing.

[1257:02] Speaker 0: Yeah, gotcha.

[1257:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, I think it's okay to do it however you want. Again, since I've talked with you for a long time. And I've seen different like seasons you've been through First off, you got to give yourself time to transition. That's important, right? Okay. But at the same time, life is kind of always in a state of perpetual chaos transition, moving forward into different things, or really, when it's not, we're stalling. And so setting up a space, with a backdrop, a clear backdrop, and then teaching from that space and doing it while you can, is going to help you that's why minimizing how much work you're actually doing is a big important part of that process. Okay, because we might have built up in our head, okay, I gotta do these 1020 30 steps before I can launch when really it just takes one or two steps of getting the landing page out there. Scheduling a live call and doing that, you know, okay.

[1274:21] Speaker 0: Now, okay, so now now,

[1275:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: do you feel ready? Do you feel? Do you feel Do you feel like guilty doing a class when your house is packed up like that? It was,

[1279:16] Speaker 3: it was it was kind of like the space that I was in and mentally and emotionally, like where I didn't feel at one point where I could show up the way that I needed to yeah, um, but at this point, I've just kind of the, the fog is kind of cleared up for me mentally and emotionally and I like, have the ability to do it. But again, I was just concerned about, like, you know, maybe the professionalism of me being able to navigate between video and the laptop and all that stuff or whatever, while we're where the space that I used to be. And to do that, I was able to do that. But I just felt like I wouldn't be able to navigate the way I need to sit on a couch, like, so that was kind of the thing for me, but I can press through it. Like if it fits like socially acceptable.

[1295:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: It is, it's fine. Here's the thing. So there's a statement that again, I'm still torn

[1296:46] Speaker 0: on. I'm really torn on

[1297:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: how many y'all heard the statement? You got no, right telling the world what to do till you got your house in order?

[1299:29] Speaker 0: Right. And so that gets

[1300:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: caught in your head that that now if you're in a state of transition for five to six years that you got no right to coach people. That's a complete lie from hell.

[1303:20] Speaker 3: I agree. Agree.

[1304:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Agree really, it really truly is.

[1304:55] Speaker 3: It's a completely is because I was saying I was talking to my therapist and shout out to you for saying like Ray talk to a therapist. And so like, I was talking to my therapist, and I was telling her like, I feel like a fry. Like I was just like, I feel like a Yeah, because when you look at my life and everything that I'm pressing through right now, it's just kind of like how you want to tell somebody XYZ but at the same time I'm still talking to people and I'm still helping them get results.

[1314:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love that we're having guys I love it. I love that we're having this conversation because I have I have fought for this for three years

[1317:37] Speaker 0: okay

[1318:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: because we've been in a lot of transition from leaving, you know, my my mom's business we got a room in our house that's not perfectly organized. So let me ask you this right, should I sit down and shut up and stop serving people to that rooms cleaned? There's some people that say that I am unethical unless I do

[1323:53] Speaker 3: man listen, we wouldn't be where we at right now if you had done that,

[1325:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: but here's the thing I did for three years

[1326:14] Speaker 3: gotcha. Gotcha and conversely the people that I've still been talking to in the midst of my in the midst of market guys like they're getting breakthroughs and then in his was his was really crazy there's a blow y'all out here almost the attitude like wait a minute, how do I get a breakthrough and then what if they're getting a breakthrough you're not a fraud It's

[1334:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: a fraud at all the fraud police are just not worth listening to and those voices like the fraud police is our own brain based off of again like I said, it could be what other people said to us it could be social media quotes.

[1339:56] Speaker 0: It could be our own judgment

[1341:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we've had towards other people being a fraud police towards other people you know, that's why I started with that today. I don't know if you had heard me at the beginning of this right I literally was talking about that.

[1345:29] Speaker 0: And so man,

[1346:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you get to do whatever you choose to do regardless of if your house is perfectly in order. Right. And if you and if it's bothering you that much then I would take let me clear out a space where I know that I can go to and I know that's going to help me at least operate better at okay cool. So like for me I got my my office right here this is my desk with the cat sleeping right there on the desk. And the cords are kind of a mess on the floor because I don't really I don't really clean up cords that much. I got my video game system there. I don't know what this suitcase is right here I need to take care of and then over here I got my my game system my all that You know what I mean? Like it's not perfectly in order. Also, I grew up in a house, I'll tell you this, if the house wasn't perfectly in order us kids would get yelled at.

[1362:18] Speaker 0: And so hit like,

[1363:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's funny is my mom now

[1364:46] Speaker 0: isn't like that.

[1365:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? It's like she like, like, she raised us that way. And now she's saying the same thing I'm saying to you right now, like it does, like, it's okay. Like, it doesn't, it doesn't matter. And sometimes that's where like, where did that belief come from? That thing's got to be perfectly in order before I can get started and impact people.

[1370:20] Speaker 3: Right, right. And you know what, I appreciate you creating the space for us to be safe enough to be transparent. Totally. Yeah. You know, and that's been our relationship since we started coaching. And since I started coaching with you one on one, it's always been that transparency, you

[1375:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: go to church every time we coach to, which is funny. I know.

[1376:16] Speaker 3: Right? And I love it. And I just wanted to say like to answer your question. It's the the not enough police, the people who have constantly told you that you're not enough. And you, you know, and you still breaking through it. I feel like it's levels to it. Because I do have confidence, like you say, I exude confidence. But at the same time, there are times where I am faced with boldness and feelings of unworthiness, and not being not being enough that I have to press the room so that I can show up in a you know, in a brilliant way. Yeah. And so like, yeah, I appreciate the opportunity to share that. And you know, with the whole moving thing, the boxed up thing, and the housing chaos because of moving. I was just kind of like, okay, I can't, I can't create in this space. I can't, I can't like coach in this space. But then I cleaned it up, I straightened it up. So even though it's like all the boxes and everything every way like I cleaned the house. And so because I needed to do that, like I needed to clear the clutter. Yeah. Once I cleared the clutter, now I'm just kind of like, okay, if I could sit on the couch, and just just stream and just coach and just talk. I can do that. But I just I just need to know, like, is that a norm? Like, would that fly?

[1399:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now? Yeah, it'll fly a lot. You'll notice a lot of the podcasters these days do it from a couch too.

[1401:24] Speaker 0: It's like there's not a

[1402:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's not any sort of rules to it. Cool. There's not any sort of rules to the game as far as that goes. And I think that that's where a lot of people think like, there's certain like rules of how you're supposed to do it. Because we end up comparing ourselves what other people do. But here's the I watch a lot of the people I watch they sit and teach and coach from a couch or a really relaxed chair. Because that's where they actually their genius comes from.

[1409:30] Speaker 3: Yes, yes. Yes. So and you and you share some of the last things I sent you was you were sharing something that your heartfelt video to us the other day a you said something, something magical stuff that's up there in our cabinet. I left the cabinet. And I was saying I will follow your magical ads to the Red Sea. Okay. Say I am heads. I am Hanson I follow your lead and I just appreciate you and you pressing through and you continuing to show up because it gives us the courage and the boldness to continue to do the same. So thank you

[1419:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: this because I don't know any different I saw. I grew up with a mom that raised me as a single mom, we didn't know where our food was going to come from. And we grew up constantly afraid of the police taking me away from her. We grew up I grew up afraid because homeschooling wasn't legal in Michigan. So we had to like I grew up with this fear of being taken away. And then she got married and the guys she married was not healthy. And then just it was like a prison in our home. And yet I saw my mom fight through that come out the other side, build a multimillion dollar business. Go through her own healing impact millions of lives.

[1437:33] Speaker 0: But I also saw behind the scenes. Yeah, right.

[1438:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: She get done with a call and she'd be like man, I feel like a fraud

[1440:07] Speaker 0: Right. For years,

[1441:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I saw her do this. And I would encourage I said, Mom, you know, more than all these other people, like, I was encouraging her a lot of the ways that I'm coaching you guys. She was my first, she was one of my first coaching clients, she'll tell you that to her. And I, when we were working together, I would like I would coach her in the stuff and then she'd go do the stuff. And then we were doing the marketing together. That was that was how we work together. Business, right. And so but I want you to realize, like all these thoughts and feelings like they're normal, everybody deals with them. Okay, as the most successful people do it, because here's the thing, your success actually comes from not stuffing it and ignoring it. Fix the success comes from admitting, hey, I'm struggling in this area.

[1454:32] Speaker 0: And I can grow.

[1455:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I don't need it to define me and I don't need it to stop me. Thanks. Now, how do we make that practically, right? That's why we have this, like the different the six steps to work through and you have your niche, you make your offer, again, live, or pre recorded video sessions, have songs video sessions with you that are at least an hour or two hours long, or you have multiple sessions, multi day, video sessions are the most effective way to get more coaching clients. Okay.

[1465:01] Speaker 0: I'm gonna make you proud.

[1465:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So like, even if you make an ebook of some kind, you want that ebook to lead people to you could do it, it could be a domain name, like, raise live event.com. And on that event you do once a month you do you know, for two days or three days where you talk with people. And so this even for Deborah, you could make your ebook on a specific topic. But then you're inviting people from that ebook to join you in a live event that you're teaching. And then that's what you call people to your program that you charged 300 500 $1,000 for.

[1474:41] Speaker 0: Okay. All right. All right. Thank you. All right, Shonda Witt worse. Hi,

[1478:07] Speaker 4: Jeremiah. Thank you for everything. And wow, that was awesome conversation. How it Ray I'm still taking that one hit up. My question. Well, I had the masterclass last week. And after that, I had such great epiphany. I'm learning so much. I am going back to square one to redefining my niche. So my question is, as I'm redefining my niche, and I know, I'm going into a market that I've been resistant to go into, I have experience in it. But I've realized on this call today, the reason I've been resistance because I had my idea of what I wanted. And it's not turning out that white you shared about somebody who's been doing it for five years. I'm like, Yeah, I've been doing it at least that long, if not longer. And I've just been going from coach to coach to coach and still having the same problem. Well, now I have Jeremiah, and he's like calling things out. So I really thank you for that. But yeah, I just finding that right fit. I was wrestling with that, sitting in my prayer time, when I opened up Facebook, and I don't normally open up Facebook and my prayer time, and open up Facebook and I see your heartfelt message. And you said three words, my client, Rick, boom, that was all it took right there. Because I remember everything you talked about with Rick, and how he wanted to disciple, and that was making money. And how he switched to doing songwriting.

[1502:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: He's still discipling but the offer is different, the angle offers different so he's still doing the discipling so he's still doing the distance not leaving with the discipling as the hook.

[1505:10] Speaker 4: Alright, so that's how I want to ask you to help show me how I pivot because where I'm going to pivot as I have experienced upsell published a book I have a book published with an author with a publishing house also have worked in the publishing industry for eight years with two different publishing houses. I have worked in the industry. I know a lot of ins and outs of the industry. And I have resisted working in the writing world because there's so many out there already in like,

[1512:55] Speaker 0: what

[1513:24] Speaker 4: can I add to this kind of question I've

[1514:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: had Okay, so I'm gonna pause you there.

[1515:26] Speaker 0: That

[1516:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: question and I get where it comes from the what can I add to this?

[1519:04] Speaker 0: Who says you need to add anything Who says that

[1521:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you only need to put it out there because you're doing something different than what others are doing?

[1524:09] Speaker 4: See, that's what I'm looking for. How am I gonna do? What am I going to do different? How will I be done?

[1525:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what I'm, that's what I'm saying, though is who? From the beginning? What? Where did that belief come from that you have to be different to put something out there?

[1529:29] Speaker 4: I don't know, I have

[1530:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: with that like, because that's not the big one. Because really, you might do something.

[1531:42] Speaker 0: What I am teaching,

[1532:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's 1000 other people that sell what I'm teaching. From my offer, I'm no different than the 20 other people that teach you how to get coaching clients. What makes me unique is that people connect with me, because they like working with me. And they're connecting with my message, and the way that I teach it, and then the results that I get people, and that's different, right there because I'm unique. But I don't ever think how can I make this look different than all the other coaches out there? I look at what are people coming to me asking for help with, even if it's the same thing that 20 Other people are helping people with?

[1544:11] Speaker 4: Right, and people do ask me, oh, Shani, published what did you do? Shawn, you've written a book, what do you do it? And I do get that? Yeah. And I've just dismissed it. I've just given them a little tidbit here and there. I mean.

[1548:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what makes us think that like, we have to be this unique, different than everything else?

[1550:36] Speaker 0: Stand out, like,

[1551:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll become that standout expert,

[1552:18] Speaker 0: by serving people

[1553:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: with what their questions are, with what they're asking versus trying to say, what can I add that's different than everybody else is added. Because you might just add to it the exact same stuff that other people are teaching. But people will want to resonate with Shonda because of your personality. And because, and that's why I say, it starts with self esteem, it starts with self belief. It starts with believing in yourself that you already are worth people listening to this, you're already worth people, even if there's 20 other competitors out there, that you are the best chance that people have of succeeding in this

[1563:12] Speaker 0: area. Okay.

[1564:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I believe that I that I, I, you know, my belief and this has grown in the last year, it started by me saying it half believing it now I believe it that, that my program really is the best chance and opportunity that people have to see success as a coach and course creator, because of the because of what because of conversations like this. Because most because you can find the strategies for free anywhere online, but it's really diving into and sort of unlocking the code of the mentor, unlocking the code of you as a mentor and realizing you don't have to be standout and unique and different than everybody else to do that.

[1576:19] Speaker 0: I like that. Yeah, doesn't matter. So you get to you get to just show up boldly, Shonda, how you are. And then and then

[1581:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: take it or leave it whether people like you or not. And then we don't worry about okay, am I different from everybody else? But But rather, my only concern is not am I different from everybody else? That's, am I providing the right information in the right order to serve the people that God's putting in front of me to help them

[1586:32] Speaker 0: get results? That's my only concern. And I spend time in prayer. And I get frustrated. I got frustrated two days ago. Because I had y'all don't know.

[1591:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, maybe you do if you saw, so I was late on delivering the videos and then I recorded them and the screen recording didn't work. So I had to rerecord the trainings like three times. Then I recorded my podcast last night. And then the the podcast recording didn't record the podcast recording. So I had to teach the same stuff twice and 24 hours, almost like eight hours of teaching. While my wife is like, almost ready to go into labor on the couch, struggling so what I'll do is okay, she's sleeping for an hour. I'm gonna go record this content. Literally, that's how I plan on doing it when we had the baby, okay, baby mama sleeping, I'm gonna go record 30 minutes. I'm gonna go teach for 30 minutes, right? And we'll still have the scheduled calls like this because we'll know, okay, we got to make sure this is open. Stuff like that. But that's why, like, we all go through stuff. Now we don't have the baby yet. No baby's not here.

[1606:28] Speaker 0: She's still pregnant should start ready to give birth real

[1608:34] Speaker 4: soon and things are going to change a lot. No for mom of two anyway.

[1610:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, so but here's the thing, Shawn, I'm not shutting my business down.

[1611:56] Speaker 4: And I thank God for that. Because I know I I didn't need them after having a baby either. So. So I know it's possible. Yeah, you just gotta be a little more strategic. But But y'all y'all y'all figure it out? Totally. Yeah, I'm

[1615:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: ready for it.

[1616:12] Speaker 4: Y'all figured out? So how? I guess my question is, as I'm pivoting, and I'm shifting, like, everybody, like, I feel like I'm changing identities and like, on my social media, like everybody knows me on my social media, with all my inspiration content, the Bible teaching content, that kind of stuff. They know, I'm an author, and most of my friends, I was doing an inventory. Like, most of the people that I'm friends with on Facebook and Instagram are already authors, agents, editors, I already have a lot of that in that market anyway. of connection. So how do I shift my content? Because you know, like you said, your content needs to line up with what you do, like they visit your page, that kind of stuff. How how do I transition this? Yeah, I don't phase into this.

[1630:07] Speaker 0: You just do it. You just shift it. And you don't worry about the aftermath. You don't worry about transitioning people into that.

[1634:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Debra asked a very similar question. Yeah, you don't worry about she asked this about three months ago. You don't worry about losing the followers. You don't worry about people being disappointed in you that you're changing, or

[1637:28] Speaker 4: well, they're not my clients. I found that out this last week. Yeah. They're not they're not bought, they're not even buying. Yeah, $7.

[1639:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, it's not a lapse in integrity for you to pivot into one into a different direction my mom pivoted from teaching what I'm teaching now. Like my mom was teaching this for a while, and she's pivoted towards the stock market. And she still teaches and mentors and I listened to her coaching calls. If I'm stuck, I call my mom because she gives me a 15 minute, like, of coaching that's worth 10 grand, it's amazing, literally, like, I'm like, Mom, I'm stuck with this, which I do in 15 minutes, it's an unlock for me. So I appreciate that. She's what I would consider my coach in this business because she, she's been through the fire. She has been through all this. She has been through dealing with this. She's the one that encouraged me, like, focus on the clients that are getting results. Stop spending so much your energy on the people that are that are not doing the work and serve the people and serve everybody in the middle with your with your content, because I was focused on okay, how can I you know, we got we got at the peak of this today. 27 people on this live call. We have 165 people in the program. I was focusing all my energy on how do I get those other 140 people to show up.

[1660:45] Speaker 0: And that wasn't actually serving this group very well. And so

[1662:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: my mom was able to coach me in that and realize that and what I learned too, is yeah, if you pivot, it's not a lapse in integrity to do that. You're because you're the one that gets to decide the life that you present and show to people. You're the one that gets to design, decide what offers you create what your brand is what you're actually doing. When you pivot in that different direction. It's, it's not

[1669:52] Speaker 0: going to hurt

[1670:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: anybody now there's okay. So there's an example of this. Let's say that you're a mentor, and you're helping people and you're helping somebody who is addicted to crack cocaine, and you finally got them off of it. And then you feel like God is calling you to pivot towards a different job in a different market. And so because you pivoted away from that direction, and one of your students then became a crack addict again, some of you would feel responsible for that that's called codependency. That's called codependency to where you make yourself responsible for what other people do and their choices. At the end of the day, we have to rise above that and say, I expect other people to show up as adults to do what they know to do. I'll show up, meet them halfway there. But I'm not going to care more about your success than you do. You know, and I've talked to a lot of people in ministry, they're like, we're going to leave all these people in ministry behind if we pivot in this direction, but our ministry is going to shut down if we don't pivot, right. So which would be the better choice, shut down the ministry, or pivot away and keep it open, but maybe some of the people are going to fall by the wayside, the better choice is to is to pivot over and that way. And so that's why again, studying about codependency was really helpful for me to choose to not be codependent with my clients, where their success is actually not my responsibility. That's good. And it was hard for me to say that for a while, I'm gonna say this, everybody out here listening, your success is not my responsibility, my responsibility is to show up, and to give it my best as a coach as a mentor. And as a trainer, that's my choice.

[1699:35] Speaker 0: That's what I choose to do every single day. But your success

[1701:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: is not my responsibility. It's your responsibility. Okay. And, and what it is, it's allows people to step up to the point that they take ownership over what's theirs, I take ownership of what's mine. So I take ownership over being the best coach, I can be answering the questions as best as I can, guiding, leading the conversation, bringing the best

[1709:24] Speaker 0: training. But at the end of the day,

[1710:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's just not even possible for me to show up in all of your businesses and help you do the work. Just like that's not possible. It was possible. And that was what was stopping me because I only had when I only had five clients. I made myself codependent to their success. And I couldn't get any more clients because I was spending 80 hours a week making sure these five people were successful. I refuse to do that. I can't do that with kids. I can't spend 80 hours a week making sure my clients are successful, and raise a family. That's not practical. So how do we get to the point where we're able to work five to 10 hours a week, it starts from letting go of the outcome that we want something to be managing our expectations and managing so that we don't get disappointed in that process. That's a big part of it. So

[1724:29] Speaker 4: that's good. Well, I've got my I got my plan now just shift just do it. And then get together people on Zoom and ask questions and run it through Jasper and

[1727:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: do it and then look at where do you get scared while you're doing that? And each each layer you'll be able to unpack and on wire your triggers that way?

[1729:51] Speaker 4: Yeah. And there are a lot of triggers from the industry. Because they're there's things that yeah, I won't even go there. But yeah. But anyway, yeah, I'll just work through those. But thank you for I love how you bring in the mindset coaching and along with the business coaching, and I appreciate that. So all right, thank you. I got my plan. I appreciate it.

[1735:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Awesome. So I have a one on one call, I get a hop to one. So I want to take these last two questions here. And then I'm gonna hop over to that. So

[1739:44] Speaker 0: Vanessa,

[1740:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Will, let's try to keep it brief. And then we'll go from there.

[1741:21] Speaker 5: Yes, sir. I, I just wanted to ask about because I'm kind of in the same place in a different way, as Vonda, so like, I just wanted to say, to the, to the imposter syndrome. I was going through that when I very first started. And the thing that came to me was that you cannot fail at being yourself.

[1747:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: The that's great. I love that. So as long

[1749:02] Speaker 5: as you are being yourself, there is no such thing as failure failure.

[1750:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can only fail at not being yourself.

[1751:21] Speaker 5: Exactly. And the other thing is Shonda, I had to make the shift also from ministry to business, right? And so in a way, I'm kind of in another layer of that. Because when I started out, I was kind of doing it from a ministry mindset, if you will. And I'm at another layer of that now realizing that it's kind of like what Shonda was saying, so I get what you're saying that discipling doesn't sell. Right? Because anybody can go and be discipled for free. So why would they buy discipleship from you? So I have struggled to win.

[1761:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's attractive to people like Come learn how to be a better person like No, right? Everybody's tries to sell that you got to get specific as to what their desires are in your book.

[1764:18] Speaker 5: Exactly. And so I'm kind of there because I've gone around this wheel or this cycle of like, oh, I need a tangible product, I need an actual product, because I'm seeing that that is what people are going for. And I think Shawn does probably waking up and having that realization as well. And so I just wanted to speak to that and say that, yes, absolutely. Your everything is teachable. So if you know how to, you know, write and do all of that stuff, then teach that and teaching is sellable. Right? But my problem is, is that I think that I'm moving towards, like I'm having, I guess, the hesitation or the reservation, because I think I'm starting to see that I can coach others on launching at least starting a business as a spiritual, you know, consultant, if you will. And I just, I haven't dialed in exactly what my I guess my specialty is in that. And so that's where I feel like I keep getting stuck myself. Yeah, I think that I want to teach and mentor other spiritual advisors, I guess, I don't know how else to do it, or readers or whatever, I that's where I'm getting stuck. And I feel like I want to help them create and launch their own business. Like I want to empower women. That's great. Yeah. And entrepreneur.

[1786:04] Speaker 1: Yeah. Great. So I would start with that. And then you, you, you take note of what are the questions people are asking. Right. And you survey them, like when they join the free event, I asked like, what's your biggest struggle with XYZ?

[1790:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what would you like to learn? And then I listened to the question people ask, and that creates the offer. So the offer comes from the feedback from actual people.

[1793:23] Speaker 5: Right. realizing is that I've got a lot of, yeah, because I've got a lot of people that are they I'm realizing now that I have a lot of people that silently follow me just to collect information, because I put so much content out. Yeah, um, but I need to reel that in and not a monetize it. Like, I'm realizing that I'm always putting out really valuable content, but I have not monetizing it.

[1801:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you reached out to the ones who comment back to you and ask them, Hey, what's your biggest? I'm doing a survey of some people that follow me and just trying to figure out, you know, what's the biggest thing is always

[1805:10] Speaker 5: the question. It's always the question of like, how did you become so confident and trusting your own intuition and your connection to spirit?

[1807:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: The I'm telling you that right, there is enough of a niche for you to run a whole two hour talk on?

[1808:52] Speaker 5: Confidence?

[1809:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Confidence, how to how to confidently build a business as a spiritual

[1810:54] Speaker 0: woman. Okay,

[1811:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: as you could sell that as a course for 300 bucks or 500 bucks or 1000 bucks. Okay. See, what I'm saying is, a lot of this stuff is actually a lot simpler. I think that we make it.

[1815:01] Speaker 5: Yeah, I think for me, it's the it's the language that others understand. I guess that is what I'm realizing that AI is helping me with.

[1817:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's usually what they say themselves. That's usually what they say themselves.

[1819:20] Speaker 5: Can you elaborate on that a little bit? I know you have a call. But

[1820:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. You said it's people who are looking for confidence and their spiritual women that want to build a business. So what you just said, because they've been saying that to you, that tells you what the thing is that you want to?

[1823:54] Speaker 5: Well, the thing is, is they don't use the word confidence. This is what they say. I would like to know how to trust my intuition, and feel confident in my connection to not even they don't even say feel confident. They just said, How do I know that I'm connecting to spirit? And how can I trust my intuition? Yep. How to? How to Know If Yep. So and I read that as they want confidence, they need confidence in themselves. Yes.

[1830:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take those words, and that becomes your offer.

[1831:38] Speaker 5: Okay, yeah. But But I feel like the imposter syndrome because I feel like I'm here working through learning how to create a business online. So that's where today I was like,

[1834:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll tell you this, Vanessa, you just me talking with you. You embody that confidence. So and Monica is nodding and people who've seen you on these calls, like, like you own that so there's nothing for you to feel an impostor in doing that and then you just tell people hey, listen, I'm still working on building my business and my brand. I So learn, right, right, that part is aside, but what I can help you do is learn how to listen to your intuition. Connect with spirit. And and follow your confidence to go. Yeah, exactly. Right. Yeah. So you, you got it.

[1843:45] Speaker 5: It's like I do that. But then I'm like, Well, if I can't give them the practical steps, which I know is what they're coming to me, or they think they're coming to me for. Right, but it's really it's like you said the underneath of it is the discipling. Really? Because like, you're discipling us, if you think about it. It's not separate, right? Like you're discipling right now and every one of these coaching calls. But it's like, what is the package that we put that in is what gets them in the door? But the real transformation is the personal change? I mean, period. It's not really about our information.

[1853:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love it. Ah, let me Oh, really?

[1854:55] Speaker 5: Thank you. Real quick. Yeah, no,

[1856:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm glad you feel relief, and I'm not trying to shut you up. I just want to give Carmen some time to know

[1857:37] Speaker 0: it's fine. Yes. That's awesome. Thank you for that. Yeah. Your words.

[1859:45] Speaker 6: Both Jeremiah and the rest of the animal have been really great today. Thank you. I wanted to ask about Jasper AI. For one, one thing. How do you ask Jasper AI? About an offer copy statement or a nice statement? Whether it's right and whether I can expand on it or not? Or what?

[1867:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, whether it's right, it's not going to tell you if it's right. Okay. It's not. Yeah, true. Principle. You're gonna know if it's right, if people are signing up for it and registering and then what are they saying in their feedback? Okay, so the way that you test if it's right is by putting it out there. Um, but the, so you've used the recipe and Jasper, right? Yeah. Yeah. So the recipe helps you come up with a lot of that language for your for your actual offer.

[1875:41] Speaker 0: So what are you what do you what's the part?

[1876:20] Speaker 6: No, that's fine. Yeah, I can. I was just, I don't know, doubting myself a little bit, I guess.

[1878:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I, I think that self doubt is a big thing that a lot of people deal with.

[1879:36] Speaker 0: And, and so that's where it's like, we have to

[1881:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: ask ourselves, okay, where's the self doubt coming from? You know, you're really not going to feel certainty about the copy. Ever. I don't ever feel certainty about any offer I put out there still. So, that's part of it is realize that it's, it's taking the risk and putting it out there and developing it. That's going to be your first step, launch it and then see what type of feedback you get from people.

[1890:00] Speaker 6: Okay. Now, I have another question. You had also talked about a site that you used from the Philippines about a VA?

[1893:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Online jobs.ph. Okay. Yep. Yeah, I hired three people off of there.

[1896:24] Speaker 6: And okay, so, I, I mapped out, like my courses and prices and, and things I want to offer in my, and then to build everything in Thinkific. I haven't mapped out I haven't done it yet, because I need to do my offer. And to my webinar first.

[1902:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I already know what you're gonna teach them recorded. That's fine, too.

[1903:12] Speaker 6: Yeah. I want to know about, like, a specific 90 Day mentorship. Like I don't know. I don't know, like something extra to teach on. And how in depth it has to be. You're already at 12 o'clock. We can do this next week. That's okay. Because

[1910:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think um,

[1911:12] Speaker 0: what do you mean by that as far as well, I'll,

[1912:31] Speaker 6: I'll expand more on it. And then we can talk next week about it.

[1913:28] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah.

[1914:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. Yeah, let's, let's let's think about that and answer like what what are we thinking about? What are we looking at? What do you mean by a 90 day because essentially, you could take any topic and extend it out by 90 days.

[1918:07] Speaker 0: Yeah, because most people

[1918:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: do not take action on things very quickly. That's you're going to find that you're going to coach most people are going to drag it out because of their own behavior.

[1922:12] Speaker 0: And so

[1922:57] Speaker 1: we we wish that people would move quicker, but they just don't. And so for instance, like I can see in this group, I'm like everybody could get their offer done in seven days. Well, the reality is, I don't want anyone to feel a guilty inadequate or like they're failing if they're not getting their offers done in seven days. And that's kind of unreasonable and unrealistic for people that had never done it before. I've been doing it for 19 years. Of course, I can get it done in seven days. And I look back to the first time I lost an offer, though, it took me about 60 to 90 days. So you know, I think 60 to 90 days is a good timeline for most people to get their offer launched and, and out there.

[1932:36] Speaker 0: Okay. All right.

[1932:57] Speaker 6: Thank you.

[1933:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Thanks, everybody. I gotta run. I will see you all next week for our q&a. We also got the Jumpstart call. On Wednesday. Everybody is invited to that. I'll probably take questions from our new members first before everything, but come on, and we'll probably do some q&a on that as well. So have a good one. We'll talk soon.

