Write emails for my mom
Date: 2022-05-27T13:38:03.000Z
Duration: 63 min
Otter ID: hay0wzzUSPnDW2PXffZKoLTW2Gg
---

[0:00] Sandi: Every day and you're gonna die and okay my portfolio used to say 2000 And now it says 20 cents. You just got a breath of fresh air because whatever's in your portfolio that you were long holding should have gone green. If it didn't, you may want to just get rid of it.

[5:32] John: A firm is strong. I tried to enter this yesterday but it just kept going higher. I don't like chasing

[9:00] Sandi: I don't mind chasing that. I know it's gonna go up I just get in. Do you run a risk in order to run a risk chasing is not a good idea, but this is a solid stop. If you I definitely won't chase with day trading

[14:02] John: Yeah. I seem to have the easiest place recently are have been Target and Walmart. That I don't know if any of you have caught this I caught the Walmart but I miss this one.

[19:32] Sandi: Now where's Walmart, Walmart and just for helping everybody I think it would be a good idea if we don't bring up penny stocks that are climbing during pre market unless we're using them for an example. Because some of our beginners what happens are people who are watching the recording, they're thinking we're mentioning the penny stock is something to watch. And we always have to remember, a penny stock can disappear in 25 minutes, it can spare in five minutes. It can show up every single day three times a day. But you've got to be really careful putting your money in something that was climbing in premarket as soon as the bell rings when it comes to a tree. The other thing is be careful with trading view the technicals and animals reading the tape buy and sell is the activity it's not a recommendation of what you should do. That made me so mad when I first looked at it. I was like who programmed this

[37:00] Sandi: because I looked at it and I was like oh gosh, okay, I'm gonna buy and I would go in and buy and lose an enormous amount of money.

[38:56] John: Yeah. I saw a video was moving. This morning. It had bad news. I guess FDA is asking for more information from them. And that I think people out and they started selling and now it's bounced.

[45:22] Sandi: Check AMD V d l, a. m

[48:56] Speaker 1: there I'm drew this port number here.

[51:14] Sandi: And how about if we pull up and video right underneath it?

[54:34] Sandi: I'm gonna show you guys to rain here. I am looking for stocks. Something that's really important. You might want to study convergent thinking. Okay. Convergent thinking is something that a lot of entrepreneurs are very strong in. And that is when they are looking at a problem. They will zero in on a solution and go at it as opposed to looking at 17 different solutions and trying to get all together. Convergent thinking will help you enormously when the stock market being able to look at a stock, pick up what you're going to do go as opposed to definitely do look at volume and you know, price and float on what your objective is. But we'd like five stocks in front of ourselves and try to figure out which one on one you'd be better off to hone in on one and figuring out if you're going to execute it and make your decision within a couple minutes. Sometimes what you can do to train this kind of thinking is get a timer from like Amazon or whatever. That only does a minute and put the timer next to your computer or whenever you're trading. Look at this Kony and set the timer you got to make your decision what you're gonna do in a minute. that'll prevent you from you know, don't set the one minute until you realize that the volume and the price action is what you need to be and then make your decision because I would be willing to bet that people make wrong decisions by not looking at some of the criteria that I just said and people make wrong decisions by looking at too many stocks at one time and people make wrong decisions. By

[85:12] Sandi: you know? Yeah, that's it.

[87:49] Sandi: And that's where your physiology will tell you what's going on with your greed in your fear in your brain that we have been all dissociated. It was very, very stalking the physiological response I had when I first started Whoa, what in the world is crazy and you can be like, I'm having a great day. For the last hour, I think I just opened my phone and see if there's a day trader and like all of a sudden your whole body goes

[97:00] John: even if you don't work out, like you know, Sandy and I worked out lies important part of our lifestyle but even if you don't have that type of lifestyle, you have to move. You have to get out of walk day trading because it can affect you physically,

[101:32] Sandi: very much. And you want to know, you know, one of the reasons I found out yesterday was talking to my son who has, you know, the Oculus glasses, Jeremiah, and he does boxing for workouts and stuff like that, but you know, you know what's crazy? Listen to what I'm about to say. All you have to do is put something on your head and start interacting with that program and your body doesn't know the difference of being in a rain or the fact that you're interacting with a program. That's it. Your heart rate will go up. It'll affect your muscles, it'll affect your neural pathways that affect your whole physiology. Now what's wild is if you sit there all day trading and you're not getting up and moving, your body will interpret that as a threat. That adrenaline all the time. It'll interpret it in a negative way. And you know, it starts to feel good. Getting rest changes your heart rate oxygenate you, your heart rate variability starts changing and you will look at it more, more objectively.

[119:08] John: Have you ever heard of that? Virtual Reality video game? The void I think that's what it's called.

[121:29] Sandi: I don't play video games my PTSD. I get real. No, I literally get really sick from fast moving computers. You get

[123:38] John: sick it was because I did. It was it was a Disney and so you have to put on a suit you have to put on the glasses you have to You're actually I think carrying the gun and you enter into this maze and I was getting shot at in your think your vest like moves when you get shot. So it's not like a big pain but because I saw it coming at me and I saw the bullets you know and everything. Yeah, you know it was it felt it felt like it hurt. Yeah.

[131:54] Sandi: Now what's funny is I found out I used to think it was migraines and barometric pressure sensitivity. Some of that might be true, but I found out that the reason why during a lot of movies in the movies, movie screener, my kids have been playing video games I'd have to look away at the flickering lights and all that is because of chronic PTSD, my brain registers that is danger and I just I get I get literally ill Now ironically at the shooting range, like shooting my gun shooting an assault weapons, shooting whatever at a target. I'm completely very good and I'm very calm. Isn't that interesting? I did not say I would be very calm and endanger at the shooting range in a controlled environment. It's enough to make me feel like I could take on the world you know that's not real.

[147:17] Speaker 1: lien is sitting after Canberra while she's trading on the road and listening to us. Hey,

[149:14] Sandi: Marley, that is life is great. I love it. So Gigi PR GDP i n f u v where the tickers I gave this morning well, Facebook's deleting my links not on purpose. Just the algorithm like the software does stuff a lot of times people think there's a human behind it is just the software Savard Oh Jeremiah is on here observing are helping us right the sales page. Good to have you here. Yes.

[160:53] John: Sword for a swing are along well. Ford is a jet stable company. And you know they were moving when when the easy sector is moving so they're kind of tied there although I heard that they may branch off their Evie. There was a rumor that they may branch their EVs section into itself but for long, I mean this is a great company. And it's about

[167:59] Sandi: that because the Evie will be a technological aspect of Ford. Do you know what I mean? Like I literally grew up where I could drive 10 minutes and be at right in the hub of GMs headquarters Chrysler's had world headquarters. And Ford and what's wild is like they were would models and everything went to CAD and when these are now nothing but computers with wheels. That's a different so different vision for It's so wild to me.

[176:55] John: They're changing with the times. I don't see any reason to swing this right now. You don't enter a swing unless there's a reason. This is on a heavy downtrend. Unless there's some news that's going to pop it up. I don't see anything to

[181:58] Sandi: interfere. I was thinking of getting on the phone today with Elon, you know, and I was gonna ask him if he could put the Roadsters motor in an SUV so that we could compete with Lambo and all that but the secretary told me he was busy so

[186:13] Speaker 1: he's busy tweeting

[186:49] Sandi: this next week. Good job. Tina says yesterday was a breath of fresh air my portfolio went up $3,000 I'm telling you. You guys are seriously watching the market that creates wealth. And the number one thing you are doing is learning to master your emotions. It's exciting.

[194:00] John: I work for a gun manufacturer and was wondering if those types of stocks are available. SCC why?

[196:10] Sandi: Well, there's Smith and Wesson small, Wesson to trade in our company to that we looked at how Yes, wait, you're going too fast. I know I talk fast but my brain doesn't work as fast as my mouth. My brain doesn't work this doesn't my mouth. What was Smith and Wesson again. Smith and Wesson W and P O W W

[207:14] John: Apple for Apple is always a patriot candidate

[209:40] Sandi: Why don't you pull up the one year chart so they can see what we mean especially if they're new. Holy cow. There's 106 million. Well, that's the average volume. Sorry. Yeah. Any more coffee. 13 million versus 106. Nine. So look at the different day trade patterns on there. Yeah. Do I think there's going to be a sell off before close due to the long weekend day trades? Yes. Always. Some of these solid stocks that people bought on a deep, deep, deep, deep dip? I don't think so. In my personal opinion, I could be wrong. Because there's still a whole lot of room for them to go back to where they were

[221:28] Sandi: like, for example, we're looking at Apple and we're super excited that it went from like 130 up to 146 like it has room to go up to 180.

[225:34] John: Nicole wants to know what we think about thing for swing because I'm not sure now is the time to get in as it's currently above its all time high and have been watching a few days it just keeps going up. So this has actually been a pattern of work for me. It's not working and so I haven't been playing it. But in the energy sector. I think it will work. That's just my opinion. But like it's the sector is moving. This is going higher than it's at all time highs. So that means there is not going to be a lot of resistance above. And so yeah, we'll get that.

[236:58] Sandi: Yeah, and what 227,000 Yeah, but this is

[238:16] John: kind of like a long you can hold this and swing it but the reason why I say there's no resistance above is because there's no one waiting up here to get out. When when you beat your all time high. That means there's no one trying to get their money back. And so it's a lot there's less resistance for it to keep going. But this solid in a solid sector. So the next feature

[246:53] Sandi: what the sexy chart yeah it's six zones on the six Yeah, they're gonna did they make the decision to split? I haven't. Let me look it up because they were happy. They were asking shareholders what day it was the sixth. Mark your calendars there sweating on June 3 or something somebody just said. Oh, I don't know if that's true though. Because everywhere else says June sixth and somebody's about to fire their blogger I would fire of it still. Oh my word. I would feel so bad if I put

[262:44] Speaker 2: something that I had seen about Amazon was that it's exploding at the end of day on the third. And so it's going to be live on Monday the sixth.

[265:27] Sandi: Right. We know that. But what I'm curious about was can you buy at the split price after hours? You know what I mean? Like I'm like, right? What's the end of days, end of day? Day or at the end of the day? At 8pm? Okay, that's what we put down before you're right. That was my understanding. Yeah. Thank you for that clarification. Yeah, I will probably have to set an alarm. I won't do that honestly. Because think about it, even if it goes down to 100 before and by the ballots that I mean, well, that would be significant. Well, I'll come in with their IVs of coffee that morning. How's that?

[277:22] John: Yes. Tracy asked, What's the difference between a pennant and a flag? Tracy? Good question. So, a pennant is signifies a pressure building. It's has that triangular where the range gets smaller and smaller and tighter and tighter. And what that shows is like there is going to be a more explosive move. And that's why it's great for short term trade trades because it's forcing it's almost like the it's forcing the traders to make a decision. Are you going to go up or you're going to go down? And so that's a difference. A flag just as equal? A pennant just gets tighter and tighter and tighter.

[291:05] Sandi: And Marissa I apologize we didn't answer your question, my personal opinion and whether Amazon stock is going to be a risk of long term bad performance based on three open class action lawsuits. They have against them from customers 2500 Other branded delivery providers. You are dealing with a multi billion dollar corporation it and one thing that business owners new business owners, small business owners need to understand that three class action lawsuits to a multibillion dollar corporation is more normal than you think. Okay, I'm not saying it's not an important thing. The delivery service, you know, things stopping whatever is because and how do I draw this here? Give me a give me. Can you stop sharing your screen real quick? So it's kind of like when I used to teach people, they were looking at their insights and engagement. And they would have a certain amount of engagement regularly and they would get super excited like a drug addict. When they had a viral post and it went up and they would want to make that viral post statistic, their new normal, but that's irrational. So in my opinion, again, this is just my opinion. You have a strong company in 2019. It goes like this up to 2020 because of the pandemic, and it's starting to come back down. Okay. This is not it's new normal. Like Tesla sales weren't affected by the pandemic. Do you get what I'm saying? Like people weren't trapped in their home and all of a sudden decided to start buying Tesla. But people were trapped in their home and we're buying an inordinate amount of items on Amazon because we relax our homes. Now you have more jobs, more drivers, more manufacturing, more trucks, all this kind of stuff. If this even gets eliminated, we have to look at Amazon like this, as if the pandemic never happened. You can't expect this inordinate event to become it's new normal. With that in mind. I don't have a problem with investing. So I hope that helped. Sometimes we get super excited and have big growth and you know, it's kind of like a couple who they have six months of overtime. This happens a lot of newlyweds and they're super excited and they start acting as if that is their new budget. No, actually your overtimes, your cream. It's not your new budget. So I hope that helped. Go ahead and show the screen

[337:26] John: Mindy asked is AMD and Nvidia pennant flag. I love that. You even are looking at that. It just shows me you guys are learning I love it. So I think it was trying to but it broke out before. And so this is actually a good example to show you that. Patterns are only good if it helps you predict and make trading plans that sort of you could take advantage of it. So although this doesn't didn't form an actual pennant. It did basically what a pennant was mature we need to do and so don't get so tied into pattern saying you must, you must like be like this or else you are not the pattern. They're just the ways another tool for you to predict and make trading plans and kind of did what and one of them to do it got stopped here. So notice there was resistance at the 100 so maybe if this resistance was appeared maybe this would have shot up higher, but this resistance definitely get affected. So now it still may go up. It's just breathing again.

[360:48] Speaker 3: I have a question regarding the splits. Yeah, um, do you have any little Johnny Is it right that you're the one that's been through split Sandy Have you been through split yet? I've been you did. Can you speak into that a little bit to any advice or?

[366:16] Speaker 1: Yeah, just so sad. And I was like

[366:40] Speaker 3: when that happens. Oh, sorry, John.

[367:25] John: That's okay. It was Sandy and I were talking about this. If you asked me before, what has recently happened, I would have said it doesn't matter whether you buy it before or after. Uh, now. I say wait, just because look what happened to Amazon. I mean, you know, that huge drop. You know?

[374:07] Sandi: I personally am not gonna buy until the sixth.

[374:49] John: Yeah, wait till after because you another thing

[375:46] Sandi: is is expect there to be an enormous amount of volume for day trading. Because you just took a $2,200 stock and threw it into the hundreds. Your day traders are going to have a field day in my opinion. I was curious, John does a business split does a stock split. And again, these are very different things. Amazon and Google. I was wondering if the volume is going to hyper accelerate, kind of like on an IPO day and then find a new normal? Right where is it? Going to go way up and stay there? Nobody knows. But nobody knows.

[385:01] John: It's only different market now. But that's the that's the that's what they're trying to do. They're trying to get the volume to just increase.

[387:34] Sandi: Yeah. Yeah, and you don't split your stock unless you're very profitable. You're not doing it as a last ditch effort to help your company.

[389:38] Speaker 3: Right. And it encourages new movement, right absolutely

[390:41] Sandi: encourages a ton of new shareholders.

[391:33] John: That's why they're doing it. They're trying to increase liquidity. They're trying to make it more affordable

[393:07] Sandi: for well, people are saying that they're reading that Amazon's last day to buy is today. That's the last day to buy at the price they're at today. If that makes sense. You can buy on January 6 And June 6 at the new price. So I mean if it's $2,000 or $2,400 is gonna split.

[399:44] John: Cool. Thank you. Angela made 250 on Tesla yesterday.

[402:09] Speaker 3: Yes. Oh, I forgot to tell you my account is $100 in profit now.

[405:35] Speaker 1: Wondering if you were smart enough to do this.

[406:43] Speaker 3: I've learned so much I'm still I'm still gonna continue to learn and grow.

[408:01] Sandi: We are so thankful for all of you.

[409:40] Speaker 1: We are I mean, Sandy and I talk about this all the time we are just honored. That's why we did that since because we want to help

[412:59] John: want to help you guys have a legacy in the future.

[414:14] Speaker 3: Also I I deposited so I deposited $50 cash and then we will give me some free stocks that I like, use the knowledge I'm here to sell and then reinvest. I'm in so phi and DraftKings. Good job

[418:29] Sandi: and here's the vision I want to cast for all of you what if you like we really all you know we take some of the profits we make this year if you have children I'm seriously thinking and Jeremiah's on now so he's gonna find out I'm seriously thinking of buying my children's stocks for Christmas. I mean, how fun would that be? Amazing. Like I support

[425:26] Speaker 3: your Amazon.

[425:48] Speaker 4: There's no Sandy I you came into my mind like back around December. When? I don't know I worked with you in the past with the copywriting in my business, then yeah. That in which I had my biggest IRA account like 401k they were dissolving so I got a notification to that I had to move my my 401k and I've always been my boss. He was my console he did Mike accounts for me. He was just a genius and he passed. That's part of how the firm was dissolving, but and then I was like, I have no idea what to do with this stuff. Like the funds that they were in and then Sandy. See what she's up to and you're doing is go what do you do with my money? Empowering so great, and I'm so grateful to

[442:10] Sandi: you and John, thank you M for me, you know any of you are transferring money from you know, 401k or whatever. My best recommendation for you is to take a very small percentage and develop your skill. You know, the sky's not gonna fall and your life isn't gonna burn away. If there's an enormous amount of money sitting there and you're not doing anything with it, because you're developing your skill during I mean, get your money protect it. And at the least put it into some kind of index while you're learning if that makes sense. And you know, there's there's the spy people always recommend, like you said yesterday to dollar cost average spy. But if you're really afraid there's nothing wrong with just taking 10% of it and developing your skill back and dividing it like you said I think a healthy portfolio of diversification is not only multiple sectors that are strong and that you are knowledgeable in and that you're wanting to study but also a division of day trading swing trading long holds in cash, because that always puts you in the driver's seat of

[459:40] John: power. Yes. The power to not depend on you know if you're if you have a job, building a skill that is not making your job you know, and then eventually if this is something you want to do full time, you know having Cecil over your future, it's it really is so empowering.

[466:27] Sandi: And by the way to buy stocks for your children or your grandchildren wherever because I've been thinking of starting a fund for Luca. If I were to start a fund for Luca, it would be a custodial fund. If you're buying stock for a child who's over 18 You basically buy the stock, find out their brokerage, they have to open up a brokerage and you transfer it. You use your money, buy the stock and transfer them you can find that out in Google. I've literally thought about buying my children's Christmas gifts in this market. And I was like I think I'm gonna take a lot of that money and triple it and then buy them so um, you know, you go back and forth.

[475:33] Speaker 3: Yeah, it's almost like Black Friday with the splits. Oh, I mean we're really kids.

[478:18] Sandi: Yeah, I mean, like I don't feel panic. or fear of loss of Amazon's at 2200 or 3000 and splits because it was much higher before. And so, you know, just make a decision and run with it.

[483:40] Speaker 3: No, shell. Sorry. I had a question but I love what I was gonna say Don't you feel as far as like Amazon goes and stuff. Do you feel like it would take a lot more to bring down a giant like Amazon or Google or you know, like someone people get freaked out over? Seemingly kind of like little news. The company itself is so massive. What's reason that

[489:28] Sandi: Amazon and Google draft and if you want to pull up both of them, John to look at the charts is because of this market. And Amazon was significantly affected in their pricing. Obviously, by the pandemic, Google, not so much. But they're behemoths. On the stock market. And so can use go? Yes. Can you go to like the six month look at how similar

[499:05] Speaker 1: that is why we look at sacrifice. follow one another.

[501:05] Sandi: Like even getting in halfway. If it's split, you're still better off than where it was six months ago. It's kinda like wow, this is fantastic. It dropped and now they're gonna split.

[504:31] Speaker 3: Like they're flying in the air like

[505:06] Sandi: Tesla hasn't. There's a lot of people saying what about Tesla? I truly believe Tesla is gonna about 2500 No doubt. And I had some people say like, is that before or after the split? I'm like, Yeah, hold up buttercup because they haven't said they're going to split. They said there's going to be a shareholder meeting in August to decide if they're going to split. So

[510:38] John: Michelle was asking about BKs y for a day trade. Nice catch Michelle. I did not catch this one. This one had news and this is not fluff news. This is what you're looking for. Where they win billions and work from the US government. I mean, that is not fluff. That is what you want. And look at the moves that it did. This is a junk penny stock. And I say junk penny stock. The this chart is not good at all. But that was good enough news to get this to move. So is this a day trade? Michelle? Absolutely. This is a big trade.

[521:39] Sandi: Sorry, Johanna says her 16 year old took $1,000 to her savings and put it into Tesla a month ago. And a custodial account now for her birthday. She's asking Can I please have more money to invest? Oh man, creating monsters I love it. No, actually, these aren't monsters. When I say monster I mean I know. I'm playing with you. I know.

[528:28] Speaker 1: We need more good monsters in this world?

[528:56] Sandi: Well, we need more mature young people who are being groomed for maturity. Yes. And I feel like I just want to say this publicly. If you don't get the maturity to vote, you should not have the maturity to drive you should not have the maturity to own a gun. Like hello. So and then conversely, if you're old enough to go fight in World War Three, then I we ought to be able to expect you to grow up in your day to day life. But that's just the standard I grooms my sons with. Jeremiah will remember they would they would go after me and what my you know for the diploma. I said to them, I don't care if you get a pluses and everything. I don't care if you're five grades ahead. If you don't love your fellow man, you are not aware that God loves you. And you are not using what God gave you in developing your gifts. I'm not giving you a diploma. I was that teacher. When I homeschooled though, that is cool. I remember telling them like you can't grow in Christ by hanging on to Mommy's Jesus. It's important that he becomes real to you. I support you investigating that I support you checking all different kinds of things. I did not put my I did isolate my children way more than I should have. But when they were studying things, I gave them that ability to study and to grow. And so

[552:39] John: all righty. HB asked like a really great question and saying I don't know if he if you're a guy or girl, but you're asking about financial advisors. You don't know if that advice is like they're they have an agenda or what? Read the book. On I think it's unbreakable.

[560:20] Sandi: Tony right, Tony Robbins. Yeah. shape isn't

[561:30] John: unshakable because it is fascinating. He goes into the 401 K type industry and they are held to a different set of like expectations and it's not it to make you money. And so

[567:18] Sandi: because so many people are mad at him for that, but their success

[568:01] John: is measured not if your account is making money. It's totally different and he exposes it. And so you're right. You should question if you're getting financial advice from somebody what are they really after? Are they getting paid? If your account grows? No, they're not.

[572:40] Sandi: Mm hmm. Somebody's past the duct tape.

[574:11] Speaker 3: Why it's Friday.

[575:16] Sandi: Bah bah well we have been groomed in a society believing that the smarter ones are the ones that we should always consult and that we can verify their intelligence and reliability by the letters after their name. Now, if I'm dealing with a neurosurgeon, I have no problem with this standard. I have no problem with the standard. If I'm dealing with a cardiologist, I'm also going to look at their you know, how many times do they have malpractice etc. This is so difficult to say. But we have to be cautious that a lawyer a financial planner, in yes a doctor, a teacher. There there is a hierarchy that we have been groomed to respect and I am not saying that you should disrespect people who are intelligent because that would be stupid. But I think we need to be really cautious believing that we can't make decisions for our life with proper education. And with proper time and discernment. The Bible says in the multitude of counselors is wisdom. It doesn't say in the multitude of accredited graduates because I know some grandmas and grandpas who have a high school education who got more wisdom than any financial planner. I've ever met. You know what I mean? I know some 90 year olds that people disrespect who got more wisdom than any child care experts, teenage specialists or psycho analysts on teenage behavior. They raise 12 kids of their own and Oh em gee, do they have a case study? So always remember that the Bible does talk about people with gray hair having a lot of wisdom. So let's move on.

[608:51] John: So John, is asking for classical swing to 500 I think this is a swing candidate that just took earnings and it looks like it's responding well to it. It's also coming off of this this big fall. You knew it was going to bounce. So now it's bouncing. Looks like the earnings is good to 500 I think it's gonna show but 490 before it gets to 500 See how it struggles at 490 What yes when candidate for sure. Yes,

[619:43] Sandi: let me say something and I want to make sure I don't take away your excitement. I want to make sure that you hear what I'm about to say is just giving you a few pearls for you to make the decision not me telling you what to do. When Tesla went down into the six hundreds that is crazy. Even Tesla being in the 700 is wild. So I'm super excited that some of you are buying and then selling Tesla and taking 1002 1000 to 3000 but you could be walking away from 15,000 If you were to just hang on until it gets into the 1000s just want to put that out there

[629:51] Speaker 3: because that's the market pattern we're in right now. Right? Is that ever, you know, slow or so you can go up?

[631:36] Sandi: No, the issue is is that Tesla is 11 112 100 Just a month or so or two ago. Was not like out of the ordinary. It will go back there.

[634:49] Speaker 3: Right? Because there's rules.

[635:27] Sandi: Yes, it has its history. It's not just you know, and again, that doesn't mean if you want to take the money and whatever you need some money to pay a bill and you're super grateful and I'm going to take a fourth of it. Don't misunderstand me.

[639:29] John: Sherry wants to know thoughts on VSTS for swing trade. No volume is just way too low. Not enough interest to swing this

[643:52] Sandi: remember Grayson, looking at Lucid it would be a swing but again you're looking at a three day weekend. So I would cautious. I would tell people to approach a swing trade right now cautiously. He wants to look at Lucid if you want to you could pull up lucid Tesla rivian I mean there's like five of them GPI F UV. And again, loosens publicly said they cannot fulfill production. Don't chase the fantasy with that thing. rivian hasn't even stated what they can do. So don't chase the fantasy with that either. Hope is not a strategy. Look at their GGP. I is operating under spec right now and it is Pollstar and they are doing 1000 vehicles a week. Fu V is like the dominator when you're talking about Micromobility and then you have Tesla that is the global Dominator in the EB sector. So I would date I mean, loses a great day trade but be really careful with this three day weekend in your swings. Because you can have people five minutes to eight. And let's say you're depending on it for a swing, you're going to hold it over the weekend and you're thinking it's gonna be fine because it's strong all day. I've seen it two minutes before 8pm Eastern and it goes because people sell that's enough to make you wish you had a diaper on and you see because it's like oh that hurts.

[670:36] John: So Tiffany as I watched a masterclass in creating a trading plan and now with this stuff, I'm gonna how what is a tip you can give that would help me not stay stuck on the how maybe it's easier than I think it is. Tiffany Absolutely. It's easier than we think it is because I mean everyone. A lot of people struggle with that. But just all you do is you pick where you think an entry for a stock would be. Pick a target of where you think it's going to go and then take a price level that you want to get out. If it goes south. That's it. And you're going to suck at it at first. And you might suck at it for a while, but you're not going to improve unless you do it. That's basically all a trading plan is it says I think a good entry is going to be here I think it will go here. And if it doesn't go the way I plan I'm going to get out at this point so I don't lose too much money. That's all trading plateaus. And you just do that over and over again and you'll get better if you keep doing it

[690:43] Sandi: and Tiffany if you're more of a quick start. If you took the call before, go back and watch the small training I did on how to identify a stock to trade and how to read the candlestick patterns without getting super confused because it'll really bring it down into simplicity. What's interesting as some of you if you took those aspects into simplicity, you'll be creating trading plans even in your head if you didn't write it all out and get very logistical with it.

[698:55] John: Right. And Tiffany it might be a good idea for you to do it with a paper trading software and your broker should have some kind of paper trading software that's free and just try it out. You know, get your hands dirty with creating trading plans.

[703:44] Sandi: And let me give a little bit of information we're growing bigger and I haven't said this probably in at least six months. We are super grateful for every person who's here, but I do not have the ability to vet every one of you. So some of you offer advice on reading through somebody's 401k and give information or some I know there's financial advisors in here who've written me and said I'm in your group because I don't know how to day trade and I want to make money. And I don't I don't like this current market or whatever you're changing. I respect and honor all of you but I'm going to ask you not to post them in the group to not solicit my pain members. And to not write that in the questions for the simple reason not that I don't think you're legit but I have no ability to bet you and I'm not going to. So if any member were to write you privately and offer services report that there'll be removed immediately. get what I'm saying we've got to have some boundaries and the boundaries puts you as a paying member into a safer environment. Now I know that all of you are incredible adults and you're not going to get offended by that, you know, love the fact that there's boundaries and so because of that, I honor you, thank you

[723:06] Speaker 3: and be that master class that you suggested for the candles patterns. Yeah, that was March.

[724:47] Sandi: Okay, thank you. Yeah, yeah, because there's so many different ways to train. Just in case you guys haven't thought about it. You could take some of what John says and some of what I say and come up with your own thing and make money. Yes, that's the beauty of trading. That's why we it's like, remember Star Wars remember? Lost in Space. WARNING WARNING Will Robinson I'm showing my age now. Okay. So when somebody's on social media going, this is the way that is a major WARNING WARNING WARNING. Because you can make money doing things very unconventionally with the stock market and do it right. But you do want to have the skeleton of basic principles in your formula for what's working for you.

[737:55] John: Kaylee asked a good question. She goes I'm still trying to grasp how do you determine the difference between long term and day trades? I think I get how to do them both. But I don't know really how to decide whether a stick is a good stock is a good day trade or something I leave in,

[742:08] Sandi: thought that on Wednesday. That was my whole masterclass. Yeah, differentiated. People watch the chat. Yeah.

[744:27] John: You know, and for me, just to make it simple, Kaylee is like a day trade is something that's moving crazily, and I want a piece of that. Long term is something that I want to build a relationship with this company. I think they're gonna they're good and if I put my money in it, you know, I get to ride it's innovation and it's, it's, it's growth.

[751:02] Sandi: And for me, remember every rule you have for a long haul the day trade can break and so be a great way to make money. Yes, and if you go into a day trade, expecting it to obey all the rules, of a long haul, you're gonna get screwed. You're in big trouble. You can make $100,000 and a bankrupt company that doesn't obey any of the rules in a day trade. And so that's what my masterclass was about. Question

[758:06] Speaker 4: mark for John. I'm just curious about I'm looking at AMD and it had that every resistance at 100 so it broke 100. So

[760:15] Speaker 5: now as I asked the question, it went up to like 101 20 is heading back down towards 100.

[761:35] Speaker 4: Grand curious as to like, what is the amount that it would go over that

[763:40] Speaker 5: that resistance threshold in which you say, oh,

[764:34] Speaker 4: it's moving until like right now it just, it's just starting to go back down a little bit. Just got to continue.

[766:08] John: And so, dollar so here it's so broke that 100 Right. But it's not, there isn't really any movement. It's kind of just moving sideways. A true breakout is like when when it just keeps going. And so I don't really look at okay, it has to hit $1 or $2. Above. It's just that has to continue movement, there has to be some kind of trend that formed afterwards. Here it's still pretty good because it's staying above the 100. So that's a good sign. It's just It hasn't put the trend. What you want with a breakout because it creates a whole new trend going in the direction you want it to go to

[780:27] Sandi: thank you. Oh, the macro sorry. I've gotten so used to looking at my portfolio that my you during the last market like your total gain and your day were like completely red like like, like you're such a loser. And now what's happening is like it's going way up on the other side and you forget how patient you've been through this red time

[789:33] John: show a snap for a swing trade. I don't like this pattern for a swing trade myself. Just because in this market because Tech has been getting clobbered. Big drops like this. And I don't want to guess the bottom. That's what I tried to do with Facebook. And there's reasons that these companies are dealing with that. We haven't dealt before like Facebook with their their business practices and all these things and just so many things that are going on.

[800:04] Sandi: I know the other thing is advertising dollars are down more than 35% overall on social media, so you gotta be really careful.

[802:11] John: So guessing the bottom of those types of things. No, I don't I don't like to do that.

[803:37] Sandi: Hey, Grayson, I want to give you a little bit of advice. And the only reason I'm saying is this I know you had actually said previously that you have Asperger's. Okay, now that is in your favor, because what's happening right now when you say that I am seeing that I do better with long holds and day trades. And it's cool to learn about myself. You also have a slight edge to be able to zero focus, like on something and watch its patterns. So pay attention to how your instinctive nature is demanding that you see patterns. This is why a lot of people who are in the spectrum are so good at trends and patterns and seeing things in a very convergent way. Like it's sometimes you can't get off that focus. Don't follow that instinct. And I'm excited to see what happens and by the way, those of you who have children who obviously are higher functioning and are on the spectrum, let them play with some day trade with some paper trading in simulators in that and groomed that instinctive nature, and that ability to really drive in on something it'll really boost their confidence

[824:35] John: carry as a VDL for daytrade for sure. Now this is a junk stock. But it is a day trade. Because the volume is coming in like crazy. And it has significant volumes. So average it's it's 4.6 million. It's already in this morning, over 54 million, and it's doubled in price since yesterday. So that's a huge move for $1 stock and the volume. So yeah, this is a day trade for sure.

[834:07] Speaker 3: So John, if you were to get in on this, you know would you would you wait for time just a little bit

[836:44] John: so I don't like these plays. I used to play them all the time. But since listed stocks like the more established companies started moving I have done less penny stocks that I have done you know like the apples and Tesla's and all that stuff. I just liked them better. But when I did play this I would even go into pre market if I saw something and I would try to enter before these moves. And stair step. So like maybe have been printed here and then let it stair step up. It's up pretty high though. This is high for dollar stock. I mean, for a stock to double. Is is a crazy crazy move. But so for me I would feel like I'm chasing here personally. But to get in here would be the stairstep

[852:05] Sandi: and it's 1031

[852:29] Speaker 1: Thank you. Time flies.

[853:27] Sandi: Okay, purely selfish motive. I'm gonna miss you guys like crazy. On Monday. So please follow me on Twitter and talk to me. I mean, it is gonna literally we'll all be like, is it Tuesday? Yeah. It's a great time to make a goal on maybe a book you're gonna get done. Different things like that, that discipline traders. Great. There is a list in the group. Just a heads up. We have been working with a platform. It's called tribe platform.com. And we've actually been behind the scenes, developing all of our groups to go in there. So if you've ever had any friends who were like I really want to join this group, but I can't stand us on Facebook at all. We're going to be taking all of our groups out of Facebook. And the cool thing is, is the tribe platform operates with an app and desktop and it's very intuitive, and it's really very much like Facebook, because my requirement was I can't have my members trying to figure out how the heck to use this software to connect with us when I want them to use all their brain power and looking at charts. So we will be putting the VIP group in there first, and within the next probably 30 days. We'll have you guys into this new platform, which will be really fun. So if you've ever gotten weary I know I mean, I delete my Facebook app off my phone all the time, because I just get so disgusted by it and I forced myself to log in only unless it sounds horrible. But sometimes I'm like God God can I please give it a cease and desist? Can I please blow up my page? Can I please just delete it.

[880:40] Speaker 3: There has been times where everyone was popped on on your thread because I read a couple of things and I was about to pop I was like, no.

[882:28] Sandi: Well I have been actually working hard to blow it up this week.

[883:55] Speaker 3: There's been so many times I was like she'd be so disappointed me if I

[884:45] Sandi: No no no I would not I don't even I don't even I just a lot of people, people who don't know my voice and me like if you didn't watch me unfiltered here. I crack up when people are like oh my god you're taking this personal I get so offended I'm like I'm gonna You're laughing I'm like I'm not getting offended. I have actually been sassy. But I don't take my time to explain you

[890:24] John: know, Sandy. I have been meeting my social media for the past week. Very and the only one I'll get on this Facebook because of this group. But let me tell you I am surprised at how peaceful I feel. I feel like he's like I don't I didn't know the news. Like you were the one that told me about the shooting because I didn't know anything around the world but I feel really peaceful.

[896:22] Sandi: I know.

[896:48] Speaker 3: I hear it's hard to go back to it's so hard to go back.

[897:54] Sandi: Well, there's a lot to be said that, that which you can control doesn't control you. And you know, I have team members who work with me on social media and interact and reply as me but um you know, I I am very refreshed by Twitter's environment lately. I am still shocked. I wasn't I had my account with you know, a couple 100,000 followers on Twitter and wasn't there for two years. And I came back and I have no idea what Twitter there was. My Account. But I discovered I am following 90% of people that I would never agree with never follow and don't want to hear what they have just say, oh gosh, I almost got a churn warning the other day by unfollowing 2000 people in one day. So I've had to really toggle how many I don't follow. But if you really put in like hashtags on what you want to pay attention to. You'll you'll get a good bird's eye view on how people are making crazy decisions on stocks simply because of excitement. Like and I'm blown away sometimes at people how like even on their description, they're like, I've traded over $100 million, maybe that don't mean nothing. You could trade $100 million and it made no money with a margin accounts. You get what I mean it prospering and account is important but Twitter I like because I can zero in my focus. Instagram is going to be turning to more nfts and different things like that. I still like Instagram. It's so wild to me. How each platform has a massive political bias more than it ever did before the pandemic. See I thrive in diversity of thought. And as a matter of fact, I am so the kind of person that if there's not all that harmony and diversity and power, I get nauseous. I just can't. I'm not interested in sitting in a room where everybody's like a robot because they all agree. I don't like that either. And I don't like environments. Where people are so volatile with their scapegoating. You know, it was so funny. I'm like, if I was the president of social media, I would require if you give a negative opinion about someone's solution that you are required to give your solution or shush up. How's rolls it well, and I mean, in my company, I've always required that like, you know, we're looking for solutions as a company and I have no problem people saying I think this sucks. This doesn't work. Oh my gosh is taking too long. But if you're gonna voice that you have to give us your solution. Because we're looking for a solution. We all have things I can we can all go off on what we don't like, but be solution type people that will help you in your trading and that will help you in your life to be the kind of person who's looking for what are the solutions that we could bring. But yeah, I would I think it's important to govern that and I think it's really important to bring our groups out of Facebook.

[951:55] Speaker 3: So Twitter is it just like you talk because I don't I know it sounds you know, go on

[953:04] Sandi: Twitter and I

[954:08] Speaker 3: do like is it like comments where you post something and then people you can know but like, if you post something new like talk to me on Twitter, I don't know. Like I'm learning

[956:33] Sandi: just go into your notifications and you'll see where I replied back to you. expect everybody to reply back to you don't take it personal people don't reply back to you or people who I reply back to and then I get like 1700 replies back they get muted

[961:42] Speaker 3: I was just wondering I know how to I know how you work on social media but I was just curious like you know if you ask something than we responders,

[963:38] Sandi: yeah and I think social media really can be a good place. Like it'll show you your own triggers. But you also have to be cautious because one of the things that therapy reveals is that if we are constantly having the same repeated story of things, like first of all, I'm in a position where people are always going to disagree with me. I always say things that are negative always say things that are stupid lies, whatever I get it, it goes with the territory. I'm okay with that. But if you're constantly attracting, like 90% of what you're attracting or 90% of what you're following is causing you distress that's something that needs to be corrected in, in therapy, because what's happening is we're just repeating the story that we know. And a lot of times we don't understand that. That if there's a story that happened when we were younger, like I had somebody say to me, How do I stop getting in relationships where people won't love me back and it's like, you gotta get some therapy, are you constantly going to be going, hoping that someone who has no capacity to love you will love you? Because if that's all you knew when you were a kid, whether we like it or not, there's no shame necessary we will keep attracting that because it's all we know. But the cool thing is we can change the story. We can change the story, and we as adults can change what we will interact with, we can change. We can powerfully say I don't have to answer that. You know what I mean? We can have a couple of words that sentences irritate some people because they are so addicted to long drawn out conversations because of insecurity. But it can actually give you a lot of power to just give a couple of words sentences sometimes and be okay with it. So be the governor of your own social media. For this group. I think it will really help all of us to get into another platform so that you know if you've got a couple hours a day that you're zero focusing on your stocks, you can open that app, you can open Telegram, whatever and you can turn everything else off you can actually go into your phone. I set several hours a day where my social media apps are not available to me. So I go into screen time and have hours in my day where they're there. They're covered up. They go. Where like if I click on it, it says this is not your time. I have to literally enter my password to go back in so I'm trying to trigger myself to think What are you doing? But sometimes I get so irritated with Facebook that it makes me feel powerful just to delete the sob off my phone for a day. I didn't delete the page, but I took it off my phone you know it gives me a little bit of feeling like I'm in control. Anyway, I'll talk to you guys later. Have a wonderful day. We'll post the video in the group as soon as it's done rendering and praying for I'll talk to you soon, guys. Bye, guys. Bye. Record Recordings.

[1013:24] Speaker null: Hello

