JUMPSTART QUICKSTART TRAINING
Date: 2022-12-22T03:26:21.000Z
Duration: 126 min
Otter ID: e3z_IjPkPqS-4FBaGZ17OZFbIQ8
---

[1:31] Speaker 0: Hello everybody, and welcome. Welcome to The Live Zoom Room. We're gonna go live on Facebook. I'm gonna show you on Facebook. I'm gonna go live right here

[6:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the Fast Start Training

[8:38] Speaker 2: live on zoom

[9:09] Speaker 0: here. Okay. Sharing your group so part of the advantage of

[12:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: being a paid client is you get sent less emails. So he had sent more emails for free stuff. If it's if it's in the paid group, I expect you to be here on time on your own without me having to follow up with you constantly. But it looks like there's not a whole lot of people here, which is interesting. So MailChimp I didn't tell everybody that it was at eight o'clock did I

[21:53] Speaker 0: only Abby would know that one right.

[22:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I told everyone that was at eight o'clock and it was really

[23:38] Speaker 0: no seven o'clock. It was clear seven o'clock Houston. Yeah. Okay. Well of course a lot of these people are new.

[26:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so because they were just in an event with me where I emailed every single day maybe they're expecting that we're live email so let me send that out as annoying as it's going to be to everybody

[30:42] Speaker 0: Yeah, why don't you send an email maybe wait five minutes and then

[32:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: huh right?

[32:32] Speaker 0: Yeah, let's do it. Anyways,

[32:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome everybody if you're watching the recording of this

[34:58] Speaker 0: How are you Brett? How are you Abby doing

[36:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: great. I'm doing great awesome. So training is live right now. So we're gonna say is live right now to everybody and obviously I'm sure some people will watch the recording will start at five after officially I'll start

[42:31] Speaker 0: talking we are live now. We are live now. We are live now. Seven Eastern six Central allow everybody in ah there's two more two more people

[49:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're live now

[50:13] Speaker 0: getting ready

[50:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: waiting for some people to show up

[52:44] Speaker 0: before we going we're also

[54:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: looks like we're live in the group through through Abigail's account so that's good live in the group through that

[58:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: so this is the Jumpstart training the

[59:23] Speaker 0: brand new member training

[60:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're gonna wait for a few more people to get on here because it looks like there's you know, we have a ton of people who are brand new that signed up and joined

[63:23] Speaker 0: but not a whole lot are on live so that's okay.

[64:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Some are in the Facebook group that looks like too so okay. Today's been great. I've been walking around a whole lot. I

[69:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: have been going for walks around my neighborhood. So today I did 7000 Steps according to the iPhone stat

[72:09] Speaker 0: meter listen to my mom's inner circle call. That was really good.

[75:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: That she did and I'm going to bring a few of the things that I had learned from that into here today just to kind of

[78:27] Speaker 0: give us something as a as a foundation for this meeting.

[81:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, well, looks like we are

[82:28] Speaker 0: five after.

[83:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we're gonna get started regardless of who is on. Okay. So welcome to the Jumpstart training. I'm going to mute everybody here, we're going to be doing q&a, hopefully for the second hour. And this first hour is just training and teaching. To get you up to speed as part of the client growth accelerator. I believe that every single person in here has the ability to

[91:20] Speaker 0: be a leader

[91:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: and create a coaching program

[92:44] Speaker 0: that makes

[93:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: six figures 10,000 $20,000 a month. Or if you're already at six figures to help you, at least double and triple where you're at right now is the goal. To get you to that 40 $60,000 mark. That's kind of the focus of this program right here. How many of you are already making more than 50 60,000 a month in your coaching business? Okay, so we want to so so then that's a good focus for this.

[105:25] Speaker 0: Your efforts are a treasure map. And a treasure hunt.

[108:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you're going after buried treasure locked deep inside of the minds of your coaching clients. But but they're, they're locked inside the minds of people who haven't spent money with you. And what's your hunting, what's your going after the treasure hunt, it's treasure. So treasure is like a piece of gold, it's very valuable. And what we're looking for is the gold that we can use

[118:03] Speaker 0: to sort of bait the

[118:42] Speaker 3: hook

[119:32] Speaker 0: of our marketing. Okay,

[120:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: so this is like a fishing hook right here. And your goal is to find the buried treasure, the gold inside of the mind of your target prospect that you can use to bait the hook of all your marketing work. And I can tell you this, there, none of you know what this is, you might think you do, none of you do. You don't know what this is. Because you can still do this for 19 years and still not even scratched the surface of what this should be for your clients. Now you might have an idea. And that's, that's great. Start with that idea. Okay, if you have no idea at all, that's also okay, too. So wherever you're starting at, it all starts with what is the hook that you are using as bait to put out there to entice a coaching client, a course client, a user, a member, somebody that joins your program that buys your training. And what you want to do is you want to create multiple hooks, you want to create multiple of these hooks that are out there. And you might just create one hook a month or one hook every 60 days. That hook then people take a bite of the bait. And what are you reeling them into? you're reeling them into some kind of a video presentation with you some kind of you on video

[146:37] Speaker 0: communicating back to

[147:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: the coachee the client the prospect what that buried treasure is inside of them. Okay. And so you're communicating it back to them on video saying, Yep, I got it, I have the buried treasure I have what you're looking for see the buried treasure is a desire inside of your prospects. And it's usually not the desires that they're willing to actually tell you upfront. Most of the desires that they tell you upfront, are very surface level. This is what this is the desire that's behind the facade that most people won't share that they don't even share with their closest friends that they don't even share with their therapists sometimes. It is this deep desire that they have. And so what you do is

[160:00] Speaker 0: is you create a treasure hunt,

[161:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: where you're going to go find that desire that they don't tell anybody else about. And you and you bait the hook with that desire. And then you give them that desire in your video. And your video training, whether it be live, whether it be pre recorded. And so then by doing that, you then at the end of it, you invite them to make a monetary purchase

[169:32] Speaker 0: with finances to continue

[171:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: receiving that desired look, that desire to hit that hidden desire. And so they join your program, because they believe that they're going to get that desire by paying money to you. And so what you do on a video presentation is you build their trust and belief that by paying you money, their desire will come to pass, and you're selling the dream to them for the money that they pay. Okay. Where people get stuck, though, is that they that they, I think, we know that we need to do this, we get stuck, actually implementing

[183:26] Speaker 0: writing our sales copy,

[184:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: creating the landing page, creating the Facebook ad launching it actually doing the teaching, actually recording and then actually selling the people something that they'll by analyzing those results, and then saying okay to do good or not, and then doing the whole process again with another hook. Because you also make the each step is its own treasure hunt inside of a treasure hunt. So when you're giving them that desire, you're then also simultaneously on a treasure hunt for now what's what's the next desire that they have after that. And you keep learning these desires that the prospect has, while giving it to them. And that becomes your value ladder. And your value ladder allows you to start at maybe $97. Go up to 297 Go up to $1,000

[199:30] Speaker 0: Go up to 5000.

[200:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so that value ladder is how much money the prospect is going to spend with you over time. And each layer you find a deeper desire and a deeper desire and a deeper desire. And you give them that desire at each level of the value ladder. And that's the entire business model that we do is you you just market to people gather people in front of you. Promise them their dream. Sell them their dream. So you promise them their dream and a free opportunity with you a free training. And then you tell them to get your dream, it's going to cost you this much. And then inside of that you deliver what you promised the people see, that's the key, you got to actually deliver what you promised to people. There are people out there who also do this and don't deliver what they promised to people. It works whether you deliver what you promise or not. But you will have a lot of people hate you if you defraud them. And you can go to jail for that. So don't do that. Okay. The problem is this because people who defraud people do the exact same process. People with integrity don't want to do what people without integrity are doing that works. And so we say, well, I don't want to be like those people that have no morals or no integrity. Because the people that are defrauding people are running the exact same funnel as the people that are honest and have integrity. There's no like little like integrity tag that you add to your funnel, but we think there is. And so we think that Well, I don't want to look like any of those people out there that make me feel uncomfortable. So we shrink back and we play small and then we wonder why we get no clients. We wonder why we're struggling to actually get new clients because what actually works is what the people with no integrity are doing. What they're, by the way, what they're doing does not lack integrity in their marketing. That's the that's the key to understand. The part that lacks integrity is when they sell a fraudulent product that doesn't actually deliver but the marketing process itself does not lack integrity in my opinion at all. Because you are leading People and guiding people to whatever the next step is, or the next stage on the journey, okay? It's not your job to manage what other people think about you, people are going to think whatever they want, there's gonna be really mean rude people out there, and they're gonna even accuse you of doing horrible things, because you're gonna look just like the people that have no integrity. And this is why when we care so much about how people perceive us, it makes it impossible to grow our business as a coach. Because we're constantly operating from this framework of, I need to control how people perceive me, I need to control what they think about me. And so by trying to control that, you end up not actually doing the very things that produce profitable results. Okay. And so the client growth accelerator is your vehicle to do this in the most effective way possible. So what you get is, obviously, if you're, if you're new to the program, maybe you're watching this, there's a there's a Facebook group that you get, you get to go over to Facebook, and you type in CG accelerator members only make sure that you join that group, I'll put the link in the chat, we post content in here and we stream it in the group does the private group just for the members of the program. And you can post in here, any questions that you have along the way of doing this process. So it's an open table where you can ask any questions. And it's all people that are that are growing and working to accomplish all the same things. There's Michelle, right there, I'm gonna prove her in the group,

[270:22] Speaker 0: boom, see,

[271:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: we have a lot of people who haven't even joined the group. So this is the main part of it. We do our live calls on Mondays, we do jumpstart calls like this, you also have the members area, so the members area is over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And this has all the recorded content, okay, and you can access this from your mobile device or not. Um, this isn't technically the dashboard that somebody who has the accelerator is going to see, let me add that dashboard real quick.

[280:42] Speaker 0: Go to My Account,

[281:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's kind of cool. You can like remove access to even though I own the program, I can remove my access to see it. And to see access to all the all the trainings.

[286:17] Speaker 0: So let's just let's just see.

[287:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: 30 seconds, everybody sorry, appreciate your patience.

[288:53] Speaker 0: Again, not everything's perfect.

[289:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lot of a lot of what we do here is going to be like this kind of by the seat of our pants, then that's actually gonna be the most profitable way for you to grow your business is by doing it without it all, like figured out perfectly or anything like that. So here we go. All right. So in the members area. This is what you have, you have all the courses, all the classes laid out. And if you scroll down to the bottom, you'll see these numbers, these are the different pages with additional classes. These are not like many i These have only been available to people who have invested at least $500 with us or more. So that like none of this content is available for free except for maybe like the Black Friday bundle and then this bundle right here. But even those costs money right there. So this is all valuable information. Under the Start Here column, it kind of breaks down what I'm breaking down in here as well. You will also find in here, our past faster training. So we got one from October. We got one from September, we got one from August. So you're able to even go through let's say you're like okay, this Fast Start Training wasn't enough. I want to know really how to get started. Where do I start? These additional Fast Start trainings are going to help you a whole lot. Okay. Then we have the monthly training archives. So this is where all of our monthly live calls are archived on the Mondays as well as the copywriting calls that we do on Thursday mornings as well. And they all have bullet pointed topics that you can go through find your topic and look at okay, what what was talked about on that q&a What was talked about on that call, we use AI to x To generate this list by the way, I just filter the whole the whole transcript through AI and generate a bullet pointed list. And so this goes back since we started the program, you have all of these like live trainings, and then Q and A's, and we alternate. So we'll do a live training in the members area, where I'm teaching for about an hour, and then I might take some q&a at the end. Or we'll do just live q&a. Like for instance, on Monday, this past Monday, was a live training and it was really incredible. If you if you missed it, check out the recording to it, it's really good, really relevant for where everyone's at, as well as just the past month of December has been some really, really good content as well as part of November. Just really good stuff. We've been talking about a lot of great stuff on Monday coming up this week, it's going to be the live q&a. So that's where you can ask questions, I don't teach anything up front, during the live q&a. So inside of this group right here, you'll be able to find logins for our zoom calls, I'll also send you the email. So the Zoom calls, you can find an upcoming schedule of different different events that we're doing upcoming, I need to update this because we're already past this. But coming up on Monday is going to be the live q&a. So we'll be doing live q&a on Monday working with you through any questions that you have, then we have in the members area. We have the courses as well. And these are complete courses that you can go through Oh, before I do that, the private virtual event vault. So this is all of the the live free events that I've held. You can watch the recordings to these these are, these are the free events, they're not available anywhere else. Unless people bought the VIP for each event, you get the archive of all of the live events that we've done, right here to just go through and even binge on some of the content. If you weren't a part of the live, launch your six figure coaching offer that we did this past time, it's really worth it for you to at least go through the trainings, day three, day four, a really good training for you as well. If you if you don't want to go through all of them. Then you have email marketing the fun way, this is a course where I'm teaching. How did I not load up that third lesson? Ah, I didn't load up the third lesson. Okay, I need to load that up into here. As the lesson was broken this week, it didn't work. It was damaged. So I had to take it down. But it is in the Facebook group, I can get that loaded up after this right here. Okay. So funnel building, email marketing, the fun way less than three, I also post the lessons in the Facebook group. I post them in the Facebook group as I do the brand new lessons each week. And so that's really helpful is you'll also see like the latest lesson will be posted in the group. The group is an open feed. You don't need to try to read everything in the group. Just pay attention to like what's at the top. You'll you'll you'll be up to speed just by paying attention to what's kind of at the top of what's going on. Don't compare yourself to where other people are at in their business either and feel like Oh, I'm so far behind them. And so they're asking better questions than me. This is for you to grow in you to learn in. Funnel building made easy for Squarespace. This is all about your about your

[382:08] Speaker 0: funnel. This is all about your

[383:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: how we use Squarespace to actually build out a complete funnel. Once you write your offer copy with that we got Facebook ads, you know, you saw all the different classes that you get. So these are complete classes that you can go through in the members area where to start, what's a class to start with? irresistible offers that sell if you've never gone through it is the number one place to start as a course. Okay, and then virtual event playbook. These two really are kind of the flagship program of this course, is irresistible offers that sell and virtual event playbook because you're going to be running virtual events that that deliver the value that people are looking for. Each week, you're going to be running these virtual events that deliver the value, the treasure, the hidden treasure inside of your client. Now you don't have to do one each week, but I try to I'm trying to do at least one like live zoom call leak, and automate that process and then get it to where the recording is running. And you can run the recording. Okay? So these courses teach you a variety of different topics that you can go through. You can also learn how to use Click Funnels right here, the funnel launch fast track. And we have an upcoming sales course. An upcoming Communications course. While I'm finishing up funnel building and email marketing the fun way. So this is all a technical training about how do you build the pages? How do you build the landing pages? How do you build those pages where people opt in and sign up with you. This right here is a complete course on how to use Jasper AI and artificial intelligence copywriting. To write the best copy, then there's two books that I recommend everybody get and read is the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort. That's the best sales book out there, he talks about how your goal is you. You want to impart vision into the mind of your prospect of what their life will be like after they work with you. So you want them to be able to see and experience what their life will be like after they become a client of yours before they actually spend money with you. And so that's the goal behind this whole treasure hunt. Is this is their desire, when they're on the training with you, you're able to connect with them. Do I belong to any coaching programs? No, I don't. I don't belong to any any coaching programs, other than I go through my mom's coaching that she has, because she's really good. So I guess I'm part of her stuff and her stocks group, but that's it. Um, yeah, so the way of the wolf

[430:31] Speaker 0: is all about

[431:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: connecting with when you do your live event. You build people's trust in you, your product, your company, the transformation, you build trust and belief in them that you can deliver them that desire when they buy from you your program. Okay, and this book is all about building out your sales letter right here. So the first step to start with is everybody needs to start with Jasper, or chat GPT. Now that we are chat GPT there is no excuse to not have sales copy written because it's free. I like I understood the excuse when y'all had to pay for Jasper. But now I'm like, listen, is free now. So what y'all doing right? And it's an I get it technology can be intimidating, it can be scary if you've never used it before. We just did a podcast episode this week, that I would invite you to check out on the Grow Your Life podcast, called from hesitation to action, overcoming technology fears. Okay. And so this is a, it's it's about it's an 18 minute long training, where I talk about, you know, I've been talking right now for about 28 minutes. So it's about as long as I've been talking right now, about breaking past that hesitation of technology. The truth is this technology is not going to bite you, it's not going to hurt you. It's not next boyfriend. And you're not going to be made to feel stupid if you don't know how to use it. It but it might very much feel scary to use. You got to kind of bite the bullet and work through what really is scaring us when it comes to using technology and just do the thing. Realize that like, there's nothing bad that's going to happen in your life, if you create a free account at chat GPT and you start playing around with it. Right? I feel like we can all agree on that there's nothing dangerous or bad about doing that in our business. And so starting by using those technology tools to write your copy and to write the language of what you're doing is really going to help you I just put down into I need to actually put it in the Facebook group but I posted it in the group here or in my on my social media. Yeah, and you can use it for funny stuff like rap songs and code and whatever you want, right? But I'm gonna put this I'm going to put this into the CGA group, because I really do think that Jasper is superior to chat GPT and these are some exercises that you can actually do actually asked the AI what are some exercises to help you get better at using AI and the AI gave us some really cool like little exercises to do in your business. And so this works both for Jasper chat or chat GPT now Jasper has chat built into it. And it's free to use that doesn't use credit. So you can get the lowest level of the boss mode account, and then use the free Jasper chat as part of it and be able to play around with it. Why is Jasper better it's tuned for marketing. It's specifically designed for marketing chat. GPT is actually more generic. Jasper is designed to be much more potent, influential phrases that work for marketing and sales. So being that it's a more potent output, it's just it's worth the investment to use that application. And I am a an affiliate to it. So if you click my link right here, I do get credit when you sign up, they give you 10,000 words, but like I said, Jasper chat is free, for a limited time. And it's unlimited. As far as like, it's not free, you have to sign up for a boss mode account. It is better than chat GPT because it's from what I understand, it's based off of the engine behind Jasper. That is it takes the machine learning of GPT 3.5. And it still adds all the Jasper marketing sort of bent to it to the answers. So there's still bent in the way that is much better than chat GPT for the output. Does that make sense of it. And so, we're using this to go through that these are some of those exercises that we wrote down. I'll put it in the chat here in the Zoom call, or it's in the Facebook group, it's too long to put in the Zoom call but so ideas use AI to generate several versions of a sales pitch for a fictional product. compare different versions and discuss strengths and weaknesses of each product. Practice using it to optimize headlines and subject lines use it to generate product descriptions. This could be a course description, write a series of social media posts for and here's the idea, the fictional brand could just be something similar to what you're going to make your actual courses, which is really cool. Kajabi also just released a tool today, that seems pretty interesting. So it's kajabi.com forward slash course, is a course outline generator. Yes. So it's a free course outline generator. If you're like, I need to know what to teach my course on. You could come up with your niche right here, put that down in there, and it can help you come up with a course outline. So then I tested that out in Jasper and I just asked Jasper like, okay, create a course outline for an online course to help coaches and course creators build their funnel and write their sales copy with AI. You just talked to it like a person. That's how chat GPT and Jasper chat work. You talk to it like a person you type it in. And there you go. Look at that. Introduction to AI the benefit to coaches and course creators building your funnel with AI crafting content applying. That's a little weird, I'm not too into that one.

[536:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's where I'm interested in what their actual course outline generator is doing because it seems to be creating better results for this. As far as your course outline goes, and this is also a free tool. So it's taking a lot longer to generate, which makes me think they're running it through a series of questions. And and it's it's it's it's more filtered that way and implementing AI into your funnel building advanced it Yeah, it's still kind of pulling up the same stuff. The word AI might be throwing it off. Sometimes these don't output perfectly. So you have to remove certain words or add certain words to describe it better if you're not getting the response you want. I hope you heard what I just said if you're not getting the response you want you might need to remove certain words from what you're asking it or add certain words to get more descriptive. So if I copy this right here, let's try this and see what this generates. And then let's compare it over here. Fundamentals of funnel building effective sales copy with AI implementing its borrowing from this content at the top here. That's the problem. Let's paste it fresh.

[558:28] Speaker 0: An error occurred. Boy, this is fun.

[560:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is much better. Here we go, introduction to a funnel and sales copywriting, understanding your audience, identifying your offer, building an optimal funnel, creating a landing page crafting the copy generating leads, creating compelling emails, social media strategy, analyzing and a B split testing. So this could be a an entire course, that would cover what we teach in this program right here. And so it was able to create that outline. If you're like, I don't know what to make my program on. I don't know what to teach for eight weeks. Now you have tools that can actually help you figure that out. Yeah, this is even better right here. So this isn't very long. But this is generating seems like Jasper is doing a better job than that. It's kind of like a little beta tool they're working on. I didn't like test any of this out, by the way, before I'm showing you. So this is all just live. Here you go definition of the sales funnel, identifying your target audience. Yeah, this is much better, creating a sales funnel plan. So you could take whatever your niche is and ask it to generate you a coaching program outline or an online course outline using the AI. And then that's what you're basically going to teach on in the first couple of steps about identifying your target customer, the importance of a funnel, and how to find your goals and determine what action your audience takes. You could make that be your free offer your initial free offer, how to build a simple funnel for coaches that gets more clients on your email list. By taking just some of these, these ideas right here, that you could say, generate and generate a sales letter for the following in a one hour webinar format to invite people to give their email,

[590:16] Speaker 0: email address,

[590:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then I'll paste those goals right there. Are you struggling to actively grow your coaching business? Do you want to feel like you're constantly spinning your wheels not getting results? Join our free one hour webinar and we'll introduce you to the concept of sales funnels that will benefit you that can benefit coaches and course creators will cover these topics. So right there is already pretty close to what you could even use for a sales letter.

[599:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just by asking some of these questions, are you ready to learn how to create a successful sales funnel? Join our one hour webinar will show you how we're discussing the fundamentals of funnel building. We'll start off by defining what a sales funnel is. Watch this, rewrite the above in the tone of Sandy Krakowskie.

[605:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you ready to take your funnel building skills to the next level? Join us for an exclusive one hour webinar with Sandy Krakowski to get all the information to create successful sales funnels. We'll start off by discussing what a funnel is and why it's important for coaches and course creators and what type of funnels exists then we'll dive into identifying your target audience. And you'll learn how to understand your ideal customer. Finally, we'll cover creating a successful Funnel Plan and setting your goals. So this is pretty cool. That's where then I would go into community.jasper.ai. And we use this perfect offer copy recipe, which is a multi step boss mode recipe. And we can paste this initial thing that we came up with right here. And then we started diving into what are the fears that people have? They need to identify their target audience understand better craft buyer personas identify pain points. They're afraid of not effectively identifying their target customer, top three frustrations and ability to identify your target audience determine exactly who's going to benefit and how to craft those buyer personas with pain points. That's that's basically what we're showing you how to do and what's cool is this is able to identify that for you. So here's what then you can ask what are some of those buyer pain points? If you take some of the frustrations that that it says you have then you asked Jasper what are those those pain points? is feeling overwhelmed? It's difficult to identify their audience.

[631:54] Speaker 0: So why why do they struggle to identify

[634:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: their target audience and you can start to even ask it these questions about the struggles that your target customer has. Why is it so hard to know what makes an ideal customer tick? By the way that's what we're figuring out right now at the AI is difficult to know it because every customer is a different needs in preferences they have their unique sets of goals and pain points

[641:44] Speaker 0: what are they secretly desire?

[642:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: They desire success to reach a large audience and make sales they secretly desire the knowledge and skills necessary. So then this goes through and we start to generate these headlines unlocking the secrets of target audience identification. Let me add the sandiacre kowski tone to this because it's it just sounds way better when we do that.

[648:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Crafting perfect buyer personas, identifying your target audience create effective sales funnels without compromising data security, I don't know about data security.

[654:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: What well, and it could be, you know, certain data security could be an issue that people are dealing with and wondering like, you know, Is there security and in doing this, unlock the power of tailored sales funnels that resonate with your ideal, or your individual customer without compromising without risk, risking customer loss? There we go. Hey, right. PHAs based on the above, course, creators often struggle to identify their target audience, it can be difficult to know what makes them tick, because they have different preferences, unlock the power of a tailored sales funnel that truly resonates with your target customer without risking customer loss.

[667:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this allows us to basically reframe and restate what we're trying to say different ways to pull up different angles. And then we're, we ended up taking this copy, putting it on a Squarespace site, having people sign up with their name and email address. To register to meet us live on a on a zoom call or a series of zoom calls. Okay, and so that's what the course is in the members area go over is all of that. And then what do you actually say on those zoom calls. So here's the thing, again, what we talked about during the five day, and when I stress to people is the six

[678:21] Speaker 0: steps.

[679:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: For a successful business in this business model, step number one, find your niche. Start with something like there's no reason to be stuck on your niche for more than two weeks at all ever. If you've if you're like, I'm still figuring out my niche, it's been five months. It's been five years, chat, JV chat GPT will help you dial in maybe deeper into the psychology of your niche to pick maybe something that's more specific inside of that. And so that's why I say start with the offer copy because your goal is to go on those treasure hunts that happen during the events that you do you're serving your audience, what is your biggest struggle? What are you dealing with? What would you like to learn? We're serving our audience constantly.

[693:10] Speaker 0: In the members area.

[694:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: All of you now have access to first off irresistible offers that sell is going to answer a lot of questions that you have about building offers. This basically is the continuation of what we taught during the five day event and really goes into the psychology behind offer development and offer creation. And then this is the technical training about how to use Squarespace right here. Funnel building made easy on Squarespace. You can use whatever platform you want. I just only teach Squarespace. If you go under private vault of virtual events, you'll find a September training called starting your own coaching business finding your niche. And this one's a little bit better the October training finding your niche training. Okay, so this is a two hour training.

[709:30] Speaker 0: That is

[710:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: the best training I've ever done on finding your niche. It's two hours long. It's worth bookmarking if you're still struggling to find that niche in your business, okay. And one of the biggest reasons why is we we might not be sure if the niche that we pick is good enough if it's going to get sales if it's going to produce the result we want and so that's where you got to make that decision pick something and then we go to step number two, which is which is right offer copy And if you want to map out a course, use the API. See, see, I was telling people like don't, you don't need to map out your course to start? Well guess what I know some of y'all need it. So use the API to do it in one second. Just have the API map out like a basic outline of a course about your niche topic. To start with, that'll at least give you a direction to point in a direction to head it, okay. And so then you write your offer, copy, you create that language that's going to connect with the prospect. And then you go to you build the funnel, you build the landing page, you build the page, where they register with their name and email address, then you promote

[732:38] Speaker 0: that out to people,

[733:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: with ads, with organic social media content, with your blog with your email list, but you want to grow your email list because it's a promotion platform. Then right here, you analyze the results. You analyze, did this produce the sales that you want, and really what comes in between here is this is your presentation, this is your pitch. This is where you're actually selling to people, you're actually pitching in between promotion and analysis. Okay. Here's the thing. The reason why I don't have the pitch is a number is because once you get the ball rolling to promote your offer, you've already committed to do the pitch. So it's not optional. It's part of Step four. Step four, doesn't end until the pitch is over. Is like this process doesn't go to Step five, until the pitch is over. This is what do you say during those days? On your event? What do you say when you're live with people? That's what we go over in the virtual event? playbook course. This is your blueprint, your playbook of what to say, each day for a virtual event, if you do a multi day event, or what to say, at each stage of how do you script out a sales pitch that gets people to buy from you. And this is based off of us doing dozens of events that have converted to sales, where I break down and tell you how to actually run your virtual event, what you actually say, to script it out. We don't really script out everything, we basically have like a bulleted list of what we're going to cover in the event. And it's broken down simply like this, the first 75% of your your are now the first 25% of your events, is going to cover vision and mindset, vision and mindset. So you might be promising to teach people about AI copywriting, but you're gonna spend the first 25% Casting vision and mindset of what learning AI copywriting can produce in their life, getting people amped up about the dream, okay. And this can even extend all the way to 50% into your presentation. What what's going to happen with this is two things. The right people are going to be attracted to you, and everybody else is going to be really repelled by the vision and mindset training. Because they're going to be like, Wow, I wasted an hour on this, I wasted 30 minutes. They didn't teach me anything about sales copywriting. They didn't teach me anything about what they promised. And so I'm gonna log off. And the truth is, those people even if you did teach it, they weren't gonna buy from you anyways. Because they're not grabbing onto this final vision that you want to walk them to. Okay, so you start with the vision, regardless of who gets pissed off, regardless of who writes you and tells you what an unethical pig you are. Because I've gotten those message messages, telling me what a what a con artist I am for marketing a class for free, and then spending 25% of it to talk about mindset and vision.

[786:51] Speaker 0: Okay. And so

[788:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: then you go into the practical steps of and this is where a lot of people freak out. Well, what if that's the topic of my course. How can I I don't want to give away what I'm going to sell to people. You want to give away the like the first initial step of that process. You want your offer to promise people to the world. You want to promise them the results, the final result, and then you get them started. So let's say on a two hour call, the first 30 minutes is mindset. Then you spend minute 32 minute 90 talking about the practical steps of what's going to get If somebody started on what your promises, then the final 75%, the last 30 minutes, you pitch them on the paid product. So you sell them on the fact that when they buy your paid product, they're going to get that promised result. And so you mark it to them for free, the promised result, you do an event like this, and then you tell them, the promised result is after you purchase this from me. And what you walk them through in the middle of this is the very first steps of that promise result, you walk them through the initial starting phase of it, and you go slow enough through it to where you're really like walking them through in real time, what they need to do, you just walk them through in real time, and then loop it back to stories of successful clients that you've had, or your own story, or your own experience or the experience of somebody else that you know, you could talk about somebody else's experience as well in this. And then you loop through this process, you end up making a pitch to these people to buy something from you for $297. I wouldn't go lower than 297 at all. Most of you, I'd recommend you do 997. Unless it's a spirituality or like Christian or faith based product, then I would cut not 997. But I would go like 497 for that. Just because we found a lot of people with Facebook faith based products initially out the gate, don't want to invest $1,000 Until you dial in your messaging. Because what's going to happen is your goal with running these events member, the goal of why you're making this promise to get people to listen to you for two hours is for you to go on a treasure hunt to identify the hidden gold of what their desires are. So you're basically bribing people to tell you their desires with a promised result. But the promise result is always going to be on the other side of what you actually sell. And so then you get people in the door to listen to what do they actually truly desire in their own words, and you document those words. And then you use those words to build out your offer copy, and you get it more closer to how they say it, how they describe it very specifically in that way. Okay. And so that's the process that works really well. And we use Facebook ads to promote that out to people. Once you're ready to run the Facebook ads, there's the Facebook ads for beginners course. Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners, we also got tick tock ads, which are working pretty well as well. If you want to know about organic social media content, I don't do a lot with organic like to get clients. My mom is much better at organic than I am. But I teach just about what to come up with what to say in your organic content. I have had people take this course on organic content and go viral with their content. So that's pretty cool, is I don't really go viral too much with my organic content. But I've had people who've taken my course go viral so I guess that's pretty cool. Um, because I run most of my stuff just through paid ads. I don't really care about how my organic content does at all. Transformational coaching made simple this will help you to be a better coach. Easy course Creation Blueprint. This will help you create a course. website building Made Easy is a Squarespace deep dive to show you how to use Squarespace. funnel and offer copy live is where we were building out funnels and offer copy with people on a zoom session like this. And then oh, I think I need to add one more to this because there was the the offer Launchpad event and I need to add into this. That's interesting. Okay, yeah, I'll add that here soon as well. No wonder nobody said anything about it. That makes sense.

[870:12] Speaker 0: Because nobody had access to it.

[871:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. So here's what I'm going to do is now we're going to open this up to questions because that's what I want to help you with is in this process, there's no reason for you to stay stuck. There's no reason to hesitate there's no reason to not start using AI to come up with your your your language your copy to help you do an event. By the way, I'll say this you're going to suck the first time you do it. Most of you are not going to be very good at it. it, and you're gonna feel like you completely ruin your reputation. And people are gonna think, blah, blah, blah, all that's about you, you got to still do it anyways, even though it feels that way, and you got to rip the band aid off and put yourself out there

[884:53] Speaker 0: to reach people

[885:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: to grow your coaching business, this is the fastest way to grow a coaching business. There's other forms of like freebies that you can offer people. But those other forms of freebies take a lot longer to get people to the point where they buy from you. Whereas doing the virtual event model, you can close a sale in less than seven days. So if you're putting your ads payment on a credit card, you pay it off, within seven days, it didn't even cost you anything. That's that's why having open credit card space on for your ads is important as well. And so what we try to do is we always try to make back when we run ads, at least twice what we spent on ads, but usually we're getting 10, sometimes 20 times our ad spent this last time we got 10 times our ad spend

[899:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the beginning, you might only break even though and that's okay, if you break even that's still a good thing. That's still part of the process of you putting your offer out there connecting with people listening to them and getting that feedback loop going. So then you can make an offer that's more dialed into what people want by finding that hidden gold. Alright, Nina.

[905:54] Speaker 3: Does that matter what let the the aesthetics of your landing page and where you put what? Well?

[908:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: To a degree but not not a whole lot? I mean, mine are kind of the bare minimum the pages that I have.

[910:33] Speaker 3: Yeah, I was looking at yours and using it. As an example to begin to build mine. I think this is the one I was using. Yeah, I think this is the one.

[912:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, just I like to alternate the photos from side to side and use some bolded text and some headlines like that. But no any more than this, you don't need any more aesthetic other than what I have on my pages.

[916:22] Speaker 3: Does reverse doesn't have to match your branding, like I have on rebranding, so nobody

[917:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: cares about your branding in this industry.

[918:24] Speaker 3: Okay, at all.

[919:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your Branding does not really matter. Make it match just for you make it match kind of like you know, you might want your socks to match. Nobody sees it, but okay, got it. Literally, it's about as relevant as you having matching socks on to attracting clients.

[923:06] Speaker 3: Well, I'm just asking because I've, I've worked with someone before who aesthetics was so important. And it drove me nuts. Okay,

[925:58] Speaker 0: what were they teaching?

[926:29] Speaker 3: Well, um, she, I was actually working for her. So when I was working for and doing her marketing, it was

[928:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: what that is, is that's a major insecurity and the person you were working for, okay? Who feels like if I make esthetics right that I did all the right things. And so there's no reason I won't fail. Okay, it's a belief issue, not an actual strategy.

[933:26] Speaker 3: Yeah, I just it. Honestly, Jeremiah drove me nuts. I don't work with her anymore. But it drove me insane.

[935:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And there's a great book on this topic as well. It's just it's another Dan Kennedy book where he talks about this. And it's one of the very first things that he says in the book is the no BS guide to direct this is direct response marketing on social media. Where's the black book? No,

[940:56] Speaker 0: that's anthology.

[942:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: No BS direct marketing. So yeah, this is it right here. So in this book. One of the first things that he says is that indirect marketing, nobody cares about your aesthetics. It doesn't matter. Okay, thanks. Because the sales copy is what matters the most. Now, here's the cool thing, though, when you're starting to be really successful. If you're making like $10 million, invest a little bit of that into the aesthetics because you have the extra budget to do that. Okay, yeah, tick tock ads are still doing great. All right. Anybody else have any other any other questions here? Any other questions about your, your business about doing what I talked about, about building this out?

[956:43] Speaker 3: Here's, what's one more question Jeremiah, sorry, and interrupt you. Okay, so I am actually going away in February and March, and so I won't be available. To do a live program until until after I get back. So from marketing perspective and launching, do I then wait till I come back so that I can flow right into the group? Or do I start in January,

[964:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would start in January and then just have, you know, content that you're pushing out to people. Okay, between that time just to stay relevant in front of them. You know, you could play some of those, you could run it in January, and then maybe run the replay, and do like a replay promo, where you just promote the replay out to people. And we found that that works really good to promote the replay as well,

[971:17] Speaker 0: to your audience.

[972:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, cool, thank you, you'll get better, you'll get a better promotion by doing it live, like my mom's been doing her replay of her stocks class, but she's gonna get two to three acts when she doesn't live here in January. Okay. So I mean, if you know that you can get two to three times a result by doing it live. You do that until it grows to a certain point where you want to step aside and just let the machine run itself. And it's all automated. And I'm adding a training in the members area about doing it automated. To run an automated the same as whether it's not, it's just instead of you just record a video, and then you give it to people at the time they're going to show up versus you being on live this but you say the exact same things one to one. You don't say anything differently if it's pre recorded or not, you don't teach differently.

[986:25] Speaker 0: Okay. Okay, thanks.

[987:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, and so here's what ends up happening is, again, a lot of times, when we do calls like this, we don't get a whole lot of questions, but they do come up during the, during the weekly calls. And what it is, is there's usually concerns or hesitations or or issues that people run into building out their funnel building out there challenge building out and doing some of the stuff. And so any stage where you get stuck, or you're like pause, you're like, I don't know what to do next. That's where you can come to the group. That's where you can ask questions. That's where asking questions is so very helpful to do is to is to be able to do that. Abby, can you come up? Um, I think there might be an overlap. Sure, but I couldn't point you to where the overlap is. It's just it's all kind of intermixed with each other.

[1003:21] Speaker 0: I'll go faster steady.

[1003:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think I think funnel launch fast track and funnel building Made Easy is gonna be the best one for you to start with. To start to build out that funnel. Here's the thing is it just depends on you're going to click funnels or SquareSpace.

[1007:38] Speaker 0: So, yeah. They're all pretty easy. Thanks. Yeah. Awesome. Um,

[1010:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right. Anybody else have any other questions just about getting started? Brett, what's up?

[1012:58] Speaker 2: I'm niching down. And the the writing down three niches. I've kind of been thinking about that for several weeks. Okay. And so I have, one of the things that I want to do is to work with business owners, okay. Where mindset and limited mindsets or limited beliefs actually, and mindsets are concerned and for to help them flourish in their design and their and their vision. So, couple of things that pop up is do I do I do this spiritual separate? Or just intertwine that with that, because that's my background.

[1026:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I probably do better this intertwine up. That's what I was thinking that.

[1027:59] Speaker 2: Yeah. That was the biggest question that I really had. So the the, when it comes to like, tools, like click funnels, I'm using Karcher right now. And I think sometimes it's too much of a tool for me. Simply expense wise, and bandwidth and everything. And so one of the things that I'm considering doing is just going to Squarespace just to so I can learn the basics of doing this mechanically without having all that other tool in the way. I mean, I don't I use Calendly but I'm getting to where I don't know They want to go that model. Okay. Yeah. Group? Yeah. So would you, would you just this question I was thinking about earlier, after doing a live event and then promoting a course for four to eight weeks, whatever it is. And then would you then move them like you've done into this client growth accelerator?

[1047:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would move them into some kind of like a continuity program that they can be into, that is a sort of a monthly that follows alongside you doing these, these group coachings, eventually, that you're going to want them to be kind of one in the same. So we did this with Rick, and then Joshua. And then they ended up combining, I did a little bit of a different approach, because I was prideful and had my head up my But truthfully, is the only reason why is. If I like if I was coaching me, it would be to tell you to do what we did with Rick and Joshua, because they were able to make six and seven figures really quickly to then finance everything, I did everything the wrong way with my business. I'm doing it the right way now, but I wouldn't recommend you follow the path that I did a four years of only making 500 a month.

[1061:19] Speaker 2: Okay, so map that out for me then. So it'd be live event and then going into your membership,

[1062:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: it would be live event and then going into some kind of a, a 297 497, or $1,000. Course coaching hybrid, where you're going to teach them for six to eight weeks, and then also provide six, eight weeks of q&a. Right. And then at the end of that, you could sell those people on a $7 a month or a $27, a month monthly program that they're in, just to kind of funnel everybody into and what they get with that is they get an archive of all the recordings of the the future events that you're doing. Plus they get an exclusive maybe one to two calls a month. So becomes what the client growth accelerator is, you're just filtering all that content into there. And then they get you can even do it to where they get free access. They don't get to join it live, but they get to watch it two to three months after it's done live. And they get to ask you questions twice a month. So you're providing that support. You could even add in like boxer support, where they have like a little box or thing and they can send you a voice messages. As part of that. You can add that as an upsell that upsell could be you know, an additional $27 on top of the 27. Or you can sell it for 47 and 47, or 97 and 97. But what that is, is it's essentially kind of like this sidecar membership that provides revenue to you while you're doing these six to eight week classes, until you have enough of those six to eight week classes built that they end up going into the membership and you raise the price of your membership to equal. Essentially, if you do a six to eight week class every quarter, you then make your membership 97 bucks a month and they get unlimited access to all the all the events you do. And so you end up merging those together once you have an archive of about four or five different classes after a year. But you've already generated a couple $100,000 in sales by doing it this way, versus trying to get a bunch of people into a $27 membership, you would have maybe barely scratched the surface of 100k doing it that way. Yeah, yeah. And then you end up combining them together ultimately, when they end up reaching a certain economic threshold, right. And so that's what I ended up doing was I realized, okay, my program here, I'm not going to charge any less than this price, $166 a month. And I'm going to give everybody all these courses, and I'm going to add new courses to it. Because I know that these courses, people go through these courses, if they jump on the live calls, if they ask the questions like you are right now, which I'm so grateful you're asking questions, it really is like the lifeblood of this program is by asking questions, and because then I'm able to guide you to okay, this is what you need to do next. And then that's what I recommend is each of these six steps, we don't want to be stuck for more than 14 days on any given step. So like 14 days, by then try to have your offer copy done. If you hit 14 days and you didn't do it, give yourself an additional seven day extension. Did didn't hit the seventh day, give yourself a three day extension didn't hit that. Give yourself one extra day and there you go. Keep lowering how long you extend your timeout, kind of like you're holding yourself accountable to do the work. Right? Because you'll eventually get through the steps by doing that. Right and you build your funnel, give yourself about 14 days to build the funnel out 14 days to get your ad set up 14 days to run the process of promotion, pitching and all that. And so that's why in about 60 Up to 90 days, you're able to go through all six of the steps. So best we talked about the six steps a lot, and all of the trainings and all the lessons that we do, we repeat them constantly. So it's sort of our like, guiding principle of this program. As you work through the six steps. You find your niche. You write your offer, copy, the sales copy. And what I just showed today is pretty cool. You could add in mapping out an initial course or coaching program, by running that through the API right here, if you want to, at least, give yourself that to where you have it mapped out. Because I know a lot of people are like, I'm not going to write my offer, copy till I have my course mapped out well, you can have the AI help you map out an initial course outline now, which is cool. So then you do the offer copy there, then you you build the funnel, you build the landing pages, you build the actual physical pages where they sign up, where they purchase, where they give you the name and email address. Step number four is promote. You promote this out there with with ads with email, and with organic, social media content. And during that time of promotion, that's what you're talking about across all platforms, is this offer for them to join your funnel? Step number five, is analyze the results of these four steps. And in between four and five is where you actually do your sales pitch, where you're actually going to be live and you're going to sell to people and you're going to connect with them. And you're gonna ask them questions. What are you struggling with? What are you dealing with? What are you working through, you do a VIP, you answer their questions. All that's right here, you analyze the results. And number six is real simple. You just repeat the steps again, and you go back to okay is the niche is the niche what I want it to be based off of the treasure, the gold, that's your mining, I see it almost like we're like a prospector. We're like kind of sifting through dirt and water to find gold. And that gold is little nuggets for your offer copy that make it more specific to who you're going to help you add that to your offer. And that drives your ad costs down. So your ad cost goes down by you finding those gold nuggets and implementing them into your offer copy, and then running the same hook again, you might have the same offer each time. This is the part where I think some people get stuck. I'm only ever promoting the client growth accelerator to people. But I might run different live events and hooks to get people to buy into the accelerator. So you might have the same six week course that you do every six weeks. Here is one thing that we have found though, if you change the name of a course that you're doing, you you'll start to bump your sales up a little bit. Your sales will actually end up going up by having an entirely new name for something that you sell people on because people think it's new, it's fresh. It's like nothing else you've done before. And so that's why like when we were creating the million dollar funnel with Rick Pitino, I did a podcast episode all about this on my podcast, where I mapped out this million dollar funnel. And we did this whole process that I'm teaching you to do this, the million dollar a month funnel inside a million dollar per month funnel. We ended up running an event where we polled the audience and asked what's the biggest thing you want to learn. They all said songwriting. And so then we created a songwriting school that generated a quarter of a million dollars, then another songwriting school generated $150,000. So then, we ended up creating a songwriting retreat for $1,000.02 100 people showed up that generated another 200,000. Then we took what we taught in the songwriting school on the retreat and made it a course that was sold for $1,000. So now we don't have to do it live. It's a course that was sold for $1,000. It generated 300,000. And then from there, we ended up selling people, a $10,000 Inner Circle, which is 10k a year and that generated over a million dollars in one month. Just by dialing in what people really want the most and what they wanted the most was it was because the niche was we thought it was just all worship songwriters. It wasn't all all Christian worship songwriters. It was worship songwriters, because worship is a specific genre of Christian music by the way. We tried to market to Christian songwriters, if lapped by going to worship songwriters it succeeded. And then we figured out who our worship songwriters who have already written and published songs and have struggled to gain traction with their music. So these are people who've already invested a lot and are at their wit's end of wanting to break out of what's been holding them back. And so that was the niche that paid the 10,000. But a lot of people there was 1000s of people that ended up buying, you know, a $297,000 course. But it's going up to the point of, okay, what is that real desire that people are willing to invest into? To solve a problem? Because what we found is okay, worship songwriters, there's like a couple 1000 People here.

[1214:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: But 150 of them, what are what fall into that niche that paid the the 10 Grand? Why didn't 1000s of people pay the 10 Grand because they just were happy with learning how to write songs, for the people who wrote songs, and then wanted them published and even produced and mentored by top Grammy Award winning producers paid the higher level. And so that's an archetype of how we do the model with this, my mom, she does her stocks group, okay. Her stocks group is $177 a month, it's actually on sale right now, though, for $693 for the whole year, which is less than 77 bucks on TV pay for the whole year by the end of the year. And she teaches she meets with people every single morning to talk about the stock market, then there's a there's $1,000 per month, or at 6000 a year if you pay for the whole year VIP level above that, and that has a few 100 people in it. And so the VIP level above that is where this is like the cream of the crop of people who are they're having the most success, they're making the most money, they're really connecting with her message. Whereas the 1000s of people that are paying $177 a month, are asking beginner questions, they're needing the beginner help, they're still working through the initial steps of getting their account created. Similar model to what I have here, working through the six steps. Right now my one on one coaching is where I can then go in and help you specifically, with your unique mindset with your unique funnel with your unique offer. I provide those people with the ability to to message me to text me to send voice memos. And they have an opportunity, they can convert their consult their coaching package to a consulting package where they can use those hours for me to write sales copy for them. So as they're growing, they're able to grow with me to where they're able to then convert those hours to be sales, copy hours, 12, I might spend three hours to write a sales page, if you got grandfathered in at 1250 an hour, it ends up costing you about 3750 to get the sales page written by me which is really good. Because in the future, it's not going to cost that it's going to cost 10s of 1000s and even hundreds of 1000s of dollars for me to write your sales letters. And so that's why that's the different value ladder that I have is being able to work with people on that one on one level. And the truth is I can't handle very many one on one people. So that rate keeps going up. Based on how many people I can handle I got a new baby on the way. I'm literally legitimately only one human being. So I can only handle a certain amount of time in the week to do maybe one to two clients that I'm writing sales copy for. Okay. So that's the value ladder that you're going to move people along. So initially, they might start with just the free training. And then they will go up. And they'll they'll jump into a maybe a six week or eight week class that you have, or they can jump into a membership. Jumping into a membership is fine. But you're not going to make like six figures right away. It's more of a slow build. So a membership takes a lot longer. If you come right out the gate with a membership. Membership is more intimate. I'll say that it is more intimate because it's a lower costs than like selling a course or just only a six week term or an eight week term. But to build up to six figures is going to take you triple the quadruple the amount of time as selling 990 $7 and offering three pay and all that on that. So it's just about the models of like, how much money you want to make and how quickly you want to make it the economics work out that

[1278:48] Speaker 0: way. That makes sense

[1280:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, well, cool. These are all like really good questions right here. Is there any other questions from anybody? Right now as it concerns like these six steps that we go through the process? Again, work on your niche. Oh, I'll say the biggest reason why we might struggle really with these two steps right here the most. Because once you have your offer, copy written, and probably maybe step number really, it kind of goes throughout all of it. But if you're really struggling to pick your niche and write your offer copy, I find that each one of these steps addresses a different mindset challenge for people. So it's almost like a video game, I see it as like each each step has like its own, like boss level that you have to defeat. And it's like this mindset monster that will stop you each step along the way. And so that's what the the mindset mastery course that I just checked wasn't in the members area. I don't know why it hasn't been in there for anybody. But it's the offer Launchpad recordings, as well. Then it's also called offer Launchpad 2022. Those recordings are really good. I really break down like, what are those mindset monsters? What are those mindset like bosses. And I've noticed a lot of the people who went through that got a lot of breakthrough. One thing that we just really want to look at is, you don't want to be the person who says, Oh, I don't have any mindset stuff to work on. Because that's, that's usually going to keep you stuck wherever you're at right now.

[1308:37] Speaker 2: mindset and self.

[1309:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, that's the mindset of denial and pride. And, or it could just be embarrassment to admit, because it was never safe for you to admit that you weren't perfect. You know, there's, there's, there's a whole lot of reasons why that is, I'll tell you, that was, that was me. As I didn't feel it was safe to admit that I wasn't perfect. And everybody else could tell. But I was lying to everybody about it, pretending like I had it all together for years. You know, and so, I wish that I had learned the mindset stuff initially. Um, there's a really good book that my mom recommended, and I've recommended it a whole lot. as well. Over the over the years, some of you might have noticed a few of my other trainings, I haven't recommended on the free training anymore, because I realize people on the free training don't seem to connect with it very well. This is part of me tweaking my process. When I don't recommend certain books on the free training, and I keep it for the accelerator. It helps qualify kind of who's ready to hear it, because then I'm able to speak to what do people actually have ears to hear. And the book is called how to do the work by Nicola para Lapera. And right around pages 135, in the book my mom was teaching on this today on her broadcast, is usually, most of our mindset issues are connected to past experiences that have been painful that created beliefs, then those beliefs stop us from doing what we're doing. But we end up fighting for those beliefs, because those same beliefs are what have kept us safe for the longest time. Okay. And so what this talks about is, in how to do the work, she talks about spending some time reflecting on that inner child of like, where did you experience because truly, like we all have this inner child inside of us that experience stuff, even if we were hurt by an adult character, somebody that is is fighting to be heard. And so this is there's these different what they call inner child archetypes in the book. And I found this really helpful to look at to identify where are we stuck along the way. So one, the one inner child archetype, as the caretaker, typically gains a sense of identity and self worth by neglecting their own needs and believes that they need to cater to others and ignore themselves and only help other people selflessness, the overachiever feel seen heard and valued through success and achievement, uses external validation and other people's praise to cope with a deep low sense of self worth. believes only ready to receive love is by performance. I grew up with that dealt with that deal with it. And I deal with a lot of these on different levels, but there's usually like one or two that I really I noticed stood out the most, the underachiever keeps them so have small unseen beneath the surface lower than their potential even though they know they can be doing more due to the fear of criticism and shame of failure. They take themselves out of the emotional game before it's even started. They believe that's the only way to receive love is to actually stay invisible and unseen by others. The rescuer protector, ferociously attempts to rescue everyone around them and attempt to heal their own vulnerability, views others as helpless, incapable, independent, and derives love and self worth from a position of power of helping other people believe that the only way to receive love is to help others by focusing on what their wants are, and solving their problems. Again, I've dealt with this one as well. I think as a coach, we all have a little bit of that in us if we want to be coaching people, right. This one's called the life of the party. They're always happy, cheerful, comedic, they're always making a joke. They never show pain or weakness or vulnerability. They say that they are no they have no fear. They're just happy joy joy all the time. They unlikely they were shamed. For not being happy when they were younger. They believe that the only way to feel okay is to make sure everyone around them as happy as well as themselves. And then the last one or the last to the yes person I've dealt with this one, they drop everything and neglect all their needs to serve others. Likely model this self sacrifice and childhood engaged in deep codependency, much like the caretaker believes that the only way to receive love is to give up self and to always say yes to what other people want, because other people's desires are more important than their own. And then the last one, the hero worship or needs to have some sort of hero, a person a guru to follow likely emerges from a wound, where maybe a caretaker who is made by caretaker who is perceived as superhuman and without fault. So let's say you are raised by like a parent who you perceive as superhuman or without fault, they believe the only way to receive love is to reject their own needs and desires and to view others as a model for how to live and they try to live like this superhero archetype. And so I feel like all of us can identify with at least one of those archetypes have this inner child inside of us. Right? Does that make sense? I have a book. Oh, yeah. booklists. Yeah. So this is in the book, how to do the work. And she talks about this and talks about what do you say internally to those different archetypes to the caretaker, what you come to is from the wise adult. And here's what it is, is this is a really cool like form of therapy. I'm not a therapist or life coach. But I have studied a lot of forms of therapy. And what we look at as we have this inner child that wants to be heard, and we have this wise adult, and then we have this sort of critical adult character inside of us. And then the critical and wise one and up battling and the child is basically trying to resolve the trauma inside, okay. And so for the caretaker, the wise adult says, I know that you felt you needed to take care of everyone around you. This is you speaking to you with love and compassion when you feel these things. For the caretaker, I know that you felt you needed to take care of everyone around you to make them happy. I know this makes you feel really tired. And you don't always end up being able to make everyone feel better. You don't have to do this anymore. You're allowed to take care of yourself and I promise the others will still love you. By saying those these words over ourselves. This is so helpful. The overachiever. I know you felt like you needed to do some things perfectly, to make others feel happy and proud. I know this makes you not feel good enough as you are. And you don't have to do this anymore. You're allowed to stop pushing. So hard to do everything perfect. I promise you'll you are more than exactly enough exactly as you are. The under achiever. I know you felt you need to hide some of these parts of things that you're good at the achievements you've made the good parts of yourself so you don't hurt others feelings. I know this does not allow the good things about you to come out. And to be celebrated. You don't have to do this anymore. You're allowed to let others see that part of you of what you're really good at. And I promise you can let your goodness show and still be loved. The rescuer protector I know you felt like you have to jump in and save everyone around you every time there's a problem and need to help. I know that this makes you feel tired and disappointed in others and you don't always end up being able to make them feel better. You don't have to do this anymore. You're allowed to take a break from solving other's problems. I promise you that you can start to focus on yourself a little bit and still be loved. To the life of the party, I know you felt like you always have to be happy, strong cheer up others. I know this makes you scared to let others see the sad, angry or afraid side of you and you feel bad when you feel these ways. You don't have to do this anymore. You're allowed to feel any way you feel. I promise you're safe, to feel all the emotions and still be loved. To the yes person. I know you felt like you have to say yes to everything. And you can't say no. And whenever someone asks you to do something for them, such as hang out or loan your favorite shirt or do a favor. I know it makes you feel like a bad person. When you say no and set boundaries. This is this is my story. Really this? Is it? Does I feel bad for saying no. But I can't say yes to everybody. It's impossible. I've had people guilt me on coaching calls for not going to lunch with them, and try to tell me what a terrible human I am. And I'm like, then I would beat myself up for months after that, right? So we all deal with this, I've dealt with this. I'm still dealing with it. You don't have to do this anymore. You're allowed to say yes and no based on how you feel, and what you want to do. And I promise you can say no and still be loved.

[1461:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: And the hero worshiper I know, you felt that other people know more than you do. And I've always looked to others to help you make decisions. I know this makes you feel like you're not smart enough. And you don't trust yourself to make your own choices. You're looking for somebody else to tell you what to do. You don't have to do this anymore. You're able to think about things and make decisions without looking to others for answers. I promise you can trust yourself, and still be loved. And each one of those again, for each individual person that's in here, it's a different thing. But if you go back to this, and you watch this part of the recording, this would be very soothing for you to realize, okay, if I get stuck along this process, it's actually probably related to some of this that I've talked about. It's probably related to to because we feel like we're not going to be loved if we, if we go against the grain or if we go against the narrative, if we go against how we've always been raised or taught. And that's why some of us come from a culture in our lives. We come from a family culture. I come from a family society, sort of like structure. I mean, families are kind of like their own cult like mini coal, right? Like if you really think about like what a cult is a family sort of can look like that structure and an unhealthy sets where everybody's using each other and taking advantage of each other. That's at least the family that I grew up in was like that.

[1485:15] Speaker 0: But it doesn't have to be that way.

[1486:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you don't have to make everybody happy to go after your goals. You can go accomplish these six steps, any of you can, right now, I believe that you have inside of you what you need to start this process and start working through this process. And if again, if any of what I mentioned has kind of stirred up some stuff in you, maybe it's triggered you maybe you're just like I don't agree with that inner child crapper, I don't agree with what you're talking about. It's just, it's just a strategy, that's fine. You don't have to agree with it. But if you're like, hey, this stirs up something to me, I need to grow in this area. That's why I really do support therapy and working with a therapist. And I worked with the site of betterhelp.com. For a while. I had somebody on there that I worked with that I was able to do weekly zoom calls with where we met on Zoom, and it matches you wish somebody based on your individual needs. So you're able to kind of fill out a questionnaire of who you are, how old you are. Married, oops, not religious, but spiritual when you've been in therapy. Yes, you can answer this type of stuff and you can start to type it in. And then you can get matched with somebody to help listen and work through some of this stuff together. If maybe you're not ready for that. Just a great first step along the way of recognizing some of the stuff listen, you might have been taught that all this mindset stuff or therapy stuff means that you're broken and you're a bad person. It doesn't mean that at all. This book, how to do the work helps you recognize your patterns, heal from the past and create yourself and what we're talking about there. As we're talking about.

[1517:58] Speaker 0: If you're building your business, the behaviors

[1519:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: of building your business are going to challenge a lot of the beliefs that you've been raised with, they're going to challenge a lot of the standards that you've been taught throughout your life. As you put yourself out there as you do these steps, as you go to sell to somebody, as you ask them to give you money as you start coaching with people, and so when we can look at okay, I'm now hesitating to promote my offer. Let's take a look at okay, what is the belief that's inside of me what kind of what happened in that moment, and what you're looking for is you don't want to like sit in it. You don't want to just process through and sit in, okay, my childhood was crappy, and all this, that will, that will just do your more damage, it really will. You want to identify the patterns, so that you can make it to where it no longer controls you to where it no longer is affecting your decision making process as human beings, when we experience an emotionally charged event, whether it be positive or negative,

[1539:00] Speaker 0: okay?

[1539:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: When we experienced that event, it wires and creates these beliefs. And so then, anytime we come into a situation that feels like that emotionally charged event, we end up projecting that past event into the situation. And so if you can get to the point where you're not projecting that past event, or you're not projecting the abuse, where you're not projecting the shame and the guilt, and you're not re activating and reliving that each time you go out there to promote your business, the process becomes very simple, very doable for most people, but it because it in my experience, it was impossible for me to work through these six steps, till I looked at like, what beliefs are going on inside of me. What am I dealing with, that is preventing me from building a funnel, and then promoting it out to people, I had beliefs that were stopping me from, from doing these three steps, I would take six months. Back in 2020, it took me six months to work through these three steps. Actually, no, it took me nine months back in 2020, to work through these three steps. And you wonder why I wasn't making more than 500 a month. And I'm taking nine months to just roll out one promotion. But that's a lot of people deal with that. And internally what it was was I was processing through Well, what if I'm not perfect? Well, what if I'm not doing all the right things? Well, what if it doesn't resonate with people? Well, what if they don't like it? Or what if people don't buy it from me? Or what if, what if I waste my time and give too much information away or all these what ifs that we create in our brain and come up with. And we end up creating these scenarios in our head, we end up creating the simulated ways that things could go in our mind. And then we end up convincing ourselves. Yeah, maybe I should wait to put that out there till next month. Maybe I should wait to finish that sales copy, maybe I should wait to launch that offer till next month. And then that becomes a habit and that becomes a framework. And now you have a coaching business that isn't producing any money. Because that becomes your normal Mo is constantly pushing off certain stuff. And that's where we have to look internally and say, Okay, what is going on inside? What's going on up here? What am I feeling that is making it to where I'm extending out, extending out extending out? What am I running away from? Because that's really what it is? What am I hiding from? What am I trying to avoid by extending out this much time? It could be

[1585:16] Speaker 0: that it's just really exhausting.

[1586:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you launched an event, the last time you did it, it was really exhausting. And so you don't want to exhaust yourself. And so that's where we need to look at okay, why was it exhausting? What was I doing? What could I maybe do less of next time to make it less exhausting? How can I maybe structure my diet better during this time? How can I structure my sleep better? How can I get the help that I need? Maybe during the time that I do my event? I need to get a babysitter to watch my kids during the time of this event instead of trying to fight with them once a month or twice a month. Just different different things like that. Just different avenues. Here's a big one that we identified this week was some people aren't working through the six steps because they feel like well, my house is in an order. I got boxes everywhere. I don't have everything organized in my house, so I'm not ready to launch my business because I don't have everything else inside my life in order. And this feeling like I gotta make everything in order in order to be successful. It's tied to this belief that if I do all the right things, then I will succeed. The truth is, you could do all the right things in this business and still fail, according to what you know, do all the right things, according to what you know, that's why we're dialing in and we're looking at what is this treasure inside of our clients? And then how is this moving with the overall market? You want to be in a place of curiosity, being curious about what our coaching clients going through? What are they dealing with? What are they struggling with? What are they not telling people? And then what's on the horizon that can help people for instance, I've been promoting Jasper for a while now all these AI tools are starting to become readily available. And more people are using them. A whole bunch of people are starting to panic and think, oh, no, it's making what you do irrelevant. I'm like, No, this is great. I can show people now how to use the AI and get the results much faster, because it's easier to use. So I'm excited that people can use these tools for free. And it's easier to use. Because the easier, you can build a landing page and write your copy, the faster you're going to be able to promote and pitch to people. This is the show right here, the pitch. This is like you're on a stage and you're doing a presentation. And you This is where you get graded. Essentially, this is where the test is. And so if we're avoiding the test by running away, we got to look out, okay, it's okay to also fail the test, because you get to take it again. And you get to take it again. And so, again, this can go back to we talked about those inner child archetypes. The inner child archetypes get really triggered when you think about doing the sales pitch. When you think about what do I say, during the sales pitch? A big one is like, Oh, how can I guarantee that everybody's gonna get a result? You can't, I can't guarantee that anybody in this program is going to get a result. But I can provide the closest opportunity that I know of, to lean in and help people get as close as possible to a result. But I can't guarantee that everybody is going to succeed by doing this. So that's where you need to set expectations clearly up front.

[1644:22] Speaker 0: If you're in this program,

[1645:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not going to work on your business more than you're willing to. Okay. If you come on the live calls, and you say, Well, I just don't have time to watch the courses, but I'm gonna just ask questions and all that. And then you're not getting results. That's on you. Not me, that's on you, not me for not answering your question better. If all you're getting is like 10 minutes with me to ask a question, and then being upset that things aren't working. So you gotta like lean in a little bit, you got to take advantage of the group, take advantage of the q&a time, take advantage of the courses and then start to do the work. If you get stuck, that's solvable. You can get unstuck at any stage along this process. There's no reason to stay stuck along this process when you're inside this program.

[1660:28] Speaker 0: What's up, Bobby? Yeah, I mean, I know I'm not I'm not there yet. But a quick question, what are your thoughts about launching when you launch your course? Launching it maybe two different times in a day, you know, so there'll be more audience? Just trying to understand your thought process on that?

[1666:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I hadn't thought about that before, but I guess you can for me, I look for people that are like they're committed to make the time. Because if they're going to make the time to show up for the presentation, then they can make the time to show up for the coaching. You know, yeah, having multiple times a day, you can you can do that. I wouldn't make it now a reason to not launch your offer if you can't do it multiple times a day. Because little again, I I tried to do like what's the least amount of work that I can do? What's the least amount of effort that I can put in to create the output that I'm looking for? And so the fastest way that I know is to leverage the sales copy and the leverage getting a lower cost per lead onto the sales pitch to then bring people into the program. Then move people up the ladder by helping them achieve success. So once the once you're inside this program, my entire mission is to help you become financially successful. My mission isn't to sell you on a next level program.

[1685:29] Speaker 0: My mission is,

[1685:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: is to make you so financially successful, that you'd feel stupid not going to a next level program. Because you're like, if I got that successful at this level, let's go to the next level, right. But like, I'm very rarely going to push a next level program to people in here. Once you're in here, my goal is let's go to work, let's work together. Because I see the potential everybody in here is a leader. Everybody in here can accomplish anything that they can imagine. But it starts by doing the work. And it starts by stepping out. And it starts by doing the thing that terrifies you. It starts by doing what scares you. And starts by doing what your friends and your family say is stupid. And that you should stop doing because you should get a real job and stop trying to play pretend leader. Whatever the things that people tell you are right, or people telling you, hey, you're you, you're missed your calling by trying to charge people, you're bad for charging people for this. Or the belief that you have inside of you of like, Wow, it's really not worth that much. I don't think I could see myself charging that then don't lower the price. But at least start selling to people, here's what I would recommend you do sell something for $7. sell something for $27. Just to get a sale in. That's why I like to do the $7 upsell on the free event. Because it qualifies is this really connecting with who I'm targeting. If they're not buying the $7 bonus upsell, then it's really not going to connect with them on the back end either. And what percentage by a $7. upsell, it's usually about 30% On a good offer. If it's a $27 upsell, it might be 15%. So you'll actually make more money with a $27 upsell. 27 has been a pretty good sweet spot for us. And it qualifies people better because then you weed out the people who would pay seven but wouldn't pay 27. Just a different mindset, the ones who are willing to pay 27 are way more likely to jump into the back end with you, if they're paying seven or 17. They're less qualified. So we're seeing a slight decrease in the number of conversions on the back end. But just get a sale just get people to give you money. In exchange for value. That's one of the biggest things, if you can even make your first $7 you want you want a $20 credit. So just get people to give you like an initial buy from you just get people to buy something from you. If you don't believe like oh, I can I can't sell 297 sell something for 97 You just won't make enough money selling stuff at 27 or 97. That's the only thing the the amount of money you make from 97 or $27 products there'll be won't even be enough to pay your ad spend. So that's why we bumped those numbers up to 300 500 1000. And you figure out like which price point is most profitable. I would even go as high as 2500. And then above 2500, will usually jump to 5000 We'll just double it from there. I don't do anything between 20 505 grand, we jumped to five grand

[1740:19] Speaker 0: from 2500 If you're

[1741:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: pricing stuff, because you'll find that like in between that so weird pricing spot. So $2,500 and below, or 5000 and above 5070 510k 12k 15k kind of in that five to 15k range depending on the results. And that just comes to trial and error and testing and seeing like what price, people really see the value as eventually, just big picture. There's no reason you can't sell 150k program 150,000 In the year offer people 250 $1,000 grants if they do certain things. So they're getting it for 55k You know, you say okay, feature me on one of your trainings and I'll give you a $50,000 grant and if you pay up front you get another 50k off. I've seen that happen, where they'll do like a big discount for paid in full versus payment plan. You know 100k If you pay a payment plan, it's only 50k If you pay and that's where I want to get to with my group coaching um but I don't even really, my belief level isn't there yet, I'll just be honest with you all. I've never sold anything at 50 to 100 to 150k. Well, actually, that's not true, I have sold 100k Consulting packages. Because I've sold consulting packages at 500 a month, where I'm running their ads and doing all of that, like people are gladly willing to pay me 1520 grand a month to run everything for them. See, it all just depends on the value that you bring to the table for people, as we optimize this system, the price is going to go up, because here's what's going to happen. People are going to come into the client growth accelerator, this is my dream, this is what I see for the next year or two, I want people to come in and within three months, they're making six figures. And it's like, everybody's doing that. And it's to the point that they're like, this is way too cheap. And now we got to double the price, and make it a much higher price program. So it says I got three niches to spiritual one technical three, yeah, I would focus on one, definitely focus on one, and I would focus on the one that you will make the most money with, I wouldn't focus on the one that you think will have the most impact, I would focus on the niche that you actually can make the most money with, because it's going to fund everything else. And you'll still have you'll you'll have more impact by doing the one that's most profitable.

[1784:31] Speaker 0: In the long haul. Have,

[1785:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: we can avoid profit? Again, it goes back to those inner child archetypes. We end up avoiding making profit because we don't want to challenge the status quo of how we're, we're feeling inside internally. And so when it comes to like, Okay, could I sell something for $2,000? Could I make $50,000 a month as a coach $100,000 A month as a coach? First off, starting by spending some time envisioning not your bank account income but your life? What do you want your life to look like? Making 100k Making 50k making 20,000 a month? What do you want to design your life like and visualize it in your brain, visualize it and sit with the feeling of what it feels like to have experienced it before it happens. And you actually make that a practice that you do often. Where you sit and visualize, okay, here's something that I visualize often is, is developing a video game, I have a billion dollars, I'm going to take 150 million of it and build out a triple A video game. And I've already successfully created five kind of games already that have done decent, each one's done a little bit better than the last cost a lot of money to get into the video game industry, you got to do a lot of trial and error. Sometimes you'll have three or four games that fail. And then you got a breakout hit. But like I saw, I see myself and I imagine like what would that feel like, and then receiving an award for being best, you know, Game of the Year, something like that, and impacting people at the same time. And then I work backwards and I say What activities do I need to do each day for that to become my reality. And then I break it back down is what yeah, that's what I'm saying AI is going to help with that. Once we have AI that can generate scenes and mechanics and all of that I can start to direct teams that know how to use AI even better than I do to build out these games. I know in the next five to 10 years to build out augmented reality and virtual reality is going to become as easy as building a Squarespace site. You know, and so who wins at that point who's the best storyteller? Who's the one that has the best hook that emotionally grabs the user. And so that's why I even look at the six steps I see it as a sort of a video game process. Like a quest, like each level is a quest, that you're going through an adventure to reach your goal. I see everybody who's in this group. I've always looked at coaching from the perspective of of video gameplay. You're like defeating a next level and another level and another level and then you got to buy the DLC for $10,000 to get a ticket to the main boss, you know, stuff like that. But that's exactly if we can look at it from that perspective, but also just becomes a lot more fun a lot more enjoyable because then we say how can I attract people to end this? Because this is the logistics. Now we want to promote it to people who are most likely to become buyers. Who are the people that are most likely to spend money with us and not to spend money to get results. Because if they get results done, they'll go to the next level and you'll make more money. And you'll have more case studies and more testimonies. You know, I want everybody in, I want everybody in here to be a, a millionaire coach, a multi six figure coach, I want everybody in here to be making six figures. I know that everybody in here can make six figures.

[1848:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: But will you do the work to do so? That is to be determined. And so I'm excited to see what everybody does. I'm excited to see what happens this next year, as we go through this program. What's gonna make this program better is your questions and the questions that everybody asks, because that's the part that's really interesting about coaching, is the questions aren't pre programmed in. Like, like, there are questions that basically I'm working, I sort of see it as like, like mining, again, the Prospector, the mining example, I'm mining for the questions that people are asking inside of my group. So for instance, like, like, I feel like every member in the program has powerful, like a one question that they got the answer to would unlock everything for them. But I don't yet know what all of those questions are. So I work inside of here, to create a safe space where I can start to hear those questions. And then I invite you to share those and then everybody in the group ends up growing, you end up growing, you end up making money alone, that process, okay. But regardless of that, it's the six steps still work. You got to you got to put an offer out there, get people on your email list, sell them a program, sell them an offer, that part of it is pretty easy to like understand, like, big picture. It's like dialing in the nuances of like, okay, each step, right. dialing in the nuances of each step. I'm so informal Jeremiah. Anyways, thanks for being here, everybody. This has been a good Quickstart call. Is there any other questions before we go that I can answer for anybody about this process, but what we talked about to help you get unstuck, to help you start to see the results that you want?

[1885:18] Speaker 0: In your business? Can I add a comment? Yeah.

[1887:58] Speaker 2: I just want to say that I've been following you for, I don't know, probably three or four years, ya know. And some of the greatest breakthroughs I've had. have been some of your two and three liners on Facebook. That dealt with mindsets. Cool. Yeah. That has helped me more than anything. Of course, if I'm going to be coaching with people on mindsets course, you know, I have to deal with my own. Right. I joined a couple months ago. Yeah, I was dealing with some really heavy religious mindsets. Yeah.

[1898:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know. I can tell to Oh,

[1899:48] Speaker 2: because I can tell when I see other people dealing with Yeah. And I ran into one that was a result of me burning out as as, you know, being a caregiver for people as a past eight. And it came with my mom, my mother had a an event. I don't even know what to call it. But she ended up in the hospital. She has lost some of her cognitive ability, short term memory. And in the middle of it, I was questioning how come I don't have compassion? How where's my empathy for this? Because it to me, it's it felt routine. And when I when I dealt with that, too. Yeah, when I addressed the mindset, I immediately the next day, I just owned all my excuses. I got confronted by my sister in law, but in the middle of it, I just owned all the excuses that I was making. And I realized, okay, this is time this is a breakthrough. And I just, you know, I didn't see the opportunity. And when I when I addressed that the next morning when I woke up, I knew exactly what happened that caused it. I knew exactly, you know, where and I've done it multiple times because I burn out more more than once. And, but then all of the emotion came back, all of it returned. But with that perfectionism got a heavy hit. And, and in a hurry, got a heavy hit. And so now I'm able to think I'm able to be objective and not be in a hurry, trying to figure everything out, because I've got years behind me that I did not learn marketing that I should have. And now I can't do anything. But you know, realize that my steps are ordered. And it's time for me to go. I love that. And remember that. Yeah. And so the thing, the thing that is pretty interesting to me is how much you've integrated mindsets. And one of the things that I was, I listened to your podcast the other day with a Viennese I believe, and I really enjoyed that. And one of the things that came up was talking about the the child speaking to the child, the way that the weight, I've looked at it, it was anchors in the past. That's where we start mature. Yeah, yeah. And I tell you what, I've taken leaps to get in this. And I've taken leaps in this and every week, I look forward to what you have to say, because it's not only a learning process for me, but what I'm what I'm having to do who I depended on. Yeah, because the software, okay, if I get this software, then I'm gonna have this kind of an outcome. And it none of it happened. And right. The thing that I've realized is, you know, and this is why I was saying probably Squarespace for me, is because I've got many opportunities with with advanced software's I have automations, but I don't want to depend on them. I want to depend on my actions. They go. Yeah. Right. So I just wanted to say when I say a comment, was, I just want to say thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. You're you're authentic authenticity and your candidness about your own life has helped me tremendously.

[1955:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. You know, I learned that from my mom. No, yeah.

[1957:07] Speaker 2: I was in her inner circle for a couple of years as well. Yeah. Yeah,

[1958:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I learned that from her. And I just I realized, listen, the more authentic you are with people, the better it is for everybody. Like, it's way easier and you're less stressed. I'm way less like, I don't have stress. Like being real with somebody like I had a I had a one on one coaching call today. And I had to tell her, I said, Hey, there, there was something I was gonna get done before this call, I didn't get it done. Let's reschedule this call. And I actually had to tell her that and it was great. And then we ended up recording a podcast episode with Leila zeroes. We recorded a podcast episode today that I think is going to really impact everybody. It's all about what we lead with the entire podcast was this idea of finding the hidden treasure inside of the inside of the client. We talked about this about the hero's journey process, and how your clients are on a journey with you. It's a quest, it's an adventure, and you build out your programs that way. And then how she's integrated that into what she does to unlock that and people in the film and TV industry. That's awesome. So which is cool, it's it's gonna be a great podcast. Yeah. Well, thank you. I appreciate your kind words, Brett, you're amazing. And I'm so glad that you're here.

[1979:03] Speaker 0: Thank you. Yeah,

[1979:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm glad that everybody's here to I just want to say that like, each of you, I'm so thankful that you're here I'm so thankful that you're watching this I'm so thankful that you're watching the recording of this too or you're watching live you know, even if you're watching the recording, I'll encourage you

[1983:44] Speaker 0: plug in how you can

[1985:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: there you get you get the most out of this, you're the one that decides how much you get out of the program. That's the thing. And so it's a great it's a great coaching program. I think this is gonna is the best coaching program out there for coaches and course creators to get clients and it's only going to get better as we go into the new year. It's only going to improve as we work with everybody and grow I'm going to be creating some opportunities for members to do podcast episodes with me as well. Those are really fun because a podcast is a little bit like a one on one coaching call combined with a teaching to where we're both teaching together but we're also coaching each other and that's what ended up happening with Lila and I today is it was literally a coaching call where her and I were coaching each other on on like the simultaneous issue while sharing with the listeners the same stuff. It's really a cool process. So that'll be fun. I know. I'd love to talk with more people who are in this group on the podcast, and interview you about like your, your specific area of expertise that you think can help coaches and course creators. That's who our audience is. And then it'll be an interview format. So if you want to be on the podcast again, send me a message. Let me know if you're in the program here. And then we can get that scheduled. I think that'd be great. All right. Hey, everybody, thanks for being here. This is the Jumpstart training call. And I sound like a robot recording now. Alright, everybody, have a good one and good night. See everybody on Monday.

