Get More Clients With Paid Video Advertising
Date: 2022-12-03T20:04:59.000Z
Duration: 142 min
Otter ID: OeWTwPP9b5nfG7mL3Y4VSwIpdpM
---

[67:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: This funny as I just said that live on the microphone everybody can hear it. Because here's the thing. Listen, guys, I'm excited here if you're excited. Let me know who's here. This is awesome. I love this welcome today. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome to our live training. Who's ready to be here who's ready to learn how to get more clients and your coaching business. I'm here if you're here. Y'all are raising your hand. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go raise to the roof. Let's go everybody let's go let's go all right, all right.

[147:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, here's the thing. The United States as lost I know we don't have everybody in the United States, but the United States has lost their their game in the World Cup. So they're knocked out. For those of you wondering, is this really live with Jeremiah? Well, there's no better proof than that right here. So welcome, welcome. Welcome. Listen, I'm excited that you're here. I'm excited to work with you. If you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor, I'm excited that you're here today. To learn how to get more clients in your coaching business, how to get more people through paid advertising. We built all of our businesses, all of the all the companies that we've worked with using paid advertising, okay? And so that's what we're gonna go over today. And we're gonna go over the strategic ways to make sure that you're setting up your ads, right? To make sure that you're not losing money to make sure that you're getting results. How many of you want to get more paid clients in your coaching business? How many of you want to like get more people buying from you? If you're somebody that says, Well, I just want to make an impact. I don't want to have anybody buying from me. I'm going to ask you politely to leave the session right now. Because even though I invested so much into paid ads to have you here, I don't want you in my space. If you're somebody that only wants to make an impact, and doesn't want to make money, and you say, well, I care more about people than making money. You will not get any value from me today. Okay, so I'm coming right out the gate with that. Because what I promise you today is I'm going to show you how to make money with pay, you can't run paid advertising, and then not make money because you're paying money to run a paid ad. And so where's that money coming from? Right? Are you are you conning people into donating it to you with GoFundMe? And then you're just Yeah, see, we've already lost some people, which is awesome. I'm glad. I'm glad they're not on here. Because honestly, that type of energy cannot exist in my space. I charge $30,000 to work with me. And I don't say that to brag. I say that to really put a value on what this time is together. Okay. So this past month, in my business, my wife and I, we brought in $160,000. In our business and sales, using paid advertising, we spent $1,500 in paid ads. And it brought it brought that in, which is awesome. So some of you say the chat is disabled, there is actually no chat. Oh, wait, there is a chat. Let's turn the chat on. Let's do this. Awesome. Let me know if the chats working for everybody. Is the chat working? Let me know go go into the chat. Boom. Y'all got to chat. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. That's awesome. Awesome. All right. Like I said, this is an interactive session. And so if you if you want to make 20 to $40,000 a month, and listen, having an impact from that, it flows out of that. But if you're just somebody that says hey, I just want to help people, I don't want to make no money. I don't want to make no profit. Okay, that's fine. That's your prerogative, if you want to break even I'll show you how to do that as well. We have a number of ministries and clients that are actually nonprofits that we show them how to basically they spend every dollar that comes in to to amplify their impact. They're not making a profit, they're just making enough to pay for their staff. And that's it. I'm going to show you and you can literally turn the lever, it's like it's like a dial. It's like a it's like a volume. Have you ever in your car, you got 123456789 and you're able to turn the lever to determine how much money you want to make, right? A lot of my nonprofit clients, they'll be right here, okay, they don't want to make a bunch of profit. They're spending all of the money that they're bringing in. But here's what I tell them. And I tell them all of this is I don't I understand that. I want to honor the fact that you're a nonprofit, but you need to increase your revenue. If you can reach 200,000 people by playing small and you can reach 2 million people. By increasing your revenue. Why wouldn't you do that? And the only reason why people won't do that is honestly it's related to their mindset about money. It's related to how they think about money. It's related to deeper issues than anything else. Okay. And so, I need you. First off if you're on here today, if you're watching this, I made sure strategically to disqualify anybody from being on this call. Who is not a good fit for this training? Okay. How did I do that? Well, the words that I use when you sign up coaches, course graders, mentors and trainers, if that's not you, please leave this call. You're not going to benefit from anything I'm talking about. Authors is fine. That kind of ties in all three of those. If you want to just make five to 10,000 a month you don't want to make 20 to 40,000 Please leave this call. Okay? If you are a ruthless perfectionist, this isn't for you. Here's the thing. You're probably appalled by the fact that I'm wearing a backwards hat and a streetfighter shirt if you're a ruthless perfectionist, because of the unprofessionalism, and the sheer gall and Audacity that I have to show up. As my authentic self, it offends you, as to how disrespectful that I am with how I'm dressed, and that somebody who's teaching how to make a half a million dollars, if they actually had credibility would never dress that way. And in fact, the fact that I'm dressed this way you think, proves that I'm incompetent. Now, I know that most of you aren't thinking that but there is a small percentage you want to know want to know how I know that I actually had a guy write me on my social media yesterday. And tell me that in a public comment, he he said that my hat on backwards, I posted it right here, your hats on backwards, and he says, Well, I assumed you didn't know or you want to change it, so you don't look like a prat. And a prat is somebody who is incompetent and an idiot. And I said, here's the truth, I don't care. I look, anybody who is concerned with how I look at an ad isn't going to be a customer, anybody who's concerned with how I look today, and thinks that that lowers my level of credibility, as is just not a good fit to work with me. And yes, I'm cocky. And yes, I'm going to and yes, I'm, according to most people very arrogant.

[266:45] Speaker 0: Because I've been in the trenches for years doing this, okay.

[269:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, and I tell people, I don't need to prove myself to you and all that. But I know that there's some people on here we haven't met yet. So just a little bit about my background. I got into the online course and mentorship space 19 years ago, working for a lady and her husband. Their names were Danny Johnson, Danny johnson.com. And they taught personal development to network marketers, and direct sales business owners, on how to get more clients. Okay, so this was my start. And I was the video editor in their business. So like, I wasn't, I wasn't making $160,000 a month as a video editor. Right. I haven't been making that much for 19 years, but I've been in the industry for 19 years as an insider, knowing all of the insider secrets, seeing all of the ups and downs through the 2008 recession. We're going into another recession right now. And I'm here to tell you this, it's the best time for coaches and course creators. It's the best time for people that want to make money online. Some of you are saying, hey, there's no video, I can't show my video. So this is an interactive training, where you can ask me questions, and I'll ask you questions. And we'll be doing some polls and you can chat and you can post stuff like that. But you're not gonna be able to actually come up on video, if you want to come up, come up on video, and ask me questions. Again, that's what the VIP is for. So the VIP upgrade and gives you access to ask me questions live on video after this session. Okay. It's only $7, you get access to all five of these bonus trainings, finding your niche, creating your lead magnet, writing your video ad script. This is a training taken from my high level Facebook ads course on how to create effective Facebook ads. And then this is all about funnel building as well as PDFs help you do that it's seven bucks, we're gonna hop in a zoom session after this together, it's another Zoom Room, it's another link. If you sign up for the VIP, I already sent you a link to it, I'm gonna send you another link in an email. If you don't have that link, right to my client care. And we will send you the link to the to the VIP zoom link. And in that you'll be able to come up and ask me questions. With video. Some of you have also asked me you've written in Jeremiah, I bought the VIP from two of your other events. Do I get this one for free? No, it's on a per event basis. If I offered you for $7 to have unlimited lifetime access to ask me questions on all of my events, I wouldn't have a business. So I mean, let's be real here. You need to start thinking like a business owner. And some of those questions come from a place of people don't know how business actually works. They don't understand profit. And they really think that everything should be given away for free. They really think that everything should be cheap because if it's cheap, then it would help most people the truth is That's the furthest thing from the truth. The reason why I charge $7 is because those people who upgrade to the VIP that are on the VIP, they're going to actually get the most out of this training. And everybody else is what I consider looky Loos, time wasters, tire kickers, if you haven't signed up for my VIP, you're essentially telling me that you're on this list right here. You're essentially telling me that you're somebody who thinks they know it all already. Somebody who thinks that everything should be given away for free, somebody who loves to learn and accumulate knowledge, but refuses to actually take action. This is just This is just the data I'm telling you this, from 19 years of working in this business, is that when people want everything for free, and get angry and pissed off, that they have to spend $7, to get access to bonus trainings, they are on this list. They kick around ideas, but never do anything. They hate their boss Looking for a way out. They hate hard work and want a lottery ticket. They're just complainers and whiners that take issue with hard work. And so by those that haven't upgraded to VIP, you're you're essentially telling me that that this is you. And that's fine. And you can be here. And that's great. And you can glean from this. But for those of you that are that are on here, this is who this is really for those that are willing to take action on a plan that's given to them. Those that are willing to take their life and their business to the next level. Those who have a vision for where they're going. Those that are teachable and willing to learn new skills, those who want to make six and seven figures in their business. And this one is honestly what I think

[349:29] Speaker 0: is the most important because I can't work with somebody who does, it doesn't fit this.

[351:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Somebody wants to build a business with honesty and integrity. That's the that's the supreme most important thing to me. Because what I'm going to show you, what I'm going to teach you today is what helps my client Rick Pino make over a million dollars a month with his worship coach brand. We worked with him for four years, from zero to a million dollars a month teaching people how to write worship songs and get them published. This is what this is the information that has helped my mom, some of you might not realize that she's my mom, because I advertise but some of you know that that she is. My mom, Sandy Krakowskie is what helped her build her business. And now her stocks business to multiple eight figures over $20 million. And that's that's part of my story. So I was working for Danny Johnson, I helped put together these these products, these trainings, right. And we were and we were working together. For a number of years, I helped develop this training right here. I just realized, am I am I actually sharing the screen? Is the screen actually being shared? Yes, it is awesome. I'm glad that the screen is actually being shared. This is cool. This is really cool. Okay, this is I'm actually I'm trying a new approach for how I do these presentations. And so I'm glad that it's working. I'm glad that it's actually working for everybody, which is awesome. Somebody says it's blurry, but it's there. Okay, now that's fine. Um, let me pull this over into this screen right here. And let me pull up the zoom. And then I'm gonna I'm gonna share this screen right here. There we go. Perfect. Can you see the screen? Yeah, so I helped create the video products right here for Danny. And then I started working with my mom. And we built and scaled her business to over over $20 million together. I was the interim CEO of her company. A lot of you might not know that, from 2015 until 2018 and helped build a recurring revenue stream for her over $20 million in her business. And to this day, her business is still making money off of those efforts. And so yes, my mom is a rockstar, but I'm gonna toot my own horn a little bit here because my mom has given me permission to do that. I don't mean to disqualify. I'm not trying to like disqualify her. Some of y'all might hear me as I'm dishonouring my mother by saying this, or I'm disqualifying her. Her and I built that business together. Okay, and I wrote the copy and the emails and ran the ads and created the offers that helped scale that business to $20 million. Okay. So what you're getting from me is you're getting the behind the scenes of what we did with that business, which by the way, how we built that is no longer how I would build a business today. It's not how we're building this business. How we built and scaled Rick pinos business is a lot closer to that. And we did that all with paid advertising. So the average budget that we ended up spending now on paid ads is about 10,000 to $20,000, and paid ads per month. Okay. 10,000 to $20,000 in paid ads per month. Now, you might say, Jeremiah, I don't have that I don't even have that open on a credit card. Here's what's cool. Every single business, my business, every single client that we worked with, you know, some of you saw some of the testimonials on the on the on the page. Every single client that we worked with, built and scaled their businesses using the same five to $10, a day budgeting approach that I'm going to teach you here, okay. And so clients like Joshua Giles, over $150,000 a month in his business, started with just $300 a month and ads $300 a month and ads. And I mentioned that on this page. Right here. I actually wrote this down right here. That the budget that you need is about $300 a month in paid ads to get results. Okay. So most of our clients when they're starting out, they are investing about $200 in software. And, and that's up for debate, like what platform should you use, I recommend Squarespace and think if ik MailChimp and Zapier and then we use a tool called jasper.ai. So jasper.ai is an artificial intelligence engine that allows us to write all of our ad copy all have our offer copy with artificial intelligence. And I'm an affiliate of theirs, I just have to log into my affiliate account to actually get the link. You can get a free trial of Jasper. I'm going to show you how we use it to actually write our paid ads to how we actually come up with this so that you don't lose money running your ads. Because I don't want you to be losing money. How many of you don't want to lose money running your ads? How many of you want to make money when you're investing this $300 Here's the truth, most of you are probably going to invest your 300 and you're gonna make back 300 and breakeven. If you're breaking even, I would do that all day long. And optimize for it to make a profit because you're essentially playing with house money. You're not actually expending anything but your time. Okay. And so that's the first stage that I have everybody start with when they run paid ads.

[462:31] Speaker 0: Try to break even on that $300 a month for the run $300 for an ad campaign. They'll bring in maybe 200 to $300

[467:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to know the biggest reason why most people lose money with their paid ads. It has nothing to do with the lack of strategy has nothing to do with the lack of knowing how to use the platform. It has everything to do with the fear and worry of things not going their way and needing certainty needing a guarantee. Okay. And I'm here to tell you just to shoot straight with you that that need for things to go your way to be so attached to the outcome is killing your business. You have to detach from the outcome You have to completely be willing to put your paid ads out there and be willing for them to not bring in any money. And this is about where I lose people because people get pissed off that I said this guess what, if you get pissed off by the fact that I'm telling you the truth by Felicia, like, if you if you hang out with me, if you if you go through my trainings, if you upgrade to the VIP and you get those bonus trainings, and you actually go through them, I am giving you the exact path and formula that has produced seven and eight figures in my business, in my clients businesses. But if hearing the truth, shuts your brain down, and you're not willing to explore anything else, that is a certain sign that we will not work well together. Okay. Part of the reason why people don't make money with their paid advertising is because they are what we call a pleaser. You're trying to please everybody, your friends, your family, yourself. And here's the thing. I think that doing what lights you up, and what makes you happy all the time, is a superpower in business. And I want all of you to be the happiest people in the world all the time. If you were raised like I was, and listen, I love I love my mom, we've healed and we've grown but I grew up in a very abusive home. very toxic home. I was not allowed to have a voice. I did not have permission to ask questions. In our house. It was total obedience or disobedience and disobedience was as witchcraft. And I was punished and beaten for not pleasing my parents constantly. Okay. That's how I grew up. Therapy is a great thing. It has changed my life, and has made me not care about pleasing anybody. And that's one of the first things that you might be saying Jeremiah get to the get to the damn topic of running ads already. That mindset is going to keep you stuck. If you're if you're on here, we're 30 minutes in and you're upset that I haven't talked about running ads, and I'm talking about mindset.

[532:08] Speaker 0: Please leave the call. Okay. All right. I'll give you some time to do so.

[534:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because nothing I say from here on out is going to help you unless you work on this. Now, here's the thing I want to tell you, if you're still here,

[538:28] Speaker 0: I want to congratulate you. You are amazing. You are absolutely incredible. You are the cream

[540:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: of the crop. You are somebody that has qualified themselves by being here. 30 minutes into this training, whether you're watching the recording or your own lives, as somebody who has what it takes to be successful because you're willing to embrace what's uncomfortable. You are a winner. And I want you to start congratulating yourself as a winner every single day. I want you to start giving yourself a high five. Even when you make a mistake, even when you mess up even when people get angry at you and I want you to start to make space in your life for what's uncomfortable. We have to stop doing two things trying to please people and we have to stop on it punishing ourselves we have to stop punishing ourselves. For me. I was trained that any mistake I made if I lost money in ads, I beat myself up if a campaign didn't perform beat myself up. And what this trains us to do Is that we won't even launch. Because we can't guarantee that it's going to please people. And we don't want to punish ourselves. And so when we come to the table of actually recording a video ad, creating a video ad, and running it out there in the marketplace, our brain literally tells us stop sign Alert, alert, alert, I am incapable of doing this, because I'm too afraid, because I don't want to experience the pain of not pleasing people. And I don't want to experience having to go through and live through punishing myself. So the reason why most people then struggle to run their ads is they're focused on trying to do all the right things. They're trying to avoid making mistakes, they're trying to avoid losing money. Now, I would never recommend, it'd be really dangerous. If I recommended that you purposefully intentionally try to lose money, don't

[576:59] Speaker 0: don't do that, right. None of us are going to try to do that. But you have to be willing to take a risk. And you have to be willing to put an ad out there.

[581:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: That it may or may not resonate. Because it's all just a big experiment. It's all just a big test run all the people that you're running ads to, or just little guinea pigs, you guys are all just little guinea pigs to me. That's how I see it. I'm doing a test, a beta test on everybody that I run ads to every single time I run ads, and then we look at the data and we analyze, okay, what kind of response are we getting. And so this is called direct response marketing. And for those you that might know, his name is Dan Kennedy. He wrote, I think over 70 books all about direct response marketing. And I base most of what I teach off of, in some way, Dan Kennedy's content, my mom was coached by Bill Glazer and Dan Kennedy, I've listened to all of his books. And I'm telling you, if you if you if you want to get really freakin good

[597:24] Speaker 0: at building your coaching business, or getting more clients, you need to start reading Dan Kennedy stuff. The Ultimate Sales Letter

[600:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: is all about creating a landing page that people want to sign up for. And so here's the thing, here's what separates ads that work from those that don't, you're ready to actually get into some of the strategy here. I'm sure some of y'all are tired of me talking about this mindset and ready for me to actually talk about the real stuff and stop wasting your time. Otherwise, I'm gonna have to hop on a free call with you. Like my free $30,000 guarantee y'all, if y'all didn't see that, by the way, I'm dead serious. Like this, this ain't no joke. I have had so far to people in the last month take or the last six months, take me up on this. And I've given it to them. My $30,000 I will not waste your a minute of your time guarantee. No, I'm not gonna give you $30,000 in cash. But that's how much I charge to coach you. And so if you go through this event, and you feel like I've wasted even one minute of your time, write me and I will personally hop on a call with you for free to help you create a unique, irresistible offer. And that's what I do for people. That's what people hire me for. That's what people work with before is to help them create their irresistible offer that people sign up for. Okay. So we're gonna get into that into the actual content. Creating an ad, and particularly li a video ad is not enough, okay. And video ads, you can run those on tick tock. You can run them on Twitter, we're actually starting to test Twitter now. Twitter has changed how their algorithm is it's a lot closer to Facebook and Instagram in the last month. And so we're gonna start testing more on Twitter, because we're, I think we're gonna start seeing a better result with that on Facebook, and on Instagram. And you could also do YouTube, I'll tell you this. I have no experience in running YouTube ads. We've built all of our businesses without even doing YouTube ads, and I think we'll start to dabble in them this next year. But like that's a testament to and if you came here wanting to learn YouTube ads, go check out our Rick hack. He's a good YouTube ads guru. He'll teach you how to do that. allra CAC is the the guru to the gurus when it comes to YouTube. I've never met him but I know that I know that I know that like he is the YouTube ads guru. I need to go through some of his training Getting in and start to check out YouTube ads, who knows, it might literally be the biggest unlock for my business that I haven't even checked out yet. But yeah, he's he's on here, honestly, I feel like him and I would probably get along, if we hung out too, we, we kind of have a similar type of personality. So you had never met him before. But everybody speaks really highly of him. When it comes to YouTube ads, here's the thing,

[646:05] Speaker 0: I want you to get what you came here for. Okay? It's not enough to just run a video at your video ad is not your offer.

[649:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: What you actually need and so when you run an ad, you're sending people to a landing page. And this landing page might have a graphic at the top of it and might have some copy. And it'll have a forum where people sign up with their name and email address, for a free offer a free eBook, a free report, a free training, something like that. Every single one of you here, signed up for one of those with me, that's what this is. This is this is literally it's my landing page right here. Okay. And I'm making a promise to you how we do this without grinding the DMS all day, without doing slimy sales tactics, without needing to get on Discovery calls. I don't get on any discovery calls. And we close 10 to 20k packages without getting on Discovery calls. I don't pressure anybody to buy from me Listen, I would rather you not become my customer than me have to push you through the door. That's a big part of my strategy. And some of you are saying Jeremiah, I'm not that good at sales. I don't know how to sell. I'm going to give you a resource that I'm not going to give it to you but I'm going to tell you about it. Because it's not my resource. I am working on a resource that is a competitor to it, because I've been dialing this in even better for coaches but it's the next best thing to me making something is the book The Way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort. Okay, and so Jordan Belfort Listen, he's, he's crazy. He's a party boy, Crazy guy. I don't condone his lifestyle. It's not really a lifestyle that I would live. But I'm telling you if you want to know the most ethical way of selling to people without having to pressure anybody, without having to be slimy or sleazy this book is the blueprint for that. And the idea behind it is this. This is what makes your ads actually work. You want to attract hot prospects? What defines a hot prospect? Well, according to Jordan, a hot prospect is this fine as you all are like this dude's reading out of a book. And he had to sign up for something that we could have just read in the book. You betcha. Because why wouldn't I. So a hot prospect is defined as somebody who I don't know where it is in the book, but I'll paraphrase it is somebody who is actively looking for what you're offering. They don't need to be convinced. They just need to know that you can deliver on what they're looking for. Okay. They don't need to be pressured to do anything, they're already sold on the thing you're selling, they just need to be sold on buying it from you because they're already going to be buying it from somebody else. And that's the model that we use for everything. We only ever work with hot prospects. And we have created a system that is strategic to be able to attract top prospects and repel everyone else. This is why having FOMO and the fear of missing out is the worst thing that you can have. The fear of not impacting people trying to be all things to all people trying to help everybody trying to please everybody,

[714:32] Speaker 0: okay? Because you're going to end up attracting people that will waste your time.

[718:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Want to know how I define a time waster is somebody who doesn't spend money with me? I made a posted on my social media that people got really pissed off about, I said, I don't, I don't spend my time with anybody who isn't paying the money or isn't directly impacting my income. And people are like, well, there's so much more to money, there's relationships, and I'm like, Listen, my family's here, my wife is having a baby in three weeks. Of course, I spend time with my family and go on vacations and, and I love shutting things down, and being able to be present with my loved ones. Like that's not what I'm talking about. When I'm talking about as in business, I do not concern myself with anybody who's not actively spending money with me. Which is why even the VIP it's only seven bucks. But it is it shows me that you are a qualified person. It shows me that you are closer to the hot prospect category for my business. Okay. And here's the thing, I'm not going to sell you anything at the end of this y'all my your like, what is he leading up to? What is he going to sell sell us, I'm actually not going to sell you anything, which is awesome. I have nothing to sell you today at all. You want to attract hot prospects with your ads, and you want your ad to simultaneously repel everyone else. That's why I show up and do a presentation with my hat on backwards and a streetfighter t shirt. Because I know that the person who is not going to waste my time is going to have a problem with this outfit. Okay, I know that the person who's going to waste my time is going to have a problem with how many notification emails that I send them. I know that the person who's gonna waste my time is going to be pissed off by the fact that I talked about mindset for the first 30 minutes of a training. You got to understand that this is strategic. And so what this does is this effectively drives your cost of ads down by almost 90%. And we've tested this multiple times over is that our profit margins go up, the more we repel the wrong prospect. The more that we stop trying to please everybody. And we focus solely on those that we can help the best. So immediately in my offer, from the moment somebody sees it. I'm qualifying them. I want to work with somebody who wants to run paid ads, if you're not willing to run paid ads. We're not going to do well together. And I was attracting a lot of people that didn't want to run paid ads. And so I'm like, Okay, perfect. Let's make sure that we talked about running paid ads. I want to find somebody who wants to make 20 to 40k a month I used to have my offer, say 10 to 30k. And I was attracting a lot of people that weren't serious. So I bumped it up to 20 to 40k. Because I want to disqualify anybody who wants to make less than 20k a month. I want to piss them off, I want them to not want anything to do with me.

[776:40] Speaker 0: And if you're not able to do that, if you are averse

[779:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you're trying to make everybody happy. If you're a pleaser, who's trying to please everybody your paid ads will lose so much money. Your advertising campaigns will lose so much money. Here's why. Because what we do is we create what are called look alike audiences. Okay, so a look alike audience is based off of behavior. And so when when we run our ads, the sheer act of somebody upgrading to the VIP, it fires the Facebook pixel. And I'm gonna go and I'm going to show you how to set all that up

[793:16] Speaker 0: here in the next half. It fires the Facebook pixel that's why we needed two hours together

[796:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: and says this person upgraded to a VIP and Facebook gives me the ability to tap into their artificial intelligence Say okay, Facebook, go find me. All the people that are on your platform, Instagram, go find me all the people that are on your platform Tiktok go find me all the people that on your platform, YouTube, Twitter, go find me all the people that are on your platform that are similar to those that are in my VIP that have upgraded to VIP. And so what ends up happening is we create a bucket of people that are similar in what websites they visit, how they interact with social media, what their friends in them talk about. See, here's the thing, y'all don't realize how much information these social media platforms know about you. It's kind of scary. And so you actually have to make peace with the fact that you are directing people's attention using artificial intelligence. To do this. It's not complicated, I'm telling you, it's not complicated at all. You don't need to understand technology or coding to do this. When you set up a page like this and people go and they sign up for your event

[825:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: the Facebook pixel fires look at it says a lead. And so the lead this means that this person is now tracked in my Facebook platform, as somebody who signed up for a training with me. And so what Facebook allows me to do is it allows me to create a bucket of all the leads and all the VIPs and the AI creates a look alike audience. It will go out there and find about 10 to 20 million people that are similar to who became leads into who signed up for my VIP. As this gets even more specific, right because I have a coaching program. Right now my coaching program, the doors are actually closed on it, you actually can't even sign up for it. Our group coaching program, you can get on the waiting list. It's over here at my website. And we have courses that you get access to in here about every single topic of building your coaching business. We got email marketing, the fun way we got funnel launch fast track, we got funnel building made easy for Squarespace. Squarespace is the lowest cost platform. It's way cheaper than click funnels and I walk you through how to use it to build your business we got copywriting mastery, what to say to people to buy from you. We have a brand new Facebook and Instagram made easy for total beginners course. It's an eight hour course because I had to take eight hours to teach all of this but I go through slow enough through the process that anybody can follow it we got website building made easy it's a complete Squarespace overview social media ads that work tick tock ads Made Easy offer Launchpad, virtual event playbook. You get access to all the virtual events and the VIPs of of the different events that I that I'm doing. You get those for free, you get the recordings of all of them right here. And these are full college level trainings that I get people for free. You get access to irresistible offers that sell my flagship course where I walk you through how to create offers that people can't say no to social media content creation for organic content. You get the Start Here training easy course Creation Blueprint. If you've never created a course before I walk you through how we create courses in less than seven days. You also get the monthly trainings archive the monthly training archive. This is the private training that we do with our clients that are in the client growth accelerator. And so we have a number of amazing beautiful people that are on here. Some of you all are in the chat right now you're on the you're in the client growth accelerator. Where am I CGA people that let me know let me know in the comments if you're if you're in the client growth accelerator, and how many of y'all have been impacted by the client growth accelerator? And how many of you would recommend that if somebody has a course quitter a coach, a trainer or a mentor? That they get on the waiting lists for when we open the doors next year. Because we're not letting any new people in until next year, okay? You can go find it on my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com, jump on the waiting list, get on the waiting list. That way, when we do open the doors, you're going to be able to tap into the momentum of what you're learning today. And you're going to be able to start to see better results in your business. I believe that we actually have the best coaching program on the planet, when it comes to support and accountability. And we have the best courses. And I don't say that to brag, I say that because there's a lot of really crappy coaching programs out there. And I get that. And they don't serve people with up to date information. And so here's our Facebook group where we meet, we have 150 members right now about 135 in the group. And people can literally post you can post your offers your wins, you can post what you're selling, you can post what you're struggling with what you're dealing with. We got people doing their their events, we got people sharing how much money they're making, in their coaching business. I want to just brag on one of our clients here real quick. So Emma Dixon, actually jumped in to the client growth accelerator. And she made this post right here about her results using what we teach with paid ads. And I'm like, okay, hold up, hold up. So you mean to tell me you sold 7500 to 9000 pounds in business with just $656.84 in adspend. She literally made a six figure level income, just spending 656 pounds, put that on her credit card, and was able to make that by just being in the program. I think she's been in the program, maybe three months. Okay, this is Nathan Iverson. He's actually somebody who's been working with us. To date, he has had 100 $800,000 on his balance sheet in his business. And we're working with them, to consult him to build his offers out, I'm actually working with him. He came through our coaching originally. And now we're working with him as part of his team to help build his funnels to write his copy to run his ads to create results. My team is working with him to be able to do that. And so I'm just saying that, that there's some of you on here, I want you to consider. Like I said, I got nothing to sell you. But here's the truth we're selling all the time, right? I want you to realize that you're always persuading all the time. Every activity that you do, you're persuading your your spouse for what you want, you're persuading your kids for what you want, you're persuading all the time. And so I would hope that why do I do these free events. Truthfully, it helps my funnel, because I know that sometime, eventually, if you're a good fit for my program, and you want to start making 20 To 30 to $40,000 a month and you want that support, and then accountability that she'll jump on the waiting list and you'll and you'll jump into the client growth accelerator program when we open the doors to it. How much is the client growth excited and we haven't landed on the price because we're gonna raise the price to it. But it's under $3,000 a year. It's under three grand a year for people to join our group coaching program, and we offer no interest in house financing, you don't need a credit check for 12 months, so it's less than $250 a month. If you want to as well we have what's called coach financing. And you could actually take out a loan and they will fund you the amount for the program. And you can have payments as low as 40 bucks a month and pay it out over the course of 60 months and you got to have that goes on your credit you got to do a credit check. It's you need at least a 590 credit score. Your your income needs to be at least over $35,000 A year and you need to not have a bunch of credit taken out already. We and they offer interest rates as low as 5.99% Couple people got 17% This last week, one of our clients sign up for one on one coaching with us this past week and got I think a rate of 7% on one on one coaching and so you're able to actually take out a loan, a business loan it's a it's a non personally guaranteed backed personal loan. It's backed by For me, it's backed by the integrity of my business. It's backed by the integrity of our product. So these banks have actually vetted us and looked at us and said, Okay, Jeremiah has a good track record. He's helping people, we our return rate is below. Point 00 1%. We have a customer satisfaction rate of 99.99%. Okay. And a big reason why is I'm going to go back to this. A big reason why is because I repel. I don't want you to join my program, if it's not a good fit for you, I am not going to come across as desperate, I'm not trying to make you happy. I'm not here to make you happy. I'm here to make you rich, I'm here to make you a ton of money. I'm here to show you the blueprint of what it actually takes to make the kind of money that you want to make. And so by repelling people or doing that, we're able to drive down our costs for advertising, and crank up our profit margins. Okay? And so we use the lookalike audiences on Facebook to do this, I'm gonna walk you through how we set up the pixel, how we set the look alike audiences and then what the best video ads are. Okay? So the best video ads

[985:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: are what connect emotionally with a prospect within the first 10 seconds. Your your target customer is making decisions every single day. When they see you on social media, they're making an eye and I'm not I'm I feel like I'm jumping ahead a little bit telling you this, but but just go with me here, okay? When somebody is scrolling on Facebook, when somebody is scrolling on social media, they see an ad your prospect is making a split second decision within three seconds if they want to read your ad, right. And then within 10 seconds, they're making a decision if they want to listen to what you have to say, and they want to read your ad, here's an ad right here. This is actually one of my competitors. In business, he kind of teaches us very similar thing that I do. Um, he's got really good copy really great, great offer. And so people who see this ad are making a split second decision, whether it's for them or not. And so what you're dealing with is you're dealing with a a timeline of so this is them scrolling right here. And there's a three second window for you to get their attention for them to, to trust that and so you're literally how do you build trust in three seconds? Jordan Belfort talks about it Jordan Bell for what did he call it, call it or second,

[1018:17] Speaker 0: the four second rule. The first four seconds. I'm actually gonna pull this up. He's really good at this.

[1020:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's your tonality. It's your body language. And it establishes you as somebody who's worth listening to. Like this right here is literally this one post from Jordan from 2013. I'm telling you, he's brilliant. He's He's literally one. He's the best salesman of our generation. Like I said, this has nothing to do with NLP. It's about your body language. You're setting a first impression in that three seconds, okay. And you want to build trust in people that your sharpest attack that you can deliver on what you're saying, and that you're somebody worth listening to and you're trustworthy. And it's all in your tonality of voice and your body language. And so that's why sometimes we bake in to that repelling mechanism, such as me wearing a backwards hat, or a t shirt, because I also want those people within the first three seconds to disqualify me If I'm not a good fit for them, I've actually I've never taught this information this way before this is, I really feel like this group right here is pulling something out of me that I've never experienced. It's pulling something out of me that I've never experienced.

[1046:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So lucky you guys, right? In that first three seconds, somebody is either going to qualify or disqualify you and you want the right the wrong people to disqualify you that are not going to become your buyers. And you want the right people to qualify you to the point where now they have between 10 and 15 seconds to decide, am I going to listen to this ad? And am I going to read more of what they're saying? Right, let's go back to the let's go back to the ads. Here's another one, Aaron Fletcher. Another, here's the thing. I get ads for most of my competitors because I'm Funnel Hacking them constantly. So I'm clicking on all their ads. All my competitors basically have similar copy to what we're doing right? fastest way to generate ready to buy leads and sale like this is a great offer right here. It's killer. These guys are crushing it, making millions. Shout out to them. I don't know them. But I know from what I've seen there. They seem like a pretty good group of dudes. Cory Antoine, like to meet them someday, Aaron Fletcher. So when somebody sees Aaron's ad, when somebody sees Korean Taiwan's ad, they're making a split second decision. to disqualify and then get 10 to 15 seconds, to decide, am I going to actually give my attention to this? Because that's what you're doing, you're essentially pulling people's attention. So your ad, you want your ad to pull the attention of hot prospects only? And that's what drives the cost down? Is this is this making sense to you guys? Is this making sense as far as like, why not being a people pleaser is so important to this? Is this making sense as to why trying to help everybody is actually going to do you more harm than good? Because if you're attracting if you're getting people, okay, I'm gonna get real nerdy here. How many of y'all saw the social dilemma? How many of y'all saw the social dilemma on Netflix? If you have it, you need to watch it today. It explores the dangerous human impact of social media with tech experts sounding the alarm on their creations. And so they break down the science behind how the algorithm decides what ads to show you. It's based off of here's the thing you might say, why don't go to websites. I don't do anything with that. Right. But here's the thing, if I'm if I literally the algorithm is tracking me, if I'm, if I scroll to mark Hills ad, and I'm reading it, the algorithm is putting a checkmark next to me as somebody who is interested in that type of content. Simply by people scrolling on social media, even if they never liked or never comment on anything, the algorithm can tell that you are qualified or not. Okay. And so then when you create an ad, you want your copy the words that are in the ad right here. And you're creative because that's what ads are split up into two parts copy and creative. Here's the crazy part. Video Ads, convert three to four times better than graphic ads, running graphics. Now we will usually recommend that you run a graphic side by side with the ad and will usually say that that graphic will be this should be the same graphic that is at the top of your landing page. Okay, so like I ran this same graphic as an ad but the video ads are what get people's attention much better. And here's why there's in video ads. There's a mechanism that doesn't exist in graphic ads. It's called video views, percentage. And this is the biggest unlock that has changed our clients, businesses, video views percentage the algorithm is tracking. If I'm over here on Facebook and I see a video ad like this. And I watch through the video ad, the algorithm is tracking how what percentage I get through the ad. So what we recommend is that you make your video ads be at least 60 seconds 50 to 60 seconds is the sweet spot. But if you go over to like 70 to 90 seconds, it's fine. I would shoot for 60 seconds, but give yourself the grace to do 90 seconds. That's what makes great video ads. If somebody watches through 75% of your 92nd video ad. And you are strategically making sure to attract only hot prospects and repel everybody else. How just this is just a basic like logic question like I like just basic logic. Obviously, we can't read minds. And please don't get distracted right now please pay attention to what I'm talking about. Please pay attention to this. This is one of the most important parts of this training. If somebody watches through 75% of a video ad that's 90 seconds long. Just and you and you make sure that that video ad is repelling the wrong people and attracting the right ones. How certain can you be that those people who got at least 75% into the video are more qualified as hot prospects than somebody who only watched three seconds of your video ad.

[1160:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did you know that you can actually create audiences based off of who's only watched three seconds and tell Facebook don't show me those people don't show my ad to people similar to them and show my ads similar to those who watch 75% and the algorithm will create a bucket for you to show your ads to people this is why we say to run video ads so much. This is why we stress video ads more than anything else. Because you're able to tap into the algorithm faster than anything else by running a video ad. Okay, so how do we create our video ad? Well, there's a four part script system that we use to create our video ads and it it works every single time but there's a problem with it. So the problem with this is I can teach you the four part script and I can teach you to write ad copy but you're still gonna lose money on your ads. In fact, you're gonna go broke and so this is this is more of a sobering thing for me. Yeah, is a lot of people come to me looking to show them how to do video ads, because they believe that it's the ticket to their success. When the problem actually is not the ad itself. It's not how they have the ad set up even how they have the ad set up is tied to this. But it's not it doesn't have much to do with the technical aspects of anything. And I'm almost nervous to jump ahead on this to tell you it because Some of you. So here's the thing, I have a dilemma right now, this is my dilemma. Okay? I'll need you to actually, I'm going to need you to tell me which way you want me to go with this. I can teach you the technical aspects of setting up a video ad, recording it, writing the copy, setting up the pixel and launching it. Here's the problem with that. Here's the problem with that. Okay? If that's all that I showed you, and by the way, you can find all this on YouTube as well for free. If that's all that I showed you, I can almost guarantee that you're going to lose money. Without this missing component, right here. And, unfortunately, when I do a presentation like this, in the past, I've only ever talked about this missing component. And it pisses off a lot of people that I actually think would be good prospects and customers. And so here's what I want to ask you. Here's what I want to ask you. How many of you want to know what this missing component is? Before we go into this? Or how many of you want me to show you the tech stuff first, before I tell you the missing component. So tell me how many of you raise your hand, we got 44 people on here, raise your hand if you want to, if you want to know more about the missing component. Because here's the thing, if I show you all of this, without this, I can almost guarantee you're gonna lose money. So all right, now let's ask show of hands, how many you want to learn the tech stuff that you don't care? If you lose money? You just want to learn the technical side, you want to know the pixel, the launching, making the ad how to record it? What do you say? How do you write the copy? How many of you want to know this side of it? And you want me to maybe touch on the missing component at the end of the training? Raise your hands, raise your hand. So that's funny, we have 45 people on here, but only 20 People have actually raised their hands. So what is the other 25 of you doing? Like, like, are you I'm literally giving you the blueprint of what makes seven and eight figures. And yet half the people on here that are on live are literally checked out. are literally not even listening to anything I'm talking about. How does that? I mean, I mean, it doesn't and that's your prerogative, of course, right?

[1247:07] Speaker 0: How many, how many of you? How many of you want to know the missing component? Raise your hand, lower your hand, if you want the tech stuff.

[1249:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so the majority is they want to know the missing component. Okay, we got 20 We got about 30 people that are active on here. So about 30 people are active. The other, there's like 15 people that are checked out. Okay, that's about good. That's about average.

[1253:39] Speaker 0: So. So here's the missing component. I would, okay, those of you that want to learn the tech stuff.

[1256:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don't shoot me Don't shoot the messenger. I'm going to go over this. But I'm going to touch on this missing component first. Okay. And if you again, if you feel like I wasted your time, hit me up. I am literally willing to fall on a sword and do a one on one call with you for free. Because you feel that I did not bring you value on this training the way that you need it. Okay. Like write me and be like Jeremiah, you sucked. You You didn't deliver. Now I demand a zoom call. That's literally the messages I've gotten from people. And I'm like, great. Let's hop on a zoom call. It's awesome. Right? Okay, so the missing component. The missing component is. Actually knowing what people want. Most course creators and trainers and mentors. Know what they want to teach people. They know what they want to coach people on. But if you don't know what people actually want, and you don't know what your hot prospects want, you will lose a massive amount of money in your ads. How do you determine what pay People want with your offer. The offer is more important than the ad. Because you cannot out advertise a crappy offer. Because literally you're trying to show something to people that they don't even want. And I'm gonna say this, in my experience, a lot of people are in ordinarily arrogant about believing that they actually know what people want. I have only ever met 5% of the coaches, trainers and mentors that I work with already actually know what people want. They already have a proven offer, are you already making six figures with your offer? If that's the case, ads will be a great fit for you. And you just need to learn the ads. If you're only making about five to 10,000 You still don't even know what people want yet. No matter how much you think you do, I'm not trying to like I almost feel like I people could say that I'm gaslighting you telling you like I'm invalidating your beliefs. Listen, you've done the best, I want to honor you for that you've done the best that you can with the information that you know and your experience. I'm bringing 19 years of experience to the table for you of what actually works. And having coached 1000s of people over the years on running paid advertising and getting sales with their with their offers. And 95% of people do not that are coaches, it's different in E commerce, right? It's this is different in the agency world. This is different in the network marketing world. This is different even in the consulting world. This is why in the coaching and mentorship space, specifically 90 fibers and I'm talking I've worked with mentors that have been doing it for 20 plus years. But then they came online, thought they knew what their target customer wanted, lost a ton of money on ads, got pissed off, gave up. And they thought that just spending more money and making their ads better was going to work. I'm gonna actually one of my clients that we worked with and consulted that did that. And he did a great job. But it was and he's now a good friend of mine and they're doing great and he's making multiple seven figures, Georgie and ban off Georgie and ban off is good friends with some of the top leaders in the Christian space and we help him create his offers and run his copy and develop these events that are impacting people with the message that he has. But here's the thing. In the beginning, his message was great. But he didn't know what people actually wanted and his offers were terrible. They were not good. They were not connecting with people. They were not actually getting people to sign up for his his programs. They were not actually getting people to sign up. So what we started doing was testing out different offers by running these free five day challenges on different topics. Evangelism, leadership, joy, activating the supernatural healing. I'll tell you about half of these didn't do as well as we wanted but it allowed him to grow and he's doing I believe they're doing multiple millions just in their in their core sales. Over over 150k in revenue and then what they do is they actually pour that I love their model because they actually are a nonprofit. They pour that revenue into I work with them as as a gift to them. They they pour that revenue into

[1358:08] Speaker 0: their mission which is helping rescue try affect children and so they they that this is why they do what they do

[1363:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: they pay for orphanages around the world sorry, a bit choked up because I know that this message has set kids free from trafficking and I know that there are some of you on here right now that you want to make an impact and you want to make money with your ads because you want to impact the world. You're pissed off at what's going on with pedophilia and the Balenciaga thing, my mom, my mom burned $30,000 worth of Gucci because the parent company that owns Balenciaga has Gucci under them as one of their brands. And how does she make that money to be able to go out there and be a voice against pedophilia and against trafficking How is Georgia and bring in the kind of cashflow to be able to do that another one of our clients Wesley and Stacy Campbell that we worked with. They have their their be a hero ministries to help rescue kids from trafficking. And, and here's what's crazy, is these people were actually great teachers, before they worked with me, they had a great message, they were impacting people. But when they tried to run ads, they lost a lot of money, and it fell short. And that was money that could have gone and helped other people. And they were coming to me saying Jeremiah, can you just run more ads? Can you just do this, and I told them, I'm telling you, people don't want what you're offering them, people don't actually want that you got to actually connect with what they want and create an irresistible offer. And by us doing that, and by us tweaking and focusing on giving people more of what they want. We've been able to scale, multi million dollar coaching, and mentorship companies using paid advertising, we've gotten every single one of those clients through paid advertising. Not through an email list or an existing audience or even networking. We've gotten it all through

[1405:02] Speaker 0: paid advertising. Okay. But it starts with the offer because here's the thing, your video ad, what you actually say in the video ad is directly related to the offer that you're offering people.

[1410:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: What you say in the copy is directly related to the offer, that you're offering people. And so here's what here's what we do when we're creating an ad. First off, we create an offer an irresistible offer, that people actually want that they are actually telling us that they want. And they're there. They're qualifying themselves as a hot prospect, simply by engaging with us simply by getting into our ecosystem. And so by repelling the wrong people, by making sure and dialing in our messaging, we're able to be extremely, extremely confident that these offers are resonating with people. Now, I'm gonna go over the the tech stuff here in a second. But I want to tell you about something that I'm actually doing that's coming up in an in a next week. So I'm hosting a notice I'm hosting a free five day event called Launch your six figure coaching offer. Okay. And in this freed this free event, it's completely free. That's why I said I have nothing to sell you that you're gonna buy from me. But I do think if you're on here today, if you're watching this, you need to jump into this. And I'm going to tell you even if you can't watch live for all the five days, at least buy the recordings I'm going to give you until Monday to buy the recordings for 17 bucks. Okay. For this event, let me explain this to you though. So what we're going to do is we're gonna spend five days together are working on your perfect offer that will take your coaching business from zero to that realistic 20 to 40,000 per month how to bring in more sales with paid clients how to impact more people how to serve, and wow your clients how to watch the results show up faster than you ever dreamed of how to start leveling up as a coach, or course creator or mentor, how to get better results with your organic traffic your what happens is your organic gets better by doing this, how to make more sales from paid ads at a lower cost by actually following the system. Your offer is the number one thing that you need to dial in to make the ads work. And we're going to go over the tech stuff here in just a second. We're gonna work on in these five days how to develop your perfect offer, how to position it for maximum profit and impact. What do you actually say to get people to take your offer? What do you actually say to get them to buy from you? What are the words that you say we're going to help you script it all out? And then how do you put it on autopilot so that you only have to work five to 10 hours a week. So that you can raise a family so that you might have kids at home. And I have a new baby on the way. And a lot of the clients that I've worked with have kids. Rick Pino has five young or four, four, because three or four young kids I forget anyways, he built his business five to 10 hours a week using the system. How to put it on autopilot the easy way without being super technical, and how we're doing that. And I'm going to show you a little bit of that here today as well. And then ultimately how to reap massive financial rewards from your perfect irresistible offer. And so we're going to break down how to work only five to 10 hours a week in your business, the way to put it all together how to price it. So it's totally irresistible to your target customer. A complete step by step plan of how to sell your coaching and courses. This is completely free. And it's $1,000 value. By the way. How many of y'all have been through in the comments, some of my past five day events. And they were awesome, like posting the comments. Here's the thing, I do a college level not holding anything back training in these events. And I've never done this event before my past event was creating launch your six figure coaching business. This one is all about launching your six figure coaching offer. So we're gonna spend these five days laser targeted on what I've only shared with my high level paid VIP mastermind. If you're a part of this, okay. And so even if you're not ready to launch your offer yet, I'm going to show you the smartest way to get people to buy from you your coat your coaching, how to effortlessly close more sales, without being slimy or pushy. The best way of what's working right now, you can see the different testimonials of our clients completely free. And so I'll send you an email at the end of this. There's a link as well in the comments. To register. It's a free event. And I'd love to spend those five days with you. December 12 through the 16th. Now here's the thing that I'm going to tell you Okay, I am doing a sale from now. Until so if you register, I'm doing a sale only for the next 48 hours until midnight, Monday, December 5 fifth. So because this info is so valuable, it's a it's actually $197 For this VIP, what do you get with the VIP? You get five days of personal coaching with me. You get five days with me in a Zoom Room. We're going to spend that time together. Answering your questions going back and forth. And I'm excited. Those of you who got the VIP for this event. The one that we're doing right now, right? We're going to have that time to spend together as well. Here's how I priced this out. Somebody's like okay, I upgraded the VIP. I got your VIP on this one today. Jeremiah. Can I get $7 off of this one? No, you can't. Here's the thing. I think that it's fair that You're out of pocket $7 To get access to me today, and you get the recording of today's session, and you get all of these bonuses. Okay. I think that's fair. I also think it's fair that you spend an additional $17. If you want to join me for five days of coaching, five days of coaching, you get all the recordings of the five days. You can all the recordings of the pre training sessions, how many y'all love those pre training sessions, you get the recordings of the backstage pass, and you'll get five more additional bonus trainings, these are completely different than the five that you got for this one. So like this one, the $7, I gave you the finding your niche training, this is by the way has changed people's lives, finding your niche training, if you're stuck finding your niche, this will help you. So obviously, the $7 VIP is right there, you know the link to that you'll get those bonuses, seven bucks. Writing your video ad script is another whole training that I just went over on how to write your video ad script, I actually pulled the training from our high level coaching program to show you how to create effective Facebook ads, as well as the funnel building training as well as the six figure lead magnet training where I show you how to create your offer. So you get that at all the PDFs for seven bucks right here. Then you get the five days of coaching with me for the $7 $17. If you wait until after Monday, it's going to cost you more. Okay. Why do I do that? Why do you make cost more? Well, because y'all need some urgency to actually take action? Why are there Black Friday sale discount deals? Why does the Black Friday sale end at a certain time because people love it? I'm telling you, I tested this out for three years. I didn't put a deadline on anything. And I'm just like, it's just for sale. Literally 90% less sales when you actually put a deadline on it. And you actually do raise the price.

[1552:08] Speaker 0: You actually do what you're going to say. And it's not just a gimmick.

[1554:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: People tend to buy more from you. So he says are we going to be emailed this offer? Absolutely, yeah, you'll be emailed it. So you got until Monday, this coming Monday to grab it for 17 bucks. Otherwise, you have to pay more later. And you get the five bonus trainings is a brand new trading session that I'm actually recording here this weekend, I'm going into the studio and doing getting unstuck, to take massive action where I walk you through how to get unstuck and a foolproof strategy that's been working with my high end coaching clients that are taking them to seven and eight figures. You get the mindset Foundation's training for coaches and course creators, you get the seven figure up level coaching, training, where even if you're not ready to go to seven figures yet, have this in your back pocket, it's going to give you the blueprint of how to go to seven figures. Somebody says I'm the king of value. I love that I appreciate that. Because listen, I got I got haters that tell me that I don't deliver value. And I'm like you know what they don't care, whatever. You get the fun and freedom new stress free approach how to have fun in your business and not work within five to 10 hours a week. And this one's crazy. I'm giving you the offer Launchpad 2022 recordings, how many of y'all that are on here today, we're on the offer Launchpad. And you know that that was crazy. I'm giving y'all the recordings of that for 17 bucks it's an eight day high level coaching training that breaks down the nuances of what actually gets your, your offer lots, sure you're gonna get five days of personal coaching with me, along with all of the trainings for just 17 bucks if you grab that VIP, so I think that that's a great deal. If you want to create offers that actually connect and actually convert to people, I think this is the best deal that exists right now out there. Most people we're going to be charging for this next year. Most people who teach something like this, at this level, charge 47 to $97 for it. So what I decided to do is say you know what? I'm going to undercut the whole market and make it free. And it's going to be better than any other training that's out there.

[1592:32] Speaker 0: It is five days together. It's going to be better than any other training that's out there

[1594:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: to help you create and launch your perfect offer and then scale it to that 20 to $40,000 per month level. So I can't wait to see you on there. Now. Let's dive into getting your ads going right. Let's dive into this. Once you have your offer developed, what I like to do is I If I take the copy from my offer, right, because you actually have to write this copy, you actually have to write these words out. These words matter. And so we take them and we pull them into jasper.ai. Okay? And we're gonna go over in detail, how do you actually write copy like this for an offer? How do I write I wrote this, I wrote this sales page last night. And created this offer last night before bed, literally came up with the idea last night, put it on this page. Last night before bed, you're here seeing it, we created it in less than 24 hours. The system that we use allows you to come up with an idea for your offer and launch it within 24 hours and start to get clients into your business. Okay. And it all hinges on the copy that you're writing. So the copy is these words, this language. And we have what we call a six step approach. How many of my CGA clients are working through the six steps, you all are working through the six steps, let's go where my six steps people

[1620:40] Speaker 0: at. So the six steps are what we call six steps to six figure success.

[1624:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we are literally going to break down those six steps during the training in this five day event. Okay, so the six steps are there. Step number one, you find your niche, you find your niche, you find your who is actually going to buy from you. And it's always about who first Then step number two is not mapping out your course it's not mapping out your coaching program, it's not recording your lessons, it's not creating your what you're going to sell No, no, not at all. It's writing your offer copy. And so I'm going to go over in the five day events, everything that has to do with writing Step number two, and then step number three is you create a landing page. Funnel. Okay, so the landing page funnel, and we're gonna go over building out your funnel in the five day event. So the funnel is where people actually go to so y'all are in my funnel right now. Y'all are in my funnel, some of y'all bought my Black Friday training. For 95, greatest deal I've ever done. So much value. And then y'all jumped into today's training in my funnel, get more paid clients. And I've mentioned to you my $30,000 one on one coaching. Okay. And by the way, if you want to, if you want to take, take me up on that, you can make payments as low as $579 a month and finance it for 60 months with our financing partner. Anybody can take out a loan for $30,000, just like you're buying a car and be able to work with me. And what do you get with that? Well, you get a whole year in the client growth accelerator, you get with you get an eight hour VIP day with me where we spend all day together, as well as two bonus follow up sessions. So this is a 90 day sprint, we're gonna spend that eight hours together initially. And then you get the two follow up sessions month two and month three after. So the 90 day sprint for $30,000. You get lifetime access to all of my courses. And you're grandfathered in at this rate if you want to buy additional coaching, because I'm going to be charging 50 to $100,000 for this package here next year. You can finance that you can jump in and all you got to simply do is put a deposit down we actually signed up nine people two weeks ago for our one on one coaching. Now it wasn't 30,000 When we did that it was 9600. So it's $9,600 and a bunch of people were able to take out loans and finance that that was which is awesome. And we're working with them through their business. So I've told you about like what I offer for coaching. I've told you about my group coaching you got to actually get on the waiting list. You get all the courses with that. I don't sell any of my courses anymore. So the only way to actually get access to any of my Flagship courses is you have to join the client growth accelerator. And I'm not even letting new clients right now, so you can get on the waiting list. So as part of my funnel, I'm telling you about all the stuff that I'm doing. And then I'm inviting you as a next step in my funnel to the five day intensive. So you got to write your offer, copy and build out your landing page and funnel. And then this is where your paid ads come in, is promoted. You end up this is step number four, you promote your funnel with a paid ad. Step number five is we analyze the results. We analyze the results together. And then step number six, this is the crazy part about step number six, is you actually repeat the whole process back at step number one, and you go down the list 12345 and six, this six step process, is how we scaled Rick pinos business to over a million dollars a month. Because after you analyze the results, you're going to tweak and change your niche and your offer copy just a little bit. How many of y'all that are in client growth accelerator are starting to see how I apply this. Y'all are starting to see how my offers are changing. Y'all are starting to see how the language and the angle that I'm taking in my offers is changing is. This is like a massive download, I think for for my paid clients. Because you guys are actually seeing exactly what it is. Yeah, Lila is one of my one my one. One of my one on one clients. Yeah, so the six steps are finding your niche. If y'all got the VIP for this, you got the finding your niche training, writing your offer copy, landing page funnel, so I show you how to create your lead magnet, you got that training in the VIP. I'll show you how to create the offer copy. We got how to what should you say in your ad, we got the video ad script that you get in that VIP so I break down how do you script that ad out? Then I break down in the VIP How do you like launch your ad? How do you actually build out an ad? How do you actually write the ad copy? What I'm gonna go over now for until kind of the end of our time here is? How do you actually put that out there? How do you launch it? How do you promote it, analyze the results, and then circle back around to the top? And then I'll be able to answer your questions live in the VIP. Hopefully this has brought you some value today. Hopefully, that's you've learned a whole lot. And hopefully you're not just going to take what you learned. But you're actually going to apply it and start to get results. Okay? Because I want to see you win, I want to see you become so rich, that you can take down child traffickers, that you can go out there and buy whatever you want, that you can have the kind of impact that you want to have on the world around you. And so by being in here today, and by jumping into the five day intensive, where we break down how to develop that perfect offer, how do we develop these six steps? How do we position them for maximum profit? How do you actually get people to say yes to it. See, that's one of the most important steps. And it's going to take the five days to actually show you how this works. Okay. Again, it's totally free. So don't shoot the messenger, maybe you're on today and you're like, Man, I really like wanted to get to that. So I'm giving you five more days for free with me. Sometimes we even do bonus days as well for free. I'll add if I feel like there's more I need to add, I'll add two or three more even bonus days. So you you're gonna have so much interaction and value with me

[1745:25] Speaker 0: to go through the six steps. When you register for the five day intensive, totally free.

[1747:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can't wait to see you there. Consider grabbing that VIP that way you can go through it. And that way you got the recordings and you can go through them later. Okay, so once we've written the offer copy, and we use jasper.ai. To write our offer copy again, I don't want to skip ahead to the five day intensive. But here's how I'm going to tell you I actually developed what we call the moat. It was one of the most popular recipes for Jasper. So Jasper has what they call community recipes and I'm actually on page number two now, thanks to our community have one of the most popular recipes for Jasper's artificial intelligence and how to create perfect offer copy for course creators, coaches, authors and trainers. So we are using this script right here built into Jasper answering the these five questions who is your customer? What problem do they have? What solution? Do you offer them What methodology include best case scenario, and then Jasper uses its artificial intelligence to write our copy. So we're using that to write all of our copy for all of our offers that are converting to seven and eight figures. I refuse to be a technology neophyte. Because if you're somebody that says, well, AI is taking over the world, and it's making the world a bad place, and it's hurting people, listen, I get it, there's negatives to AI. But if you're Don't be so prideful, and your ego and say, I don't need a computer to help me do any of this, I can come up with it myself, or I can come up with it. Just because holy spirit is going to tell me the to do list I believe the Holy Spirit can give you the exact words to do and I'm spiritual, and I, I'm not religious, y'all can't tell at all. I'm not religious. But I believe in Jesus, and I believe in the Holy Spirit. And, and I believe in divine connection. And I even pray over my ads, that's one of our top strategies that we use is we pray God, move ministering angels into the algorithm to show our ads to people. And we believe that there are angels that are sent to flight on our ads, to show them to the right people that are meant to CRMs. And we've actually seen a direct correlation to our profits. With that, I would like to actually track that in a business to go in and do that with a client someday, we're actually tracking the effect of spirituality on your ads. And one of the biggest things is what you declare manifest in your life. This isn't a new age manifestation. Manifestation is basically our miracles. Okay? So I believe in what are miracles, and I believe that each one of us is a carrier of miracles, and that each one of us is a vessel to do miracles. Okay? How many y'all are tracking with me on that? Even if you don't believe in God, that's fine, too. By the way, even if you're an atheist, it doesn't make any of this not work for you. And that's what's cool about it, is, I'm gonna be me, and I invite you to be you, and whatever you believe is fine. And I accept you fully how you are, I don't need you to agree with me or believe the same as me, I don't even need you to vote the same as me, I don't even need you to have the same politics as me. I don't need you to have the same goals as me. You know, I don't, that's why I give this information out for free. Because I'm not afraid of it. Getting in the wrong hands, and helping things that I am against, I'm sorry, but I know that some of y'all see that as a lack of integrity on my part, that I would be okay with child traffickers learning this stuff and using it for evil. I can't control what other people do, let's just put it that way. It would saddened me if somebody did use it for that purpose. And I would hope that by the power of the Holy Spirit that they would not want anything to do with me. And that's the thing. That's why I repel people. Because I'm actually repelling those that are probably going to misuse what I teach. As a big part of the process, is you repel those that could also misuse what you teach. That's why I talk about God quite a bit on my social media, because I want to repel those that are like I had a guy write me that he's like, Man, I'd almost coach with you, but you're a Christian. And I can't. I can't work with Christians. I'm a great dude. It's awesome. My YouTube channel has hundreds of videos on there for free, that will help you. But I digress. Here's what I want to say. using artificial intelligence is a blessing. And I know that the men who created Jasper are God loving men, family men that built this product a year ago and their their product is worth over a billion dollars. They just did $125 million seed round to bring a valuation up to a billion dollars last month, less than 20 days ago. This is the number one platform Jasper AI is for writing ad copy and for creating Facebook ads. And here's the cool thing. They created it originally as a Facebook ads engine to just write Facebook ads. And so it does Facebook ads better than anything else. We don't even edit the Facebook ads that it creates for us. We actually just download them straight how they are and upload them to the Facebook Ads Manager. So here's what We do, here's how we actually create our ads. We copy this. And I should probably actually create a recipe for for creating perfect Facebook ads and the perfect ad script. How many of y'all want that? Oh, man, y'all, I just got that idea. Like literally like, I feel like my spirit that was dropped in me to create a recipe that actually writes up your ad copy, and scripts out your ad video. I'm gonna do it this this this week. Y'all hold me to it. And I'll reveal it on the five day event. I'll reveal it on my social media too. I'll email it to you as well. So we use this recipe, and it's based off of Dan Kennedy's the Ultimate Sales Letter book, to actually write our offer, copy and actually create what our copy is for our offer. Then, what I do is I take the copy that I wrote, so this would be like Jasper copy, and I throw it into boss mode right here. And what I'll do is I'll usually do a couple commands while do summarize the above. Summarize the above. Okay, so summarize, the above is one of my favorite statements in Jasper. Because it helps really, and then convert to PS copy. So we use this to write most of our stuff as we use problem agitate solution, you want to create a successful coaching business. And we use this multiple times over where we have Jasper basically, convert to PS copy, we have Jasper generate the sales copy for us. Then what I'll do is I'm gonna go up above here, I'm gonna go summarize the above summarise the above. So I'm typing it in, and I'm pressing CTRL, Enter on my keyboard, and the AI is actually writing what I'm creating. So then we do write p as copy based on the above. I'm probably gonna go a little bit over on the training here today, but I will still give you all the whole hour of q&a and the VIP, okay? Because I need to, like show you all how we do this. You want to make more money, how to create Okay, perfect. So now I'm going to delete this whole part after my bio. And like what it includes. And so now we got these two segments of what our offer actually is about, lined up here, right PS copy based on the above. What I do to create a lot of my offers as I actually scroll through, and I take my competitors ads. So I'll take Mark Hills ad and I'll take Aaron Fletcher's ad and I'll take Corys ad. And I'll take all these I'll take Tanner child Esther's ad and I put them into a swipe file. I take Myron Golden's ad I put that into a swipe file. Y'all want to know how I actually wrote this copy last night. This is a combination of my own offer. Corys Mark hills, Tanner Chester, Myron golden, Dean Grazi OC, Tony Robbins. And we put it all together in a jasper to write up this offer copy by by me creating a swipe file over in my Evernote

[1906:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: have my favorite landing pages so I'll copy them are here like here's Tanner dudes crushing it, right $50 million. I'm like, I bow down to the king right there. Man, that dude is sick. If y'all aren't in his free community, y'all need to join it. If you see this dude's ads, I'm telling you to sign up for some of his stuff. Go through some of his funnels. He's probably the closest related to what I do. And we got a very similar kind of like attitude about it too, which is awesome. He's a little more of a pushy sales guy. I'm not as much so I'm more of the less pushy side of it. But you can learn a lot by going through Tanner stuff. I'm just like full endorsement. I don't even have an affiliate link. Like he's crushing it. You can learn a lot and he teaches Facebook ads for Free. He's got a whole Facebook ads course, literally I learned how to be the king of value. I'm like, Okay, this guy's making $50 million. And he's given away the stuff for free, I can do the same thing, right? Okay. And so I take their offers, I take their copy, and I run it through my jasper AI and to help spit this out for us our offer copy. The next step is where we do what we're doing right here where we summarize it. So I wrote that original landing page that way and we'll go over that in the five day intensive now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna say convert the above to a Facebook ad looking to create a successful coaching business look no further than launch. Your six figure coaching offers you can read like put in whatever that is a five day intensive where I teach you everything you need to know about creating profitable six figure offers. With this five day intensive you'll learn how to develop an irresistible offer position for maximum profit and impact and put your launch on autopilot convert your dreams of success into reality today register now I am literally going to take this copy and run this as an ad without editing it at all and I'll just add this to it free

[1944:02] Speaker 0: five day five day intensive okay

[1948:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: so all that was written by the AI right there as offer copied then what I'll do is I'll have it do it a couple more times, convert the above to a Facebook ad sometimes it glitches and telling you the same thing that you told it. Creating a profitable coaching offers the key to a successful coaching business. And this five day intensive you'll learn how to create an offer that connects with your target client and result in increased sales The course is designed for coaches this intensive training course right is designed for coaches who want to go on the fast track to real profits if you're just starting out or it's been a while this event is a must attend for anyone who want to take their business to new heights register now boom. So I already have two ad copies I already have two ads written right there free five day intensive write a Facebook ad headline based on the above launching your site so here's what I would actually do for the headline is

[1967:50] Speaker 0: free five day event get more paid coaching clients now or close more sales in your business

[1973:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: this month, so that will be like the headline of what we're doing. Based off of what is the end result that they're gonna get out of it. That's our Facebook ads headlines. Okay. So then what we do is we take our four part written script and Melissa is asking Do you have a YouTube video on how to do the process need to watch it slowly. That's what the five day event is actually going to go over our five day event is going to go really in depth in how do you position it? What do you say, and developing it, we're gonna go over that in depth. I also do have some YouTube videos on this. For those of you that don't know, I have a YouTube channel with over 1000 videos. And so like I break down writing better sales, copy scaling, a coaching business, picking your niche inside a million dollar funnel, breaking free from approval, what hiring coaches are doing differently. This is all about how we use Jasper right here if you just type in my name and a YouTube and then Jasper, you should find all of the videos where I break down and go over it slowly. How we actually write this and there is a YouTube video included with this. So I have a number of Jasper videos we're actually go through doing this and how we use AI to write all of this out. Okay. You don't want to be mapping out your coaching program. First. You don't want to be mapping out your course first. You want to create your offer that actually converts to say calls for you right away. And listen, I we got a huge drop off of people at the top of the hour here, I get that, we're going to be jumping over to the VIP live after I go over this last step of how we do this. Okay, this last couple of things. So we have our our four part script of what we actually say in our video ad which is these four questions. And then we will go over just a little bit on the VIP as well. Again, thank you for your patience as we go through this. So these are the four questions that you then can ask, and Jasper can help you write it. This is the best script for a tick tock ad. But what we do is now we make all of our ads for tick tock, and they work on all the platforms. So our Facebook ads are written with the same script. Okay. So do this right and attention grabbing question that frames both the solution the problem in one emotionally charged, persuasive statement. There we go. That's good. That would be a command. How can you create a successful coaching business if you don't even know where to start? Literally, this is scripting out the ad right here, script or video ad. Okay, step number two, who you are your qualifications to help them one big result that validates your track record. So right about who you are your qualifications. My name is and I'm here to help you create a successful coaching business. I've been in the business for 10 years. During that time, I've helped countless people achieve their goals. My track record is validated by the success stories of my past clients. If you're looking to create a successful coaching offer, than I'm the person you want to talk to, to do this, I've helped entrepreneurs and coaches generate millions with my proven system and in my five day intensive training program. So look, it's already writing it right here. It's already skipping to step number number four. Literally, this is a script that I'm that I'm going to make for my video ad. This is literally the script that I'm going to use for my offer. Write a statement that tells them what you are what you offer them the results and expect to get as well as something that helps qualify that it works for beginners. Our intensive training program offers beginner coaches the tools they need to create a profitable coaching business. The program provides everything you need for developing your perfect offer and putting it on autopilot. With our help you can reap the financial rewards of your irresistible offer. Why is it saying impressed time it doesn't matter. I just changed it to the name of my thing. Our training program, the five day launch your six figure coaching offer intensive we offer beginner and expert coaches alike the tools needed to create and instead of create output launch a profitable coaching business. And then you want a right a call to action that says just based off of this that calls them to click on the link in the video and register on the next page.

[2065:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Register for my five day intensive and you'll learn how to create a successful coaching business. And this program I'll teach you everything you need to know creating an irresistible offer that connects with your target off client. You don't want to miss this opportunity. Okay, so Jasper just wrote for us and I'm gonna literally take this script, and I'm gonna record this on my camera as a video ad, in fact, I'm just gonna do it right here. Okay, so this is how I do all my video ads. How can you create a successful coaching business if you don't even know where to start? My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I'm here to help you create a successful coaching business. I've been in the coaching business for 10 years and during that time, I've helped countless people achieve their goals. My track record is validated by the success stories of my past clients. Well here's the thing I would actually change that to say 19 years right I'm gonna record it later but that's how I would do that. Okay. So then what I do is I would take the video file, I think I import it to Instagram. How would you create a successful coaching business? If you don't? Start with me Jeremiah Krakowski and I'm here to help you. Okay, so we add that to Instagram reels. And I have it, add auto Instagram captions, you go to the sticker, you go to stickers on Instagram, you click on captions and I drag it down to the bottom corner here, I shrink it slightly, and I press the Download button. And that becomes my video ad I don't even know where to start, okay. Successful. So that becomes the video ad, then I take that video ad I upload it into Google Drive, as a video, I go over to Google Drive, and I download it to my computer and you're gonna want to use a computer if you're actually like running Facebook ads. Okay, so I download it to my computer from Google Drive. I go to the drive, I download the video file. say for the sake of the example, we'll take one of our one of our other past ads right here because it takes a little while to upload. It's like here's one right here realistically make six figures. I'm going to download that to my computer. Then I'm gonna go to Facebook. And listen, if you're like is this, this is too fast for me, I break it down in my Facebook ads for beginners course, if you have the VIP, you also get that and we're gonna break down more of this during the five day training. Okay, so I go to my ads manager. And I've created a look alike audiences already that were based off of the behavior of how people have engaged with me. So these are different audiences based off of how they've engaged with us if they visited our website, if they've engaged in our social media, if they've engaged with my mom, and so that I'm what I'm able to do is I'm able to take a an ad. And we'll run this as a conversions ad. So we upload the video file that I just recorded. And we're not we're not using tailored lead ads, what we're actually using is we're using a leads a conversion ad. So manual control is what I want. Here we go. Website, I'll select my Pixel. I'll show you the pixel here in a second as well. The lead ad I leave all of this how it is and I set the daily budget that I want it to be, I set my targeting. And so usually my targeting is going to actually be these lookalike audiences of who've visited my website. So we got 15 million people here, I'll select all the countries, the United States, Canada, I'll usually select 25 to 65. For the age, I leave this on advantage and I go to next. And then I upload my video ad right here. I just manually upload the video file, we add the video. Here's the video ad right here that we already have.

[2142:01] Speaker 0: I take that video, I go over to Jasper, I take the ad copy.

[2144:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I paste that ad copy right there. I take the headline. I paste that headline right here. learn more call to action, I take the URL of my offer, which already has the pixel installed. Website events is set to my domain name and I press Publish. And that's how we publish an ad that we're targeting to a look alike audience. That's the entire process of how we run ads. And then the course in the members area and those of you that got the VIP I also break this down a little bit slower. But we have an entire course on how you do this. And how you set all this up. Okay. And so the last thing is that you have to set up a Facebook pixel, you got to make sure that you have a business manager account set up with Facebook. You want to go in there and create a business manager account. If you don't know how to do that. Google it or look it up on YouTube. If you go to the events manager,

[2161:27] Speaker 0: you create a let's make sure that we're in the right business here.

[2164:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: You create in the events manager. You show all events. And we go to data sources. And we have our pixel right here. So our pixel is on our website. So we added the pixel. By clicking from website install code manually, you paste this code into a code block on Squarespace or WordPress, you basically paste it in with a plugin. And then you just add that to your website in the head section of your website. And that will start tracking that pixel for you. Well, we're using now though, is we're using for better integration. We're using the conversion API. And so the conversion API is under settings right here. And what we've done is we've actually set up a partner. When you scroll all the way to the bottom of conversion API, we set up a partner with Zapier. So Zapier is our conversion API partner. So what we do is when people sign up through our website, instead of using the traditional pixel, we set up a zap with Zapier so that this form in Squarespace This is the best practice way to do this, this form and Squarespace is linked to a lead event and Zapier so we go Squarespace. And again, we're gonna go over more detail of this in the training and the VIP, we go into more detail into this, I'll go even more into this. If you're in the VIP and answer any specific nuanced questions that you have. I know, we're 15 minutes over here on the training bear with me here, we're almost done. And then we're gonna go to the VIP and I'm gonna be able to answer your questions. So what we do is we set this up to where when they fire the pixel, I'm not even worried about them firing the pixel, I'm just worried about them filling out this form right here. And this form connects like a wire, a digital wire that goes through the internet to Zapier. And so then we're able to connect our form right here where they sign up, launch your six figure offer, continue, test trigger. And then it's pulling information off of that. And then from there we go set up our zap, we go Facebook conversions. So we ended up linking our same ads manager account to this, we set up send lead event. So you can either do send funnel event, other event purchase event or lead event based off of the activity that somebody is actually taking on your website. And that is the most accurate way of tracking all of this. So then you go in here, we set up our conversion. This is all on Zapier. It's all just point and click. Action source is website business account will select my business account, my Pixel ID and then we'll do event time, okay, we don't have an event time if it's that some of them offer a time, event ID I'll select the email address. And then we scroll down here we go to email address, you don't even need to fill in all these fields. Just your email address.

[2218:35] Speaker 0: First Name. This is all we do and we're making tons of money doing it.

[2220:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Context continue. Test action. Verify Zapier integration and Events Manager Okay, I think I selected the wrong pixel is why did that test action. There we go. Boom. And it successfully tracked a lead back to that forum. Okay. I'm not using any other methodologies like GA four and all that that works as well. Listen, if you already know how to set all those up, that's great. Those are even more advanced ways of doing it. I do it the stupid simple way that literally you like anybody can do like what I just walked you through. If you watch through the recordings of this, you can track what I'm doing and do it yourself very easily. And so now that's tracking that then for my VIP we use a jot form on our Squarespace site. And so we have jot form that then tracks who signs up for the VIP. When they sign up for it is connected to stripe, and then that triggers in Zapier to fire a purchase pixel And then to give access to the VIP training resources on my Thinkific site in the members area, and then tags the person as a VIP and my MailChimp account. So that automates and sends them the VIP email. Okay. So like those of you that are VIP, you got a VIP email from me. And then that gives you access to the bonus trainings that you signed up for. And so that's how we're delivering a lot of this on autopilot, and getting people to sign up with our paid ads, it all starts with the offer. Ad all starts from the offer. And then we build out the copy, we build out the landing page, and we build out the funnel, and then we promote it with paid ads to people. And so I'm going to head on over to the VIP here. Just give me about five minutes. The hopefully this has been helpful for you hopefully that this has shown you how to get more paid clients with paid ads, how to actually get people to buy what it is that you're offering, how to actually get people to purchase what you're offering. I do a lot of it's not hard at all. Yeah, once you learn it, it's actually really easy. It's really simple. We do a lot of multi step zaps. Yes, definitely. Um, yeah, I'm gonna log off of here you go head over to the other VIP link. You should have received an email when you sign up for the VIP. Otherwise, it's on the on the thank you page. If you haven't upgraded at the VIP, there's a link in your email. There's also a link in the chat right here to where you can access it. And so then you'll get a link that is actually sent to you with the Zoom link to access the call. I'll be there in about five minutes. I'll see you guys over there.

