Jumpstart Training
Date: 2022-10-27T03:26:20.000Z
Duration: 134 min
Otter ID: O7Vy93GD37a_SJFNGKasj3TW9Io
---

[0:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome, welcome to the Jumpstart training.

[1:46] Speaker 1: How's everybody doing?

[2:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Those are on the recording. Welcome, welcome, welcome, man today, it's just been absolutely amazing. Incredible, I hope your day has been amazing and incredible as well. We're gonna go live in the Facebook group here. And this is just this is just for people that are in the client growth accelerator, join us live. So hopefully we won't be hacked by people with pornography. Like we were the other day when I did a public session, somebody came on and hacked us. And so luckily I have my video editor removed that before I upload that video up there sometimes that happens. hacked, it wasn't really hacked, it was the link was posted on Twitter. And so somebody found it and, and clicked on it. And so it was it was publicly available, then anyways, I'm excited today. Um, for those that are new for those that are here. For those that are alive.

[21:24] Speaker 2: I'm gonna I'm gonna dive

[21:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: into this. And this is specifically for for brand new people in the client growth accelerator, those that have just joined the program. I know we have a number of people on here, we kind of have a mix of people who have been in the program for a month or so and those that are that have been in for they just joined this past week. So welcome, welcome, welcome. I'm so excited just to have everybody here, we'll let a few people jump in and join us live, we're actually streaming in the client growth accelerator group now, so people can join us live by just clicking on that link in the group to jump in. And I'm gonna I'm gonna recap something that's again, it's so important, it's so vitally important. As we go into this, again, this is a training session. So I'm going to be doing training for the first Oh, say hour, hour and a half. And then we'll do q&a after that. And then our normal q&a as part of the program is going to be next week. So anyways, if you're watching this, if you're watching this in the recording, because we archive all of these jumpstart trainings, basically, this is an onboarding training for new members. And there's a if you're watching in the members area, there's actually a list of onboarding trainings that you can go through, that will really kind of get you up to speed. I mean, if you're, if you're a total beginner, those will be a really a great place to start is what's in that getting started section of our of our members area, I'm gonna actually pull that up on my screen here. Because I really, I really want people to understand kind of the value of what's here. The value that's in this program is that you get the support and the help you need. With live calls. And with the Facebook group, okay. You also they'll get a lot of support through the trainings and through the live training. And these are designed specifically for those that are in this program, every lesson that I'm making, I'm taking into account what people are dealing with all future courses, take into account, who's in this program. And so you guys are helping design the program really, from inside based off of what you need help with. And so this is for you to get the most value out of this is for you. It's essentially a way for me to have the impact that I did with my one on one coaching, and with my clients that I've consulted with and worked in their business from afar, that I can do more on my own time and my own boundaries and how I can operate. That way I can make the kind of money that I want to make. And I can serve people at the highest level and that's what I want for all of you as well. That's what I want for every single person here is I want you to be able to serve your clients at the highest level. I want you to be able to make a ton of money. I want you be able to to to live the life you want and only work as much as you want. That's a huge part of it. Is I am not about the hustle and grind. I think there are seasons for hustle and grind. But but they shouldn't be long term. And if you notice you're in a hustle and grind season for more than a few weeks at a time you might need to reevaluate your priorities. Here's what I've always found is whenever I get into a hustle grind mode for more than two to three weeks at a time, stuffs balls start dropping in my life. Now that's not a bad thing because what I'm noticing is what I'm really feeling Okay, so what I need to do, I'm noticing the things that drop off, had two clients that were one on one clients, not one on one clients, they were consulting clients, where I was writing their copy and running their ads, call me in the last month and say, Hey, we're going to be canceling our contract with you. And I'm like, This is great, because I kind of was hoping that you are going to do that, that way, I can focus on my coaching group, because my coaching group is paying me more money than working with you was, which is awesome. And so I say that to say that no matter where you're starting from, no matter where you're coming in from this program will help you the client growth Accelerator has everything that you need to be successful. And when you scroll through the courses, when you log in, over at members, dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, I want everybody to know at least how to get into the members area, you can go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. If you don't know how to get there, if you don't know how to spell it, go find my name on any social media platform, and then just type my name in and put.com after it. And you'll find it. And in the upper right corner is a login button. This takes you right to login to your classes. So it really is that simple for you to find where the recorded classes are. And we've gone through this, you know, in the in the other trainings we did, but I'm just going to, I want to show you this specifically, the

[102:12] Speaker 1: Start Here, class

[103:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: is where it's going to have the information on where to find the Facebook group. That's going to have information on how to use the back end here. If you notice that there's no trainings, it might be because when you're on mobile device, you see these three lines. And so you got to press these three lines. On any class, when you log in, if you're on your mobile device, you'll have to press these lines right here in the upper corner to access the menu, and then that shows you more trainings. So we have an August faster training that we did right here we have a September one, this is the October Fast Start Training for people that that that have joined the club growth accelerator here in October. And so again, if you want to go through, you'll be able to find the recording of this in the members area over there. And then any of the trainings that are in here, they're they're categorized based off of where you are along the launch process where you are along the business growth process, okay. And, and I'm, I'm refining what this launch process is for everybody. But essentially, it's what I went over the other day.

[119:39] Speaker 3: That number one is, is finding

[121:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: your niche. And really, I would actually call this step zero, which will allow me to actually add another step five to this that I think is important. Step zero is finding your niche. Now, here's the thing, in the big picture, you're always going to be refining your niche, you're always going to be dialing in who you're talking to, you're always going to be dialing in your messaging around who your best clients are. So I know what my niche is, but I'm dialing it in even more based off of the data of who is actually joining my client growth accelerator. So I'm noticing that I'm attracting about 50% of people that I shouldn't even be attracting with my offers. And that's going to be something that you're going to notice and pay attention to that will make your profits go up. Okay, so in the in the big picture, if you don't know where to start with a niche, again, in the in the back end training under private vault of virtual events. You'll find the finding your next training from October 2022, and September 2022. These are complete trainings that will help you dial in your niche and go really deep. And you can ask more questions on some of the live calls. If you're still stuck. You can always post in the Facebook group, the Facebook group is one of the number one resources for you to be able to get coaching from me as well as interaction from group members. And I want group interaction and things like that. Like I love that Erica had a problem today. And a number of people actually jumped in and helped her which was amazing right here. And so anywhere that you're stuck with your business that you're stuck along the way, if you're stuck along the five steps, you can ask in the group you can post and you can ask that you can ask at any of the live calls, and so you're never actually stuck. Now something that might happen is you may feel embarrassed to ask for help or you may feel like the question you're asking about is too simple for the group and it's not a good enough question. Don't feel that way. There's no such thing as that. And I can promise you nobody in this program is going to judge you that way. This is literally the safest environment. For those type of questions that you have ever been around. You won't you won't be belittled, you won't be you know, like people making rude Comments. That's why being in a paid program like this is it's a group of people that are working to help each other grow. And so you can utilize that to your advantage when when you get into a community of people that are like minded, you grow with the community. And the growth that I want to see happen with this community is 1000 millionaire coaches, I want 1000 people in this group to to make a million dollars with their coaching. Now, there might be 5000 people in the group, and maybe only a few people make a million dollars, but a number of people make six figures, maybe they miss my goal by 10%. By 90%, they're still making over $10,000 a month, when it comes to you making $10,000 a month. I want you to hear me on this. It is more about mindset than it is about strategy. And what should you do next? Because the what should you do next are all in the members area, you have access to that by asking what you should do next, the biggest thing that stops people is overthinking and talking themselves out of taking the steps to do what's next. That's the biggest thing that stops people from succeeding is, is they they allow the worry and fear of what might happen or what might go wrong at each step along the way. And so it's always that, but it's always tied to something unique. And usually it won't feel like fear, it'll feel like you're being wise, it'll feel like you're you're, you're you've just hit a temporary roadblock. But if you notice, I want you to become very self aware while you're on this program. If you notice that you're stuck and haven't made progress with your coaching business in a month's time being in here. Personally, I would look at it even in two weeks time. If you're not making progress in two weeks. And you know what you need to do, there's something to maybe address there and you can bring that up on the calls, you can ask about those things. One of the biggest things to look at is what are you focused on?

[195:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you focused on how hard something is? Because if you focus on how hard something is, all you're ever going to see is how hard it is how hard it is how hard it is? Or are you focused on the goal that you have in mind. When we control our mental focus, it produces results in our business, when we control our focus, not as to Okay, see, a lot of people think, Okay, I'm focusing focusing, focusing on what I need to do next, that's actually the wrong focus. Because you can focus so deeply and intently on what you need to do next, that it actually gets you stuck in a rut, trying to perfect that one thing, you always want to keep your focus above line at what your goal is on the horizon, your goal financially. And then you want to be present in the moment to your actions, and realize that whatever's happening right now, that by keeping your focus on the horizon above, by aiming in that direction, that your activities will actually be different than just focusing in on the activity, what we focus on, if we focus on okay, I'm stuck doing this, I'm stuck doing this. It takes lifting our head up above the problem and scanning the horizon and say saying, Okay, what's really going on? What can I do, because you're again, like I said, you're never really stuck. I see this group as almost like, like a, for lack of a better it's like a team. It's like a are in the military like like a troop, to where we're working together to where your people to the left and to the right, help raise you up when you're stuck. And that's what I love about this is that it's not like we're not in this one person together, that we're all in this to help everybody else out and to help everybody else grow. Now, the other thing with this program is I don't want you for those that are just starting to look to me as all mighty expert that knows everything. The truth is, I know how to get clients in a coaching business, and how to scale things really quickly. But I actually do not know what you need to do in your unique business. I don't know what anybody needs to do until I really have worked with them for a number of hours. I've seen all the data I've seen all the angles and perspectives. And so while I've worked with so many clients coaching and training them to know exactly what everybody needs to do at any moment in time to make decisions for them. It's just impossible for me. It's not something that I can do. But what I can do is always guide you in the right direction and point you in the right direction. But the decision making is are always going to be up to you. The decision making is always going to be up to you. There's no authority hierarchy here in this program, to where, well, what Jeremiah says goes, and it's the only thing that I can do. Now, I would say that this is why I recommend this, like I told Erica today, the reason I recommend certain platforms is they are easier to use, and you don't run into as many roadblocks. There's reasons why I make recommendations. But at the end of the day, it's up to you to be a CEO of your business to see yourself as a business owner, not an employee, to see yourself as somebody who can make decisions for yourself. And one of the number one things that separates successful business owners from those that struggle is how long they take to make decisions. The most successful business owners make decisions in less than 15 to 30 minutes, most of the time. And if they can't, there's, there's only one reason why you can't make a decision in 15 to 30 minutes, you want to know why it's not fear, it's because there's another underlying decision that needs to be made. And so like usually, if you're like, Okay, I can't decide this thing up here in 15 to 30 minutes, there's usually like one, two or three other decisions underlying it that you're ignoring.

[261:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And by finding those decisions, and making them and accelerates you up to this level right here, to make decisions quickly, that's one of the biggest things that stops people from success is being slow at decision making, being slow at deciding what to take the next steps to do. Now, there's a reason I don't teach this in my free training. Because I think that if I taught this in my free training, it would actually come across as slightly manipulative, because if I taught people make quick decisions, and now I'm like making a decision to join my program, it's not coming from a really pure place. And so I actually reserved that for those that are members in this program is to tell you, you need to get quicker at making decisions, and you need to stop looking to other people to make decisions for you. You need to stop looking to other people to tell you what to do. And you need to learn how to do research on your own. Now there's a difference between asking questions. Okay, here's the difference. There's a difference between saying, Okay, what should my ad say? And how much budget should I use? And who should I target? Versus how can I find the best targeting? How can I learn to write an ad better? And how can I learn who to target better? How can I do the research? See, one is asking me to basically give you the answer. And the other is asking me, Can you show me how to learn the answer on my own, I will always show you and direct you on how to learn the answer on your own. No matter how much money you pay me. Well, that's not true. If you pay me to be a consultant, it's a different relationship. In coaching, even if you pay me at my 15 $20,000 level of coaching, I will not give you the answer of what to do, I will lead you to learn it for yourself. And there's a small percentage of people where that is really bothersome to them, because they've grown up in an environment where there they always had to be told what their next step is always had to be told what their next step is. I'm telling you growing in this area, I was one of those people, by the way, who had to be told what his next step was, or I wouldn't do anything. It's one of the number one reasons why I've struggled to actually grow this business. I was talking to my mom, today about this, our business is doing really well right now. I struggled for three, four years after, after leaving working for her. Because I was constantly looking for other people to tell me what decisions to make. I was constantly looking at other people to do that. And I was even using religious justification for this such as wise counsel needing wise counsel, I'm sorry, but there comes a point where getting too many opinions is not wise. And and specifically when it comes to building your business. Usually having one to two mentors is best. Having more than that. I know a lot of people are actually very successful, usually with two mentors that support each other. But if you got too many voices speaking in your life, that can become very difficult. Okay. And if your two mentors are giving you conflicting information, you will have to choose which one to learn from. Because not every mentor is going to point you in the same direction. You might think well success, there's always there's one road that leads to success. That is not true. What you'll get from me is showing you how to use social media offers sales, copy, lead generation, getting people on an email list, writing emails to them and using advertising campaigns to get people to become clients in your coaching business. There are other people that teach you how to build coaching business As with other methodologies, it doesn't mean that their methods are wrong, it's just a different path to take. It's a different focus. Honestly, there's a number of people, there's a, there's a method where they teach you how to cold DM a bunch of people and get them to become a coaching client. I'll say this, it works, it produces results. But you're gonna be grinding the DMS doing that now you can use many chat and stuff to automate stuff like that, we're starting to test out some of that, such as, when you post on Instagram, instead of saying link in the bio, I'm going to be testing this week where I say, post, show me in the comments, and I send somebody a DM with a robot to the link to my offer. But it's the same psychology, I'm sending people to an offer that gets their email address, so they're on my email list. And so we're still looping people to the same direction, okay.

[333:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so keep that in mind as far as far as that goes, that there really is no such thing in business as one path to success. many paths to success work. However, working multiple paths to success, at the same time will not usually work. multiple streams of income usually will not work. If you're not making six figures already in one of those streams. Here's something that I've learned from a number of multimillionaires. And they might not tell you this upfront, but they will tell you when you talk to them behind the scenes, that you need to focus down on one stream of income, get it being really consistent before you move on to another stream. Because otherwise, each of the streams will actually suffer. Each of the streams will actually slow down. Because your split focused. Again, whatever you focus on, you will create in your life. And so what you want to focus on is where are you headed? Where are you going? I want you guys to focus on not like even the dreams of okay, I've launched my program, I put this out there, I have a membership. Now I'm doing all this, by the way, I'm going to talk about memberships in a second, um, memberships, I actually love them, but they're the slowest way to make six figures. But long term, they are an integral part of your business. And I'll explain what I mean by that is, is in the short term, it really just depends on your goals as to how quickly you want to make revenue. And I'll explain that and how hard you want to work memberships, you're actually going to work harder in the beginning and make less money than doing the micro coaching model. And then pivoting the memberships after you've done that a few times. That's what I recommend people do, I'll get a little bit more specific into that here in a second. You want to make sure that you are focused on Okay, 10,000 $20,000 a month now let's bring that back into the realistic realm of what's going on in your life. Okay, so I got to build out a course I have to write copy for my course. Okay, so let's say you're at state at the stage number one, which

[370:06] Speaker 1: is you're writing you're writing your offer copy.

[372:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you're you're going through copywriting mastery in the members area, which I believe is is already one of the best courses on copywriting and using Jasper specifically, that's out there because of what's broken down in it. It will give you such an overview of writing copy and how to write good copy in a number of different ways. Whether it be your email, whether it be your ads, whether it be your social media content, whether it be a landing page. And so copywriting mastery is in the members area as a course we have four lessons to it right now. I believe I'm going to be recording two or three more. And then we will be jumping to email marketing and focusing on email marketing in the next two to three weeks, which will be fun. But so far, these four lessons on writing copy, will will give you such a I don't like saying college education because honestly, I don't believe in college very much. But it will give you a collegiate level education better than college education on writing copy and how to utilize the artificial intelligence of Jasper to save you so much time. The truth is when we were writing copy up until last year, I was praying for a tool like Jasper to come out because I knew I was like, Listen, this is going to exist. I'm like, I know that AI can figure this out really well. And I was praying for it and when it popped up, it literally did everything that I prayed for. To. What we used to have to do is we used to have to take a week or two to research and do market research on coffee. What now it only takes us to do in an afternoon with Jasper And then we go back. And we apply the same market research tactics, the same market research techniques, and amplifies the quality of our copy by four to six times. And so that's why again, I highly recommend using Jasper is the only affiliate program that I promote because I stand behind it, I believe in it. It is it is the one product that I think that you can't do without, because you will be working 10 to 100 times harder on your own without it. Trying to figure out the right angle of copy, I was talking to one of my clients today, we came up with some great ideas for an hour on the phone writing copy. But then we were like, Let's put it through Jasper. And it literally took our ideas and brought them to level 500 on the scale of like how laser focus that is for the offer. And then we literally designed a campaign that I think is gonna bring in close to half a million dollars for this client is my client, Joshua Giles that we that we work with, that we do consulting for and write copy with him on a one on one level. And it's a completely different offer than anything he's ever put out there. It's really exciting. Somebody if you follow him, you'll see it here popping up real soon. It's connected to a membership, it's connected to a $27 a month membership, which is really cool is is is is driving more traffic into that and going volume level. Because we've spent the last two years dialing in this model that I'm teaching all of you to do with him. So here's an example of that we've dialed in his model, this same model right here. And now he's moving to do a membership to make consistent revenue go in side by side with launching courses and micro coaching. So after you write your offer copy, step number two is landing page. Landing Page and offer page. This is the page where they give you their name and email address. And you also want to create the page where they give you the money too. So you want both of those built at the same time. So you want the page that you're going to be sending people after the offer built and the page where they they actually get your name and email address. And what do we mean by this the offer, we have two offers, we got the free offer.

[439:31] Speaker 1: And then the paid offer.

[440:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And as you run free offers enough, you're going to convert your free offers to low cost paid offers. That comes later that comes after you run your free offer like five to 10 times already. Most of you will be able to run your free offer five to 10, even 15 times for free. And then you'll convert it because it's converting so well to sales, you'll change it to a paid offer. And it will amplify your sales 10 times as much. Okay, and so that's the stages you take the copy you build that offer out after this.

[450:08] Speaker 1: You launch it

[451:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: and launching it means putting it out there. Number three on social media. With advertising, you mentioned it on on on videos, you email your list, you basically tell the whole world to sign up for whatever your offer is you tell the whole world to jump in on this. Okay? How do you do that best? Again, the courses in the members area are where you get the training on a lot of these different nuances. So when it comes to building out your offer when it comes to building out your landing page, how to structure all that irresistible offers that sell is the number one course that I have on that to break that down to break down how do you do lead magnets challenge offers courses and memberships high ticket coaching. And then we have the you know, lessons 10 through 13 are kind of optional, I might actually move these to bonuses because you can you might be able to skip over these. If you're a course creator or coach. We had a lot of people that were doing agencies in network marketing and ecommerce for a while and so that's why I included those in there. But then this about storytelling, this course irresistible offers that sell is the number one main course of this program that everything revolves around and it'll it'll unlock for a lot of you like what you should do, how you should structure your offers, how you should name your offer, what angle you should take, who you're trying to reach to dial it in even more. Next up, we have Facebook and Instagram ads made easy for total beginners. This one is the new Facebook ads class that I'm creating. There's also the Facebook ads class that I did two years ago called social media ads. adds that work. Again, that's also not outdated of a class, it's just more advanced of a class. It's a lot, it's a lot more difficult to follow than the new one is, let's put it that way. The new one is like 10 times easier to follow and go through because I took the feedback of, I think we got 700 people that bought this, I took that feedback and what's working right now. And that's what's going into this brand new Facebook ads course that I'm making right now. Okay. And so when you launch it, again, it's about putting that out there. It's about telling your email list. As well, if you don't know what to put for social media content, you can learn about social media content right here. I don't hate on social media content. Social media content is a waste of time, if you don't have an offer already. I think you should be posting at least once a day on your social media, when you have an offer ready to go. If you don't have an offer ready to go honestly, it is just a big waste of time to be posting on there. Because your energy should be spent on what your offer is, then what do you post on social media, you talk about what a person who would want that offer cares about. So you don't have to reinvent the wheel, you just talk about what a person who would actually opt into this offer cares about a lot of people were like, how do you know what your target customer cares about? Well, again, this goes back to finding your niche and writing your offer copy foundationally, these two levels right here. And these shouldn't take you longer than 14 to 30 days at the most

[503:55] Speaker 1: for both of these levels.

[504:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: grading your landing page shouldn't take more than seven, seven to 14 days, launching it about seven days. And then number four, let me let me move my camera up here.

[509:01] Speaker 1: Number four, is

[511:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to analyze the results. Even if you didn't get any leads, even if nobody opted in. And there's always a reason behind that. And when you're running your offers, it's not always going to be sunshine and rainbows, especially in the beginning, you might break even you might not even get any leads. That's okay, that's part of the process. That's part of the growth process of launching a coaching and course business and putting that out there is to realize that it might not resonate right away. But you can always look at that as feedback to say, okay, how can I adjust this? How can I tweak this. And it's all about who you're talking to, if you're not talking to anybody, if you're not reaching anybody, it shows that either you're you're showing your offer to the wrong people, or the right people don't care about your offer. It's only those two things, either the wrong people are seeing your offer, or the right people don't actually care about what you're trying to get them to care about. And so you got to dive deeper into that and do that research as to what are their problems? What do they care about? That's why Jasper can help you write better offer copy to dive into that. For instance, if you're creating a training, that's all about writing a cookbook and selling a cookbook. And nobody opts into that. You could dive deeper into this, like, Do people really want to make cookbooks? Or do they want to learn how to publish books in general, you can pivot 15% away from the idea that you had one of the worst things that you can do is getting married to one idea. Getting married to one idea for your business for your niche. Because you will get very distraught over the fact that it's not working. And I know it should work and nobody's opting in and nobody's signing up. Now, we always want to evaluate the copy. That's why I asked, you know, posted in the group, beyond one of the live trainings and share what your offers are and what you're doing. Posting in the group is one of the fastest ways to get feedback with that. You need to evaluate and analyze that and there's always a solution to it. Either you need to change your offer, the angle of the offer, or who you're targeting. Or actually, there's a third reason why your offer copy just simply is too generic for the right people, you could be targeting the right people with the right offer. But the language that you're using is way too generic for them. And so that's where you get more specific, more specific, more specific into the emotions of what the person that you're working to reach is dealing with cares about and wants. Okay, and then step number four is step number five is you basically repeat the process of writing copy, creating the landing page launch In the offer, here's where memberships fit in. Once you do this a few times, and you've really dialed it in, you'll probably have recordings to a few micro coaching programs, you'll and the reason I like micro coaching is you can sell your program, before it's finished. You don't have to sit around and map out what your program is, you're gonna learn about your target customer before you launch it, or before you put it out there, while you're putting it out there. So you sell

[567:29] Speaker 3: it for

[568:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: anywhere from 497 to 997, I've seen some people even do 197 to 297, here's the thing. If you do 197 to 297, you're probably not going to make a profit, but you will get a number a lot more sales than you would 987, your profits will be a lot lower at 197 to 297. The type of people are less are less committed at that level, you will make more consistent profits by selling your micro coaching at 997. Because if it's the right person, you can bet that you can get on the right percentage of people that are going to actually invest $997 with you, versus there's more of a risk at 197 to 297, that you don't have enough people to pay for your ad spend that risk actually goes down by selling it 997 program, that risk of you not making enough money, because you only need to get one of these sales to equal five of these. And the chances of you getting one of these sales versus five of these, especially in the beginning is is lower, what I see a lot of people do is they could easily get one sale at 997. But they only get three at 197. And now they only made 600 bucks. And then they're wondering, Oh, I lost money. Whereas they would have made money for broke even at 997. So that's why I recommend these types of price points, these higher price points. Or whether it be an eight week program,

[593:36] Speaker 1: a six week program. Or it could be a pre recorded course.

[595:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: It could be a course that you've recorded that you're just selling to people as an entry. Now, if this is your first program, if you've never worked with anybody before, if you've never coached anybody, I would recommend doing an eight week or a six week program, because the interaction that you're going to have in the q&a and in the feedback is going to be so invaluable to you to actually dialing in your future offers to be able to listen to people and what they care about. Once you've launched a couple times with this, like for instance, you got a couple of courses, you can then load them into a member's area to where now you have a vault based off of the micro coaching that you've done. So your vault becomes those micro coaching programs. And then you're able to sell to people access to courses that you've already done. And consistent coaching through q&a, for a fee of a membership cost, or for for like such as this program for a year, 1997 166 bucks a month, we're going to be bumping that up here next month, probably bump up, not the yearly, but probably the monthly cost for new members for people that are brand new. And so with that, this is all about how do you become a better coach, how do you become a better course creator? How do you become a better trainer, by having human beings that have problems that are in front of you that are telling you their problems? If you're just talking to a camera, if you're not interacting with real people that have problems, and you're just trying to guess what their problems are, you're gonna miss it completely as far as your offers go. That's why I tell people don't work so hard on creating this perfect course initially, creating a perfect flagship program and then hoping to launch it and work you most likely will flop by doing that. Because it's not dialed in, you're going to spend a lot of energy and get burnt out by doing that, because it's not dialed in. And based on what people are saying. Now, if you have experience of years of working with people, and you know what people want, you can skip that advice and just launch a course if you want to that way. If you already have it recorded. That's great. That's awesome. We have a group we have two different schools of thought here are people that already either have a course recorded or they haven't yet and what I don't want to see happen is that somebody is in this program and a year from now they they're they're stuck on Well, I haven't recorded my course yet. So I haven't launched. That's a huge reason that prevents people from being successful is they make the excuse I haven't recorded my course yet. So I can't launch. You want to get cash flow in cash flow coming in consistently so that you can a pay for advertising and be you're getting people In front of you to talk to and coach so that you're getting people in front of you that you can work with that you can that you can deal with, I want to address, I want to look at this question here that just came in, in my firt. In this first workshop and VIP launch, I had to keep telling myself that perfection is highly overrated at work. That's a huge thing. Exactly. Perfection doesn't exist. It doesn't exist, perfection, and the need for perfection is only tied to insecurity. It's this feeling that if I'm perfect, then it should, right? If it's perfect enough, then it should produce the result that I hoped for. If it's good enough, then it should work. And we believe these lies in our head that if it's perfect, then it will work. That way, we can blame something else if it doesn't work, because at least it wasn't us because it was perfect. And it allows us to get off the hook from actually learning and learning how to connect with people. Because we tell ourselves, well, it's perfect. And as long as I wait until it's perfect to launch that I can guarantee success. And the truth is you're not going to be any more successful waiting until it's perfect versus launching perfect imperfectly, you just won't. And there's also a belief that only perfect people should launch stuff. And that people that are successful. People that are successful got there by being perfect. And that's one of the biggest lies that's out there. The financially successful people out there took imperfect action and didn't allow the need to be perfect be a reason to stop them from reaching and affecting people.

[669:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And let's not justify it under excuses like wisdom, standards of excellence, or that's just how I grew up is that things need to be that way. At the end of the day, you're deciding to be a CEO of a company, a business that's going to pay you six figures and multiple six figures. And so you're going to start to have to do actions that six and seven figure income earners do. And every single one of them has dealt with perfectionism. Only people that don't make money deal with perfectionism, or they have too much money. The only person that I know that is justifiably as a perfectionist is a billionaire. Because he can throw as much money as he wants at making something perfect. For everybody else, we don't have them. And by the way, it's not him that makes it perfect. It's the staff he hires that does. So he can actually invest 10 times as much as most people on perfecting things, get it out of your brain that you need anything to be even close to perfect to be successful. Or that you need some that that that you have standards that things need to be to if that's you, that's that's connected to pride and ego. And it's completely going to self sabotage you from reaching your goals. It'll completely self sabotage you by learning to take action, in imperfect circumstances, to launch a course to reach people to connect with people. Again, it's about your focus. If you're focused on your course, you're going to try to make it all perfect. You're going to be so focused on your course being perfect, that you're not focused on who can I impact? What will the results be after I launched this, after I start having people coming into my ecosystem and connecting with them. Your goal is getting people into your ecosystem not being awesome. I know that sounds weird. But it's like we can make the goal of I want to be awesome. And I want to look awesome, and I want to sound awesome. And I want to be this perfection. I want to be this image of perfection. And we make that the goal, not impact and it becomes all about us and how we look at how we're perceived and how we perform. You can't build a successful coaching business, if it's based on your performance at all. It's about connection with other people coaching and courses is only ever about connecting with the right people to listen to them about what their problems are. And so your goal is not how can I look amazing the people. The other thing is, is you need to develop the self belief and the self esteem that you are amazing just as you are that there's nothing that needs to change in you to make you awesome. We can end up comparing ourselves to the successful coaches, successful trainers. And we start saying well, I'm not where they're at yet, so I'm not good enough. I'm not where they are yet. So I'm not at their level, I can't charge as much as they do. And that's a complete lie that we need to address and realize that to be professional CEOs, of course creation in a coaching business, by the way, professional is not about how you look. It's about your it's about your character. It's about how you connect with people, it's about how you lead people, looking like a pro is useless. Looking like somebody that has it all together is useless. If you don't know how to connect with people, if you don't know how to listen to people, if you don't make it about how can I help lead another person? How can I connect with somebody that needs what I offer. And this is one of the number one things that stops people from being successful because they won't launch because they think that they're not good enough yet. They burn themselves out working too many hours, making everything perfect doing activities that produce zero addition to their bottom line. working too many hours on activities that produce zero increase to the bottom line of your business is what too many coaches are doing is what too many course creators are doing. There's a better way to do this. It's called just have fun. Just have fun with it. Just Just make it about connecting with other people. Just make it about how can I make a connection with somebody and lead them to help them and listen more than I dictate and tell people what to do.

[748:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now you want to be growing in your skill set. You want to be growing in your knowledge you want to be growing in your ability to connect with people your ability to lead people to those answers. One of the best things that you can do for your clients as a coach is to tell people you know what, I don't have the answer to that. I don't have the answer to that. And giving up the crown of needing to be the almighty expert with all the answers. That will actually allow you to help people much better. Because you end up focusing on what are you good at? What are you uniquely qualified for, and you're not trying to be somebody for somebody else. In coaching and course creation, we have to remove the idea that we need to be somebody for other people. And I think that when we go into this business, we think that we have to be a certain way to serve other people. It starts with first accepting yourself where you're at accepting what you know, accepting your limitations, and then saying, what do I really love and enjoy doing? Not what do I need to do not what should I do? What do I love to do and enjoy doing. And then building your coaching business around more of what you love. And less around what you feel like is a requirement for you to be building your business as theirs there's this big misconception that to have a successful coaching business means that you perform at a certain level that you look a certain way that you talk in a certain way know, a successful coaching business. First off, I define success differently. Your secondary priority is coaching. Your number one priority in what I will teach you is getting clients and getting people to buy from you and creating offers and the process of creating offers and going through that and learning about your target customer and writing copy that delivers what people want. How do you know what they want? You listen to them. You listen to what their words are you listen to what their questions are you listen to what their problems are. You listen to what their concerns are, you listen to their frustrations, and you do so not from a judgmental place but from a place of caring, and curiosity. And when you are ever curious about your clients, you you move out of making it all about you looking a certain way, and all about how can I help serve another person, and that's something that you can monetize. That's something that you can package. That's something that you can sell for 1000 to 2000 even all the way up to $10,000. All the other stuff is useless and worthless. It really is. And I remember the day when I had this exact conversation with Rick Pitino because he was renting out Airbnb ease and spending tons of money on production and filming and all of this. It didn't add a single dollar to his bottom line, he was so concerned about the how things were on his website and his graphics is designed and looking a certain way, the truth is didn't add $1 to his bottom line. What added $1 to his bottom line was learning about what his customers cared about, and connecting more with them, and then growing in his ability to sell to people. And his impact grew and his income grew. By doing that, it's the same thing with my mom's business. When she got into coaching, I was there from the beginning, I saw her get into coaching and start doing this. She was doing network marketing, she did ecommerce for years. She'd never like done coaching, she did some Bible studies at church. Her biggest breakthrough was when she realized that speed and rolling out offers was more important than making the perfect result for her clients. And that the truth is, is that all that our job is as coaches and course graders is to present people with an opportunity for success. We can't actually make people do the work, we can't actually produce results for anybody. Now, that's interesting, because our entire job is to sell the results to people. And there might be a conflict mentally in you, as soon as you realize that is the truth is you're selling results that you can't deliver. I can't deliver a six figure coaching business to any of you, but I can point you in the right direction. And I'm and I can sell you an opportunity to go in that direction.

[827:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you wanted me to do that for you, it's going to cost you over a half a million dollars. Okay. And for most of you, that's the level like if you're gonna go in and actually build somebody's business for them. You need to see your value and your worth far above how you see it right now one of the number one thing that that limits coaches and chorus graders is not charging enough money, not thinking that people will pay them that much money. The truth is, there's always people in your niche that will pay top dollar for something, but you got to identify who those people are more specifically. So like I said, for Rick Pitino worshipers. Then we went to prophetic worshippers. Then we went to people learning songwriting, and it worked out pretty good. As soon as he pivoted to songwriters, who have written songs, but have struggled to gain traction with their songs. Those people were willing to invest a ton of money in dialing in their music, and getting the coaching and learning how to get their songs to win awards. And that was sellable. That was tangible. That was something that could be sold to people and Rick and Adam and David have experience in leading people to do that the guys that were running Rick's coaching program, they have experience in leading people to making and winning Grammy Awards in the worship niche. And so by by figuring out, okay, what specifically on the customer timeline, your clients, your coaching clients are always on a timeline. Okay. So like, again, for Rick, a lot of his coaching clients were right here on the timeline. They have already written songs, but not gain traction. They're like, they're only like five feet from the finish line. The closer you get to the finish line, the more money you can actually charge and make in your coaching business. Because you're just helping people get one step ahead along the way. The hardest thing to do in coaching is to actually move people from from step 1234, and five. So like step one for Rick's business when people just having faith, right? And then then realizing they can sing, and then then realizing, oh, I can write songs, and then then recording songs. So people had to go through all these steps before they got to the place where they were ready to actually learn how to get their songs out there. If they hadn't recorded anything yet, what are they going to get out there? They hadn't written anything yet, what were they going to get out there. And these people who hadn't written or recorded yet weren't really as likely to make an investment, but those that have actually written and recorded, they were willing to make an investment and so you want to look at along the stage of the timeline of your customer's journey. And this ties right into the hero's journey. The Hero's Journey is is a a narratology a comparative mythology. Let me see what Google says. I'm gonna just pull this up right here. It's the cycle that everybody goes through that every it's basically an archetype of coaching, okay. Is this is your client If they are a hero along the way.

[881:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so what you're doing is is they feel the desire, that's what's called the call to adventure to go do something that they haven't done before, that's when they see your ad. And they make a decision. They meet you and they see a threshold right here. This is where they opt in, and they're on your email list. And now they meet you as a mentor. And you present them with the challenges and temptations answers thing we call things, a challenge, a five day challenge or a five day intensive. And this is where you change the beliefs. And it helps reshape where somebody is. And now they have a decision to make, do they go back to where they were? Or do they transform into the person that is going to help them along the way, and this is what you are doing as a coach, you're helping people transform, and return. So this has gift of the Goddess, basically, they have new skills. When somebody coaches with you, they have new skills, they have brand new skills that they didn't have before. So when you come into this program with me, you're learning how to write, copy how to make offers, how to get more leads, how to run ads, that's what I'm leading you to, when I run my five day event, I'm calling people to the adventure of doing that. And then I'm walking you through the process, I'm walking you through the changes in your beliefs, the changes in your habits, the actions that you need to do to get those results. And it's the same for each one of you is that your journey of coaching is the hero's journey, that you are moving people along a timeline. And what you will notice is the closer that you are in your offer to the goal that they have, the more money you can charge for your offer. And so generally, this will be your high ticket offer about 10 to $20,000. This might be a $5,000 offer. This might be anywhere from 197 to 97. And then right here, you give this information away for free to people. So you think about along the customer journey, you give away free content, that that leads people to say, Hey, would you love to learn how to do this, would you like to learn how to do this? Sure, after you do that you move people to purchase from you something that costs two to $5,000. That's where you make your profit. And then after you get enough of those people and and and you have enough of those people that you're working with, you want to find the cream of the crop of those people. So you got 500 of them, who are the 10%, or the 5%, the 25, or the 50 of those people that really want to go to the next level, they'll jump into a $10,000 program with you because you're able to really dial in, those are what you would call, whether it be your inner circle, your VIP program, your up level program, your high level program, those are the people that are taking action, they've already ran through like in this business, they've already ran through the five steps a few times. So now they need more specialized coaching. So now I want to make a group of people, I plan on doing this next year that have already ran through the five steps multiple times. And that's that group of people has already gotten to that stage. And they want to scale further. So this program will focus on getting you to the place where you're actually writing your offer where you're actually launching it where you're actually releasing it, we're actually getting people on your email list. Getting people on your email list and selling to people is the number one activity for coaches and course graders to build a business successfully, and everything hinges on you pulling people off of platforms like Facebook, like Instagram, like tick tock pulling them off of those platforms and onto an email list and getting them into an environment with you. Whether it be a Zoom meeting, whether it be a pre recorded video, where you can sell to those people and lead them to the next stage along the hero's journey. Okay. And so that's what you will get out of this program. That's what this program is, is to help you basically build out that Hero's Journey every step along the way. I'm here to help you I'm here to hold you accountable. I'm here to help give you the support that you need. I'm here to to guide you in the right direction. And so now I want to open this up to questions for those that are on here. I'd love to hear from you what your questions are, what your thoughts are on what I've been talking about today. If you want to raise your hand if you want to unmute yourself, let's go for it.

[960:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Who has who has a question right now listen, there's no silly questions. We can even go back to like, where are you on your on your launch cycle, right? Where are you on that launch journey? Maybe you're above the launch cycle, maybe you've launched six to 10 times. Maybe you're just finding your niche at any stage. I can help you with that. All right, Shonda. Shonda Whitworth?

[969:00] Speaker 1: Hello. Can you hear me? Yes. Okay. Can you see me how to turn the lights on? Yes. Turn that ring light on. Anyway, thank you for all that you have put together in this growth accelerator. Client growth accelerator. I went into the irresistible offer today went to the first lesson. I did not realize how many lessons are in there. I mean, I am like, wow, overwhelmed at the gyms that are there. Anyway, I've been playing with the tools. I've been playing with Jasper, I'm about halfway through my words. And I still haven't got all that copywriting down. I do have another copywriting tool that I had purchased previously. So that when you have to put the research in, or Jasper does the research. Got it? Yeah. I kind of like that aspect about jujitsu.

[984:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it helps you kind of pull ideas out, and then you can direct it. If you don't like the information it's giving you you can direct it to get more specific. Right.

[986:54] Speaker 1: I haven't learned that. That's the part I haven't quite figured out yet. The

[988:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: when you're in boss mode, under the description, if you put something in the description, it will start to wait it towards that direction.

[990:32] Speaker 1: Okay, yeah, I put something over there today. And it just kept repeating the same words I had already put in there. Okay. Yeah. So I guess we can get into that emotion. And I think last time you told me like, bind. In other words, I go to the Thor's with our supplier. In other words, you know, so I haven't done all that yet.

[996:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, offers that cell will be really helpful for you with that.

[997:16] Speaker 1: Yeah, that's what I started today. Awesome. So the other question, I had us on the Facebook group mailer light about the mailer light thing, I've been using mailer light, now this is already in mailer light had already migrated them from MailChimp over to Miller Lite, because I like some of the design aspects. Better than that, that you said there was an issue with connecting them to the Facebook ads, and I

[1003:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: just never used it. So I don't know if there technically is or not, she was having an issue herself, and I am noticing already on the page, she's firing the lead too early. So I will have to look into that.

[1008:00] Speaker 1: So maybe it's something I need to explore more because I started working on the landing page today in malar light, because they have great design aspects with their landing pages as well, that MailChimp and so I was playing in Canva working on a graphic. And because I just got some photos back from I got a few photos back from a photographer that I had done some photos a couple of weeks ago. So I'm I guess I was just more concerned about the tools and reason why you recommend them. And we're using other tools already. How can you suggest migrating are we try them with the tools were already using before we came here or

[1019:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: die would try them with the tools that you're already using. If you're having trouble with those, then maybe try using the other ones. The reason why I recommend the certain tools that I use is is the balance of cost and speed, and how quick it is to get stuff out there to launch things because really, again, struggling with tech tools is is not fun. And it's one of the biggest things that will stall you from reaching your clients is struggling to try to make the technology tools work. Okay. But yeah, start with the tools that you already have. Every tool does the same thing. They all do the same stuff. But some of them are harder than others to get the same result with because they don't have integrations and you might have to program code in them versus just point and click stuff.

[1034:04] Speaker 1: Okay, but as far as the Facebook ads go MailChimp has integration because I've not done Facebook ads.

[1036:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So MailChimp connects with Zapier really well but that's also the form function in Squarespace, the forms function and Squarespace does that.

[1038:50] Speaker 1: Okay, so you went forms like I have WP forms already, is that you're different than WP forms. So you're

[1042:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: using a WordPress site? Yes, yep. So then because you're on a WordPress site, you will actually want to use it again, in the Facebook ads Made Easy course I go through how to do this, depending on if you're a WordPress site or not, you'll want to actually connect the Facebook plugin to your WordPress site, and then have a thank you page that they go to after that. And then that's your trigger for where your lead event is, is the thank you page, because that's actually going to connect with the conversion API. Okay, so you have a page that it redirects to after they opt in that says, Thanks for registering. And that page is the conversion page. You can and you're able to configure that page in there as the conversion API page.

[1055:22] Speaker 1: All right. I'll go through that course this? Yeah, it's going over my head right now.

[1057:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, because you're not in it, you're not doing it, you don't have it in front of you. So you're trying to understand something that you literally can't see. So that's not that doesn't work that way. That's not how things work.

[1060:17] Speaker 1: Well, I'll go back to focusing on step one.

[1061:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to focus on writing your offer?

[1062:16] Speaker 1: Copy? I mean, I have so many bits and pieces are already playing with Jasper playing with my other software program already got bits and pieces. I haven't got it all tweaked out. So do you have it totally tucked out before you start putting a landing page or D kind of jump around like I was doing? Like, I probably

[1067:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: tweaked out what does that mean?

[1067:54] Speaker 1: Totally worked out your whole opera copy written? Yeah, like it's ready to go. Or I have drafts and bits and pieces of it ready.

[1069:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I usually just do drafts and bits and pieces. And I kind of edit them in as I go. All right, that's yeah, when again, when it comes to running ads, here's here's the thing. Because everybody uses so many platforms, it would take me probably 50 hours to show you how to set up each platform. YouTube has videos of every single platforms Facebook ads setup. In the Facebook ads Made Easy course in the very beginning lessons, I show you how to set up the pixel part of it. The part where you actually run the ads is the same. The technical aspect of getting that set up. If you're struggling with that for more than a week or so I would go to fiverr.com and find somebody that can at least just set up the integration for you. And they should be able to set it up based off of what your site is and what your offer is pretty quickly. Okay. All right. But like, again, word, WordPress is different than Squarespace. MailChimp is different than mailer Lite. I like Squarespace and MailChimp, because they just they connect in seconds, and they and they work much quicker to reach the end goal. And their cost effective. Versus Click Funnels is 300 to $500 a month for the version that everybody's gonna want to be at. Right? Funnels is actually I would say Click Funnels 2.0 is the best platform out there, once they dial in this that stuff, but you're going to be paying a premium for using Click Funnels to point out. So

[1094:21] Speaker 1: I haven't been in Clickfunnels alone. For a long time. I've been maintaining my own Click Funnels. I've been maintaining the 999 a month thing and I think I'm about ready to let all that go. Yeah.

[1098:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I'm telling you, you can make an offer work that's just literally text on a page and a forum. And, and then you you set up a thank you page if you're on WordPress where it fires the pixel. It's just it's a paid like after people sign up. It says what the thank you pages, you make a new page in WordPress. And then that page it says thanks for registering. And that's the trigger that tells the Facebook ad that somebody opted in.

[1105:34] Speaker 1: Okay. Well, I think that my WordPress is up for renewal in February, I think I'm about ready to migrate anyhow. So you're saying Squarespace is much simpler.

[1108:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that was one of the biggest things I said, if you already have a website, you could literally create a Squarespace site just for your offers. And just launch an offer in there instead of building out a whole website. So then you could link to the offer on your Squarespace site with the URL to a new domain name. Truth is domain names don't matter too much these days. If you're not making if you're not making over $10 million, your domain name doesn't matter. The idea of branding to a domain name that's old school that doesn't matter anymore. The ideas of branding, what you're actually branding is the experience that people have with you the experience that people have when they work with you. That's true branding nowadays it's has nothing to do with your website, your domain name any

[1120:00] Speaker 1: that? Well, that answers my question. My deep question that never even asked is, yeah, just need to follow your system and where you're having success. And

[1122:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's all it's all about keeping it simple. Yeah,

[1123:15] Speaker 1: not making it complicated. So, all right, thank you

[1124:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: this, the simpler it is the better and it's again, the faster you get your offer out there, you get people that you're connecting with, all the other pieces start to fall together much quicker when you get people in front of you to coach with and to work with, because they're the ones that are going to tell you the messaging and the message and how to reach them. Again, I say all of this is somebody who has literally like I obsessed over website templates and graphic design, and aesthetic of branding and looks and feels and and my first job was video editing and then making websites. So I did that. I came out of that and realize after working with my mom after working with multimillion dollar course creators and coaches that none of that stuff really matters very much at all, to your bottom line until you're at a level where you're making a few million dollars. It does not matter that much at all. And even at that level, it doesn't matter very much at all at that level either. Is is like your website being perfect. And that all being done. The best thing is it's a you want a mechanism to where you get people's email addresses on your list. And you get to present to them in a setting to where you are connecting with people and you can sell them on a program. That's your number one goal. All the other stuff is just little frills and fluffy. It's nice, but it's not adding to your bottom line. If it added to the bottom line, it would, it would be different like in especially, we have a lot of people here that you might dabble in art in the art world, right? The quality is the bottom line in the artistic world, versus when it comes to selling coaching and courses. The number one thing that matters is your ability to connect with the right prospect, the one that you can solve a problem for and to sell to them. That's the number one priority. Then number two is actually serving those people and solving those problems for them. Your designs, your graphics, your technology, the platforms that all comes like three, four, and five below all those steps.

[1160:57] Speaker 1: All right, Miranda.

[1162:59] Speaker 4: Hello, yeah, I'm a visual learner I'm studying. So I really love this hero's journey. And I wanted to if you could touch again on those different steps, because I heard you say like the call to adventure is more like you present your your offer. And then the threshold is the opt in. And then the challenge is like the five day with the mentoring.

[1168:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's funny, I'm not super like I say this because y was here. And she probably knows way more about the hero's journey than I do. But like I integrate it into my marketing, so

[1171:54] Speaker 4: cool. Yeah, it's really cool. I liked it, because it kind of shows me where I am. And where I'm trying to take the person to so so I just wanted to remember what the revelation part was as the transformation beginning just as I finished the course kind of thing.

[1176:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? Know the transformation is Yeah, is while they're going through your course. And then they're applying it and doing a lot of that what applies more to your marketing is the beginning stages like the first half of it. So I just type in Hero's Journey Into and really this one is more accurate. This one is more accurate. And it is about hero's journey and advertising is the fact that it's really not a perfect loop. It's actually they go to an outer loop right here and it doesn't actually end, they ascend to a higher plane on the hero's journey. So the idea is called an adventure they see your ad. refusal of the call this is interesting because I think everybody who goes to transformation refuses to call. So this is where they actually ignore your ad or they're on your program and they don't actually engage with you. And then this is where they're like, Hmm, maybe I will jump in crossing the threshold is where they make the purchase with you. And so now your job is to lead them through tests, allies and enemies, which usually has to do with their mindset approach to the inmost cave. Again, a lot of this has to do with beliefs right here. And then I don't even know what that word is. So I'm just going to skip it. Basically, when they come out of that they have new skills, new beliefs, a new way of looking at the world and they're able to ascend to a new level and to go higher on their adventure with you, but it's the journey of basically your prospect as a head The storyline. Right, right. Okay. What was it that you said? I was just

[1202:33] Speaker 4: going back to the first one, just like, the color adventure is your ad. And then the threshold was the opt in or the purchase. And then the challenge, of course, is self explanatory indentation is the five day program that you're going to do like a free thing that you do.

[1206:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and I'm actually I'm really loving, just like when you go on. When you go on Google and type in Hero's Journey, like, there's so many like, Great, yeah,

[1209:14] Speaker 4: that's what I did, I saw these different layout samples of it.

[1210:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, and you'll notice, like, in a lot of movies, like Star Wars, and Lord of the Rings, and all that they go through, you know, a certain journey. I liked the idea of select tests and enemies, that's people launching their offer two or three times and it flopping, you know, like, this is your battle, that's the battle is really like dialing in your offer copy. But the reward is, once it's dialed in, you got all these people you're impacting, and the income starts coming in. Now, that's where you ascend to the next level. But But, but really like, especially in this program, what I'm working with most of you through is those first stages of like, the, the challenges, the temptations, the struggles, and really transforming yourself into a, not just a coach, not just a trainer, not just a teacher, not just the course creator, but one that earns multiple, six figures from doing so. Because that's a huge thing. That's a transformation right there, that I love bringing people to is, is taking people from, you know, I think just about anybody out there can easily make like $100 teaching somebody something, right, anybody can find somebody to give them 100 bucks, at least one person to teach them anything, even if it's tying your shoes. There's a difference between the person that makes $100 There's the person who might, they might make 2000. And this is where a lot of people get stuck at, versus the one who's making 20 to 40,000 per month from their coaching. And that's what I'm gonna, that's what I'm taking you guys through in this program is to get to that level where you're making 20 to $40,000 a month. Once you're at that level, that's where then you're qualified for, I think, my one on one coaching, and for my higher level coaching, because then I'm able to take you from 20 to 40,000, up to 80 150,200. Half a million dollars, up to that eight figure level. And those are, those are monthly revenues to 20 to 40,000. And it's really, I like spending time seeing yourself visualizing, kinda like, you know, think about Luke Skywalker did that he would visualize himself fighting Darth Vader with the training Frodo and Lord of the Rings, he would visualize what the what it might be like throwing the ring into that he would visualize the end result. And every Hero's Journey story has a part of that. Seeing yourself constantly reminding yourself, what would 20 to $40,000 a month feel like? What would that look like? What would that feel like? Or maybe not 20? But what would $10,000 a month to like? What would $5,000 a month feel like? One thing that I tell people is take a look at what is your highest level of income that you've ever earned in a month, double that number. And that's your goal with your like your next goal. Because you know how to get to your highest level of income, you could probably get there in your sleep in about six months, you would probably do it by doing what you did. And for most people, it might be their job that they worked, you would just go find a job in that industry or similar now your income would be at that level. To double that. You got to change some habits, you got to change some thinking you got to change how you're doing stuff. And that's what programs like this are for. It's the exact same for you with your clients is to help people get a transformation from where they are to where they want to be. Right

[1271:14] Speaker 4: that's I like when you said it that you know just have fun because the things that make me feel the most enjoyable that I do. Like I'm an I'm an Admissions Advisor for a university. So I get to talk to people and what they're trying to accomplish and I really enjoy just encouraging them and speaking identity to them. There you go. It's like when they kindly when that light bulb goes off and I remind them who they are that they can do this. It's like I get out. Yes, yes. I feel so like synergy can Yes,

[1278:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you are. You'll be you're gonna be able to take that experience and that's going to make you that much better when you do a virtual event with people, because that's exactly what you're doing in your virtual event when they sign up with you is you're reminding them of what's possible and leading people to make that purchase.

[1282:53] Speaker 4: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the last step is I love connecting people to resources to help them get to next level too. So those three things right there is what I liked it. Yes. So that's where it's like trying to narrow down the niche a little bit down to Okay, let me encourage you, let's seek identity so, but I also want people to fulfill the dreams of having their impact in life. So it's like complain when wanting to play with Jasper, well, which word should I go with you? We saw with the example we do with Jasper tickets, and I call it different directions like Ohio and pull it back in.

[1291:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: One that comes from again, you knowing what your customer is dealing with. And you understanding what you're helping people through is, if you're if the words if you're not recognizing the words, it's probably off track and you want to ask yourself, because the right words for your offer, they're gonna resonate with you on a deeper level towards what your vision was. They're gonna resonate more towards your vision and who you're working with. It's all about who first. Peter, I'm going to take Lylat question first and then. Okay. All right, Lila. Hello, everybody. How are you?

[1302:43] Speaker 5: I'm good. Sorry. For my like, messy backdrop. I'm surrounded by boxes right now. It's

[1303:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: crazy. That's okay. Um,

[1304:37] Speaker 5: so hero's journey. Well, this is amazing. Thank you so much. I think we're living the hero's journey. So we all kind of know about it in one way. But I think I do want to say just a couple things. The hero's journey may look complicated, but it really comes down to one core thing, which is pathos. And, you know, pathos where we identify with people, even if we don't necessarily like or understand them, or, but we, we somehow find a way to identify with them to support them. And I think you do that as well. And that I never really realized how much sales, you've really been teaching me how to equate what I already do in my artistic work with sales, because it's actually gave us an empathy. They're their twin cousins. And, you know, it's, it's really, really helpful. And the key thing is catharsis, because you're working towards a climactic moment of triumph. Really, that's a huge difference between diehard and maybe 1000 copycats, is the deep pathos we feel for both, both with Willis, his wife and the relationship. So yes, we're working towards this very dramatic client, you know, catharsis, but it's really about the connection. And you're starting to help me understand how sales is connection. And that's more fun.

[1326:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: That is 100% connection, it's 100% connected. And here's the thing is you also want, if people don't want to connect, you let them go. You let them disappear, you let them like off the hook, you're not trying to make them do that. Because when that comes from I would call an abundance mindset that there's an abundance of people out there that you can help that you haven't met yet. I know that experientially, because I've been in this industry for so long. I have met 10s of 1000s of people over the years, that all have different problems, issues, frustrations, and needs. And they're all very different. And they're just slightly off and different from each other. And it's all based off of what their actions and their beliefs are. So when you identify those beliefs that you're working to help people with, and what the actions are that they need to do, you're able to design your language in a way that is persuasive. And that also, it's both persuasive. And it it logically makes sense. And that's a very big part of it as well.

[1345:45] Speaker 1: That's really helpful. Thank

[1346:00] Speaker 5: you, because I'm so I've been struggling with multitasking just because as a development executive, it was meant multiple projects, because we'd never know which one would get into production. We always had to have other ones in the pipeline. So, so on my plate right now is it has a documentary film, like it's for grant money, you know, or, you know, financing. I have, you know, I have my book that I want to launch. But the good news is, and I was thinking of you, because I've been asked to do to pitch to possibly be part of a two day kind of event for corporate potential corporate clients, and I'm going to do my mintage. I'm going to launch into cool on that event. Also mentioned Julius is going to be more towards like corporate, but I did hear what you were saying about the fact that I do have that, that storyteller background and that possibly, you know, helping people with authoring and screenwriting and all that is within that. But right now, what I'm doing is pitching corporate people on mentoring their genius admin, as leaders, and also helping their staff meet their genius. And what does that look like? What does that actually mean? And what it really means is taking their potential from like this raw form, and putting it into tangible results that can drive. So that's going to be where I

[1367:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: dive deeper into what happens when somebody see it's always I love it's called the seven layers of why, why would somebody want to?

[1370:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: What did you just say that that you hope to do? And then third genius, you have a what you described it in a certain way,

[1371:59] Speaker 5: like taking their raw pretend like from raw potential into tangible outcome and results.

[1373:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: So why would somebody want to take their raw potential to tangible outcome and results?

[1374:38] Speaker 5: Well, because it can bring more profit, but it can also be massive personal development, which is really the core

[1376:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: because they want to grow personally. What what end goal what what desire is that and when you can answer that, it's going to help you write write your copy better? Well, because

[1379:04] Speaker 5: there's nothing better than standing on the mountain feeling like Rocky, then you just won, you know, the fight. Like there's nothing better than that. And the moments that I've achieved,

[1381:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: think about that, right there. What, like you said, what moments led up to that? What, how does that transform somebody?

[1383:48] Speaker 5: Well, it makes them It turns them into someone that feels like a champion, like they may have gone from feeling inadequate, before feeling inferior. And it turns them into someone that feels like a champion. And when you feel like a champion, your chances of having a champion, like it's so much better.

[1388:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so really meant to genius is about creating champions. Yes. So that's the that's the concept that I got. They call it the seven why's but there might be only three or four that you use. But you keep asking, Okay, why would we want to do this? Why would we want to do that. And you're able to dial in your copy from your overall idea into what your actual solution is? And reason why that you're leading them to what is that result, the result of mentor genius is actually to feel like live, walk and talk as a champion, out of the raw talent, go from raw talent, unrecognized, no voice to everybody, knowing who you are being a champion and impacting the world. And that's what mental genius does.

[1400:18] Speaker 5: Well, I can't thank you enough for framing it that way. Because I live and breathe that like every day, I want to treat everybody and what I've done for other artists. So big question, is this. I know it's recorded. But where did these posted?

[1404:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, it will be recorded. It'll be under the getting start the start here. Course in the members area.

[1406:32] Speaker 5: Okay. So so it'll be like what, like up by date. So we know where to find it.

[1407:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: That'll say October 22. Jumpstart training under the Start Here training? Yep.

[1409:03] Speaker 5: Okay, great. Because like that was so real, like, so brilliant. And I don't want to forget it, because you just voiced exactly how I've lived for the last I can't tell you how long and how many people I've, you know, support it, but but articulating it for myself, has just been so elusive. And you've just done it. And I'm so

[1414:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I think that this exercise of just well, why that's five why's but just going as deep as you can with why that is and asking the question and never, never letting that question be fully answered. For me and this business, I still haven't fully answered the why behind what I help people do in this program, and who I'm reaching and who I'm working with. But I'm dialing it in more and more like when I get on a call with my mom, when I talk with my wife. At this stage, it's like you don't really discover the next why about your niche on more like three to six month increments. And you learn it by analyzing the questions that come in and things like that one that I'm starting to see that's rising above, as I think that a lot of the people who join this program with me, coaching and courses is something that they're doing on the side while they're earning income doing other things. And that's something that I've done successfully. And that I know that people can do is that as well. But they want to make it their main thing. So they want to transfer transition into courses being their main thing, and coaching being their main thing. But how do you do that while managing all of the other stuff that we have going on in life? I don't really address that in my marketing very much. I don't address the idea of a soulmate client or coach, I need to put that in my my copy and my offer the idea of making a heart connection with the right clients. I need to talk more about that. And so by just adding some of that into my copy and tweaking my language more about how do you find the people that you can most impact and make a living so that this becomes your full time thing, coaching and training people see now that's gonna be the language for my future offer that I'm gonna put out there versus how do you get rich making courses, I'm gonna be honing in a little bit more on that emotion of who is actually becoming my customer.

[1444:50] Speaker 5: Yeah, I love that. Because there's nothing better than making money but with people that you actually connect with and enjoy working with, right? feel inspired by yourself. It's not what I love. That is it tells the coach Hey, you're going to be fed to, it's not just about giving, giving, giving, you're also going to receive from from, you know, the power of that connection. So I love that. That's really amazing. Thank you.

[1451:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Yep. All right, um, Peter, Peter.

[1453:39] Speaker 3: There. Thanks. I was just listening to your podcasts. 187. Okay, so, and it was, I had to come up to my brother's here, and I was thinking, it was really good. It's exactly what you're talking about tonight with the beliefs, changing your beliefs. And, and that really kind of resonated with me, because I was, you know, I've been doing this for quite a while. And I've had some ups and downs. I was a software company first. And then I became, you know, the teaching side, where, you know, and I've had some wonderful clients to the ones that, like you said, connect when they connect. Yeah, but I don't think I've ever gone back and said, you know, why did you come this way? Why did you come to me? Why, and then I almost wanted to take some of that stuff and put it through otter the sound 187 and figure out some of the the noted reasons that you already talked about in that podcast? Because it was backed down to, and I think I'm, you know, comes down to that whole thing about people. You know, we always wanted to believe other people can do it for you. And, and I've been, I've been disappointed by bookkeepers, lawyers, and they all stick you in the big bill. And then you realize, when you go the DIY side, you know, you kind of go, why was I paying them, when you actually dig into it? It's not that difficult. A lot of this stuff. It's time consuming, perhaps, but the learning side. So I'm not sure that, like, if you get a good client, I think that the one thing that you want to encourage them to do is dig in, right? Dig into the to yourself side, like like you're doing and that's one of the reasons that enhanced, you know, my decision to go work with you now. So, because I think it's, it's a really, it's a really important, it's a different level, you're starting to think on a different level, because and particularly marketing people, by the way, I've had a number of marketing people, it's time to shape up and learn it myself. So anyway, I just thought he did that. Because I think if you haven't listened to it, you guys fit at 187 is really good. You did a great job on that.

[1491:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah, that one is in the I'm going to tag Miranda in it.

[1494:12] Speaker 3: Yeah. Oops, wrong person.

[1494:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: A tag the wrong person.

[1495:50] Speaker 3: Oh, no. The whole podcast is ruined. That was one of the things you use as an example. Your marker did work or something? It's like, Oh, yeah. Some people would have started the podcast over again. refilm that or something? Right. And yeah, and I'm, I wasn't very comfortable with that. Like, I have 50 videos, that I had a telephone prompter, and I had, you know, all kinds of production level. And it didn't help. So I'm looking at this going, Yeah, that connection is the more important part. The content is you can get content anywhere. This document does.

[1506:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, there's so much content on YouTube, there's so much all like, like, that's like what sets you apart now as a coach, in in, in this market is being able to connect with people and learning like, what they want, what they care about, and delivering that and making it less about giving people what you want to give them but rather, just how can I learn what you're desiring and give that to you while still leading you to what you need? Like that's why I talk a lot about the mindset and the you know, going through the levels of why and and and creating the landing pages and writing the copy because that's so important for you to do that. Those were scenes I've seen over the years, so many amazing people with like, first off Almost everybody that I've ever met, that doesn't believe that they're good enough to make a course or coach is actually an exceptional course creator and coach. They just don't believe it yet, because they they have this self doubt. But once they start teaching, they're actually some of the best teachers that are out there. I struggled with that myself, I thought that I was the worst teacher on planet earth for years. And I had to realize, once I just started teaching people that I was, I was actually pretty good at it.

[1528:50] Speaker 3: And so, you know, you're kind of, yeah, they're not prizes. That's kind of like hitting the top of the mountain, like Miranda was talking about, we're, you know, when you get to the top of that, it's hard to explain that. Like, when you get that feeling of satisfaction of like, you're not just doing it for the money, you're doing it because you're really helping people and they like they want, when they call you when they start calling you or going, Hey, I need an hour or your time or something to tell to figure this problem out, whatever it is, that's probably the most fulfilling stuff because you're finally starting to go oh, okay, they actually.

[1539:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: And now, you know, I don't I don't give that hour unless people pay for it. I used to give it away for free.

[1541:40] Speaker 3: I've been doing that right now.

[1542:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's also realizing that like, you're more valuable than that. And there's like, you don't need to you don't need to get to a certain level, and have a certain level of performance or output before you can start charging what you're worth, you start charging what you're worth right now.

[1547:24] Speaker 3: Yeah. And that's, I mean, but doing those first steps to get your message out, is a critical piece, you know, like,

[1550:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just, yeah, a few of my clients today, this question is so important, I think, especially for you. And I think everybody else that's here that's on this live, and I hope, I hope more people hear this, I might edit this clip as something I asked clients in mind that are running ads successfully, and having successful offers what it was that got them to the point of where they were no longer afraid of running ads. And they realize that these are what all of them said, A I realized that my business wasn't going to grow with all the organic efforts that I was trying to do. And that in the coaching niche that running ads was the best way for me to actually make money. I saw it as an experiment and realize that it was more about testing and learning and not about making it produce a result from step one. Yeah, that's, that's a big one. And then number three, was I trusted the process and realize that just going one step at a time, produce results versus trying to have it all perfect.

[1569:51] Speaker 3: Yeah, that's, I mean, that's a big lesson to learn. I mean, I think I've learned it over the last year. Yeah, it took it took a long time to get here. But it's not there yet. I'm still at the now I met the construction and back end construction phase with you and following the risk. And, and that's what I'm kind of really looking forward to because I just, I put the boundaries on now. The boundaries everyone my on everything I do now. So it's different. That's a different approach completely. I was doing. I was I think I was trying to please people. Right. And that's just it's very expensive.

[1581:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, people pleasing is very expensive. And the results of it are they don't you don't pay your bills with thank yous. No, you can't pay your bills with thank yous. I really appreciated that from people. Yeah, now you can pay your bills. If it's Thank you, I really appreciate that. Here's a referral that will pay you money. That's a little bit different. But you don't always get those from people either. And just trying to rely your business on referrals isn't really a business model. Especially not in this business specifically. And so sort of

[1589:36] Speaker 3: a trust. It's a trust thing, right. It's a trust level. Yep. So thank you.

[1591:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, and this is great. And I'm really glad that you're here. I'm really excited to see what what you create. I'm excited to see your offer. And I'm excited to see your testing and putting that out there. I'm excited to see the results that come out of this. I get excited now whether somebody's like, Oh, if the ads didn't work, or they're like they worked amazing because both of them are opportunities to grow to the next level. Yeah, it does make me sad to see as people who have an idea They haven't niche, they've made a landing page. And they haven't launched their offer yet. And it's been nine months, they haven't put it out there. There's a few people in this program that that is where they are at. And they have a landing page, they have an offer, but they talk themselves out of it, because it's not the right time. It's not I'm not gonna name names of who it is. But it's, it's so I realized that a, they're going through this is what I realized with empathy, that person is going through something that every time they go to launch their offer, the fear is so much stronger than taking action for them. Now, I've tried to figure out what that fear is, and this person, they're very closed off, which is interesting. And the people who usually are at that level, I'm starting to realize maybe I can't help them.

[1613:15] Speaker 3: You know, well, yeah, they have to get through there. And, you know, I'm guilty as charged. Because, I mean, I took a course about a year ago, and but I had had more people around in the company, and I was trying to distribute that work in without, like, when you own it, it's different. It's very different. Like when you own it, you you're in it, and you're trying to create a but I was doing what you said in 187. I was going okay, well just trust these people. They'll do that they'll write to copyright.

[1621:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Never worked. Yeah. If somebody has a track record, and then you hire them for that, it's a little different. But yeah, it's Yeah. Usually, if it's just asking people to help you with stuff they're probably not going to deliver.

[1625:47] Speaker 3: But I did find one thing sorry, on the leads, like I got a guy that would get leads, but there was no follow through on the funnel, like on the funnel. Like it didn't come back to me and never, you know, like, it wasn't coming back. So.

[1629:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And the follow through the nurturer. Yeah.

[1631:55] Speaker 3: Yeah. So, but it didn't have the lives. It didn't have a live function, either. It was always like go to this webinar, which I think like you said, is that's gone by the wayside go.

[1634:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And those, like I said, those do work, I would like to see, you know, like for my mom, and for Joshua, we're starting to do a fully pre recorded webinar, I'll probably do one next year. But it's because once you dial it in live, and you know the nuances of what to say that people buy from you, then you can record it. And you can feel confident because of the same messaging that produced the results.

[1640:55] Speaker 3: You gave me a good idea. I'll tell you what I did, too, is in the previous course that I did. We created a video a webinar called the Five shifts, and the five shifts where the shifts you have to make to get to success, right? And awesome. And so what I realized, now, I can use one shift per day on a five day. See what I mean, when you're doing the five day? Well, let's say not the freebie, but because the $47 version. You do that? I could split that and make that to five, you know, five days of shifts, which shifts you have to make so I yeah, that's kind of where I'm going with it. Because it was too complicated. It was 20, it was only 24 minutes. But that was a lot for people to watch. Yeah. Especially if they don't know you're not quite sure what you're what you're about.

[1655:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and you're you want to dial in your messaging to learn what's people's level of understanding with you, too. And your language, when you're coaching them. You'll find the more people you work with you identify how deep that is, is the level of understanding that people have and really meeting people where they're at. Okay, one thing that I really want to just add to this, while I'm saying all this, take a look at whatever all of you are doing in your business and witness it without judgment. Don't judge yourself as being on not good enough yet, or I'm not doing enough work. Anytime that we get critical and judgmental of ourselves for not doing good enough is is really a recipe for stalling and putting an actually moving ourselves backward. When we say okay, this is where I'm at. I'm doing my best. This is what I've done. Not I'm doing my best, but I know I could do better. We got to like change the way that we talk to ourselves and really become our biggest cheerleader. And just say like I'm doing great right now I'm doing it like what I'm doing right now is great. I'm doing an amazing job and keep affirming yourself. Keep affirming that you're doing a good job along the way as you do the steps. Let's say you stall out and you're stuck somewhere affirm that and say it's okay. We're just going through something right now. Let's go to the client growth accelerator group. Let's ask. Well, you know, I'm stuck here and ask for help and ask questions and that's that's the way to break through because if we're just judgmental of ourselves, and we're saying, oh, I should be, I should be further along than I already am, oh, I should have already done like that will move you 10 steps backward, because it's operating out of a framework of focus on what you're not doing whatever you focus, you will get more of. And so if you're focusing on what you're not doing enough, you will get more of not doing enough. Instead of focusing on and saying, You know what I'm doing, I'm doing my best. I'm thankful for today, I'm grateful. Yeah, I'm going to learn where I'm stuck. I'm not going to judge why I'm stuck as being, I'm a good or bad person, or I'm worth XYZ amount, based on my performance. And instead just say, you know, what, how it is right now is good enough how it is right now is, is enough? And then say, Okay, now what do I need to learn how to do next time? What do I need to learn how to do for the next step, and then you find somebody that can help direct you and point you in that in that direction? Each step along the way, that's one of the that's one of the biggest things that that stops people from succeeding is the is the self judgment. And the criticism of ourselves of saying, well, because I haven't done this yet. Now, I'm not gonna lie, we get into this cycle. And I've struggled with this cycle myself. For years, I struggled so much, beating myself up saying I wasn't good enough that I wasn't producing enough that I wasn't focused enough. And until I just shifted that, and I said, What do I want my life to look like? I just wrote that down. And I made my focus what my future life would look like. And I made my focus on what desire I had. And then I said, Okay, now what do I need to go to work to do? What is just the next step? Not the next five steps, not the next two steps? What is the next one step that I need to do that's gonna move me one step forward. And then you keep repeating that process, observing without judgment, accepting the outcome, saying, What can I learn from this? Asking for help when we're stuck? That becomes a cycle of success is where you, you ask for help, to where you don't judge yourself. And then you just look at okay, what do I need to learn? What do I need to change? What do I need to adjust? And you do so from a place of not looking at it as I'm good or bad? If I do this, we don't label it as good or bad. Like, oh, I'm a good coach today, because I got clients. I'm a bad coach, because I wasn't doing my marketing. We don't label it as that. We just label it as I'm doing my very best. And I'm, I'm so thankful for the opportunity to serve people. And I'm not going to label it as good or bad. I'm just going to be, like, present in this moment in time right now, today to do my best to show up to serve people to meet people where they're at.

[1730:34] Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's good. Place. Yep. Oh, awesome. Thank you for that.

[1732:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right. Anybody else have any any questions today? Any questions? Anybody else?

[1736:44] Speaker 3: No other questions?

[1737:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Doesn't look like it. Well, we were gonna go to the top of the hour, but I think we can end it early.

[1739:28] Speaker 3: 10 Min. Winston? Or another? Like, is there a regular daily or weekly? A couple times a week? Yeah. On this. Okay. So I know

[1741:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: you jumped on a little bit late. Yeah. Sorry. Shonda has a question. But I will tell you, I'll just go through briefly and you might want to watch the recording. Once it's up. It'll find the recording of these under the client growth accelerator. Start here under members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Okay, you'll find that if you go to Jeremiah krakowski.com, and it's under login right here. Yeah, I've seen that. Okay. And then there's a Facebook group that you actually can join. Okay, that's right here. And this Facebook group is where everybody's in and you can post questions in the group and interact in the group and get help throughout the week in the group. On any anything in there. We do live calls every Monday at 11am. And you'll get sent a link to your email with those. Okay. This weekend we're doing offer Launchpad Live, which is from 11am to 5pm. On Friday and Saturday to work on building your offers. This will all be recorded as well. And I'm also going to be diving into more stuff on mindset stuff that happen Never even taught before on my podcast stuff that is all brand new, at least try not to miss the first hour. Okay, if you if you can join even the first hour on Friday, I think it'll be really impactful to everybody. And then we'll even dive into going over and writing people's offers and working on this. This is kind of a combination of like, like a seminar, and a working boot camp and an intensive all at once. It's, I am telling my list about it, they can buy a ticket to it. It's not like the five day we just did where like leads to a sale at the end. This is more just immersion to help people get results. Okay. Okay, so that's on that, and then we'll be meeting back up on Monday, and those recordings will be in the members area as well.

[1772:48] Speaker 3: I'll put that in for Friday. That's good. Thank you.

[1774:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right,

[1774:55] Speaker 1: Chanda? Yes, that was my question was what is happening Friday and Saturday. And so you explain some of that. So you said we're going to be working on writing the opera, writing the copy for the opera,

[1779:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: and working on yet launching your offers getting getting you guys to where your offers are launched. Basically, basically, it's like a sprint, where we get to kind of spend those two days together and do a whole lot of work together. Quicker than like that way this might save you months of actually needing to be on calls, we can get a whole lot more done. While we're on this call together. The recordings will be valuable to everybody, because I'll be teaching throughout every step.

[1786:33] Speaker 1: Alright, so how can I best prepare tomorrow for Friday? Like I've been working on my copy and playing around with it? Do I work on getting that tomorrow? Where I can show and get evaluation or feedback? Or is there gonna be that kind of workshop area? Or what can I expect on Friday?

[1792:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is that Yeah, on Friday, you'll be able to kind of say, Hey, here's my copy, here's my landing page, we'll be able to look at it together. During that time, it's Friday and Saturday on there. And so if you're on there, we'll be able to go over that together. You can also post it in the group at any time, we will have a copywriting rewrite day. I think in the next week, or so I'm not sure if it's next week or the week after I'll look into that to where we're actually going to then work on copy like a dedicated copywriting hour on that. But we're going to be talking about copy during these two days together. Like I said, you can literally show up with as much resources as you have now we'll go through kind of like answering the questions in Jasper and even building some of that copy in your offer together kind of like I do with my one on one coaching clients. Miranda says Are we meeting tomorrow? Thursday? No, there's not there's nothing tomorrow. There's not stuff like every day with the program. This week. There's a bunch of different stuff because usually I'll stack everything after we do a new round of people into the into the program. Okay, it says this think of it gives limits on storage space, yes. Two gigabyte videos. And so if you're dealing with that, you can also upload to Vimeo, if you need to do that quickly. Or I usually I just convert larger videos down to two gigabytes usually. But they don't have limits as to as to how many videos you can have. They're only limited in the individual video size. But you can literally upload an unlimited amount of videos. Will Friday recording be up before? Probably not? No, I don't think the recording will be up before Saturday session.

[1821:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Anybody else have any other questions?

[1822:54] Speaker 1: I just want to say thank you. I'm really glad I came. And yeah. So I hit hit one of those walls today. And one of those last things that you just shared was right. When I was battling, I'm like, No, I'm going to show up even though I don't feel like showing up because, yeah, I need to tell myself, I need to be there and learn and grow from what you have in here. And so thank you.

[1829:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's it. That's it, and everybody can grow in that way. I mean, the biggest thing is, is that I know that this stuff works, but if you're not going to do the work, it won't work for you. So you got to at least like do the work. If you're wanting to make a multi six figure income, especially in this economy. It's a lot less to learn than go into college and trying to learn a job that'll pay you that much you got a lot less learning curve and a lot less upfront investment. You know, because the idea is is that the campaign means end up funding themselves, that the campaign's end up making you you the money that you need to run your ads, you make it off of your sales, and you're able to put those into that. Also, if you use stripe stripe also has something called stripe capital, we've done that with Rick Pino, we just took one of their capital offers to where they're providing us with $30,000 in advertising capital, because we have so much recurring revenue. Oh, wow. And so we're able to now take that and reallocate that to be able to lower our risk as far as running ads and scaling thing. So we'll be able to scale a lot faster now, because of that, which is awesome. And so it takes about six months of consistent revenue and Stripe, and they'll make you an offer with that. They make it what's cool about the offer is it doesn't, it has nothing to do with your credit business or personal credit. It's just based off of your sales revenue. So it's like a Merchant Advance. The it is risky if you don't have consistent revenue, and you don't plan on growing because then how are you going to pay it back. But I plan on growing things. And so there's, you know, there's different ways to grow stuff out there. If you're using credit, the idea is, you pay off the credit with the sales that come in, and you start with just a small amount so that you pay it back. So like my first campaign, I ran 500 bucks. Okay, I made 2000. Okay, awesome. So now I'm gonna run a campaign with a $2,000 ad budget off of that. Great, we made 5000. Now the next campaign is going to be a $5,000 ad budget. So just keep reinvesting that as it goes in there, then you'll reach a limit on your budget, and then it'll start to hit sort of a flywheel effect, where you're bringing in more than the budget is and you max out on your budget on social media ads, you can usually max out around 10 to $20,000 a month in ad spend. With a good offer. It's actually hard to spend more than that on Facebook and Instagram, because of how the algorithm shows your offer to the right qualified people, it's hard to spend more than $20,000, meaning they won't show your ad to more people at that level, they'll end up just charging you more to show it to the same people. So we've actually constantly we reached the upper limit of advertising on most of those platforms. That's why the more you niche down, you're able to get more results with less ad spend. If you hear me saying like, Oh, we got 80x on our ad spend? Well, it's because we were able to hone in the messaging so much that we only had to spend our 10k. But we were able to get way more for it. And that's why as you dial in more, you will get more results out of the ad spend because it'll be targeted to a customer who's most likely to buy, instead of you wasting time with people that aren't likely to buy or they're likely to drop off after a month. And I'm looking at I mean this with with respect and love to people, but I have a profile now that I'm creating in my mind of who joins this program and asked for their money back after the first month. It is somebody who there's, it's very interesting. They are usually they don't show up on any of the calls, they don't show their camera, they're afraid of how they look. There they are, they're terrified of doing things wrong. They, they, they want to be told what to do constantly. And they they're not actually like writing their copy and creating a landing page and doing that. And then this is weird, I'll check their social media and all that they're posting about on social media is about their, like their food, and politics, and Bible verses and I'm like, Okay, this type of person as sweet as this person probably is, if they join my program, there's a 95% chance that they're going to cancel in the first month. And so how can I make sure that that as sweet as that person is literally never signs up for any of my trainings.

[1905:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's my goal is to repel that type of person. And so I'm pivoting a lot of my messaging to repel that type of person to repel the type of person that is not going to do the work. And to only attract the person who's actually going to show up and actually do the work which is awesome. So that's why it's it's important to really, like you'll get to know who's actually your buyer and who's most likely to have success. Um, I can, I can look at a range of people that they'll go from, like when they come in their personality and who will have the most success as well. And a lot of it has to do with their communication ability. A lot of it has to do with their ability to be humble and less self critical. I don't say these things in my podcasts and these trainings for myself or for my held there because I think that it's an important thing to say. I say it because what does it actually take? What are the differentiating factors between those who make money in a coaching and course business, and those who just wish they could make money. One of the number one things is there they are, they are not judgmental and critical of everything. They learn to bring that judgmental and critical illness about themselves and other people down any way that they can, and be more accepting, because here's the thing. If you're judgmental of your clients, you're gonna repel the ones that you're supposed to work with. Because you're not very fun to be around. You're not very enjoyable as a coach, if you're critical of everybody and telling everybody what they're doing wrong, instead of like, being caring, like, oh, yeah, like, you struggle with that you dealt with that? Yeah, everybody does, it's totally fine. You're not alone. People just don't want to feel alone. People want to feel like they're not the only one with the same problem. And then you can help point that person to the solution. And so that's extremely important is just having empathy. And then the second thing is relentless promotion of their offers, to get people on their email list. As literally, like, those two things are more than anything else. And I think the third one is, they just don't care at all what anybody thinks about them. Even if somebody literally wrote a thesis about how they are the worst human next to Adolf Hitler, it wouldn't bother them. Like, literally, like, the people that I know, that are the most successful, they could have the New York Times write an article about them about how they are the worst human being on Earth, next to whoever and it wouldn't faze them one bit, they wouldn't, they wouldn't worry about their reputation, how they look, or be fearful of what other people think about them. And that relentless, not worrying what people think about them is so powerful and so strong. But it has to be combined with empathy, it has to be combined with not ego, but rather, acceptance and, and the willingness to make a connection with people. And to be curious, being curious versus critical. There are two different things. So if I'm curious as to why somebody is struggling with something versus telling them, you're doing something wrong. It's a completely different dynamic in the coaching relationship. And that comes across in your lead generation as well. And how you create your offers, is if you're inviting somebody into the curiosity to unlock and discover what needs to change in their life, if your sales copy is written from a place of, well, you're wrong for doing this, and I'm going to show you how to be right, nobody's going to opt into that. You have a problem. And I'm the solution. Nobody, nobody cares about that. But rather, it's are you struggling with this, I get it, people deal with it all the time. Here's how you can fix that. And we've helped people fix that. And by changing that perspective, from your bad, you're wrong, because you're struggling with this to pay, it's okay, you're good that people deal with that all the time. Let's work on it together, we're in this together that demonstration that they're not alone, increases your value. And that will come across in your courses and your training and your coaching. And it will come across in your offers as well.

[1979:23] Speaker 2: Okay, and you, gentlemen, sometimes probably know, from your experience, looking at someone's first copy. And you may know, hey, you may know within yourself, it may not it will not go through, but you will let them fail for at least first time or something, you know, and then is I'm just trying to understand your thought process. Um,

[1986:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think if I know that it would fail. No, I wouldn't. Like if I know that it's like just not going to work. I will definitely speak up about it. If I don't know, then it's a test like I don't know every scenario where somebody launches a course and if that topic or that niche is going to work. And that in that angle as well. There's the nuances of offer copy, ad creative ad language, and then how well are they because you could actually get really good cost of leads really good customers but then you struggle it actually selling to them. So the offer might actually work on the front end generating leads, but then when they get in front of you, you can't close the deal, because you're not making that connection with them to where they try asked you. And that's a whole other factor right there. Does that make sense?

[2001:27] Speaker 2: Right, but the coachee still has to ask you the question. Hey, gentlemen, what do you think? You know, they have to ask you that question you won't, you won't come out all by yourself and let them know about it right. An Ask, ask can you receive if you don't ask you don't receive kind of kind of a principle, right?

[2006:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So there's a big part of that, because that can step that can step into codependency. And now you got 500 clients, and I'm constantly chasing down people telling them, oh, you need to do this, you need to do that. You need to do this. That's ridiculous. That's no way to run a business. It's impossible. Right? Yeah. So like, any human capacity to actually be able to do that.

[2012:06] Speaker 2: Right? I'm just imagining myself, I'm getting closer and closer. And you know, yeah, I take to take more number of steps. I know that however, when I get to that point, and where I'm just, just changing myself, within myself is where I had to ask Jeremy, my question, and he probably may not, he may not tell me if I don't ask him. So I better change my thought process now. So I couldn't be more. So it does, it is

[2020:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: a little bit different. It's here's the thing, if you come to me and say, Hey, this is how I'm doing it. I'm not changing it. What do you think Jeremiah? I'll probably say, Yeah, I'll try it out. Because I'm not gonna try to fight you and make you change your mind. But like, if it's like, hey, what do you know, what do you think? But I'm not Yeah, I'm not going around, like looking at everybody's offers either. And seeing how they're doing, I just, I don't have the mental brain space to do that.

[2028:19] Speaker 2: So the, but the coachee has to come to you? And if they do, then you you're you're of course there, you know, that's what it

[2029:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, definitely, they do have to at least approach you to do that. And that's another thing is, is like, if I'm attracting people, that's a huge part of it. If I'm attracting people that are literally, I mean, this with respect, they're incapable of actually approaching me and asking questions. Because I've met people that are like that, like, I'm like, you're struggling to like, oh, no, I'm good. I got it all figured out. Got it all figured out. I'm like, yeah. If if somebody doesn't actually ask for help, I don't know what to help them with. And I've removed from myself the need to help people simply because I see a problem, you know, now that that, that goes into, again, boundaries, like if I, in my family life, if I see a problem in my, in my home, with my with my wife, or with my son, like I will say something like it's, that's my domain. But as well, it's not that I'm doing so as a dictator and telling them you need to do this, I still want to do it from a place of curiosity as a leader in my home and say, Hey, is this working? What can we do better? You know, yeah. So but when it comes to my business, no, the I, there's a level of expectation that I have to where people will be grown up enough to ask for the questions and help that they need, versus expecting me to come to them. I actually dealt with this a lot, two years ago with a lot of my one on one coaching clients. And they would come back to me very upset that I wasn't reaching out to them to ask them what they had problems with. It doesn't when they and they were even holding me responsible for that. And I realized even how I sold them, what I would be able to do, implied to them that I would be available to do that. And so as a form of my own boundaries and mental health and being able to maintain my business is I retired from somebody who is more looking for problems and people and more saying, if you have a problem, come ask me. It's an open door, you can ask, but I leave that in the court of somebody else to where they still have to meet me halfway to to ask for

[2064:58] Speaker 2: help. Yes, today is an awesome day in my life. This has nothing to do with CGA CGA something that was waiting for 18 years. I got it today. Yeah, yeah. So I'm excited. For Okay, and like I said, this has nothing to do with CG. I just wanted to share the excitement because we are toward the end of the call. Once you get oh, no, it will be announced to the so it will be a long story. So yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm just happy. This happened today.

[2074:54] Speaker 3: What's the short part of it?

[2075:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, shorten it.

[2076:19] Speaker 2: Oh, you

[2076:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: got me curious.

[2077:13] Speaker 2: though. I mean, she just doesn't first first generation immigrant problem in this country. Someone was someone in my someone in my family. What waste stopped at the airport from entering the United States. That happened 18 years ago. Today was the answer where they downtrodden upon the circumstances, and they not that they fought it legally. They could enter in. That was an answer. That was a positive answer to the negative circumstance that happened 18 years ago, and we in my family, were being patient, awesome patients, and we will rejoice in that. Okay. All right. With you, that's awesome. Thank you for asking. I know this has nothing to do with CGA. Well, thank you. That's your graceful, gracious behavior that you asked.

[2092:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, sometimes sometimes it is necessary to ask, that's a that's a clue when you're coaching people. If somebody brings something up, sometimes they want to be asked about it, you know? So that's just learning that that nuance and learning that people like to be asked about things like that. So all right, well, hey, thanks, everybody, for being here. This has been another great Jumpstart. I'll tell you, each of the Jumpstart trainings that I do, they're they're different from each other, they're slightly different. They're coming more into alignment with I think this one is going to be more of a more of a staple. As far as like getting people started. That's why through the first one, and as a bonus with my VIP, because the first one is all about mindset for like very beginners. So I'm like, I'm gonna give people like this high level, jumpstart training for free off the first one that I did back in September. This one was definitely more action takers, go getters. People that are making stuff happen. So I'm excited. I'm blessed. And I'm honored to be with all of you.

[2110:10] Speaker 2: Thank you, everyone. One last comment on November 17, is a small surgical procedure that I have to undergo November 17. That's it? Again, you said that's a personal thing. But I know that, just FYI. It will take me about a week to get back to normal. We'll

[2115:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: be praying for you. Yep. Thank

[2115:47] Speaker 2: you. So just

[2116:17] Speaker 3: Yep. Yeah.

[2116:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, everybody. Have a good one. Listen, I'm I'm just I'm so thankful for this. And this has been a great time.

[2118:54] Speaker 5: Thanks, Jeremiah, you rock every single session, you're insane.

[2120:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've been taking all of these sessions that I've been doing from last week up to this one, and running it through Jasper and otter. And it's like it's creating this like ultra mega Lord version of like what our next offer is, like I said, I'm not pivoting I worded it wrong. I said, I'm pivoting the direction of our company. I'm pivoting the dirt not like what I'm doing for work, I'm pivoting the angle of my offer dramatically about 20%. To attract a better clientele, people that are more like those that are on this call. That way, you know, I have 100 of them watching me, or 200 of them watching me not people that are like, Oh, I'm just, I'm thinking about coaching. I'm thinking maybe it might work for me, honestly, like that's not the person I can help. If you're just thinking about maybe I can start a coaching business. I'm not that person. But if you're somebody that's like, Listen, I'm all in, I'm ready to do it, then I'm ready to go to work with you and get your results. And that's the client that I want to attract more of if I can, because I know listen, I only need I think like 500 in here. And it's a it's a million dollar a year program, which is awesome.

[2139:49] Speaker 3: So we're,

[2140:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, we're like over 1/5 of the way there which is awesome. So I love it. Thanks, everybody, for being here. And I will see some of you on Friday and Saturday and then the rest on Monday. We can for those that are watching in the recordings. We miss you. We'd love to have you on a live call.

[2145:58] Speaker 3: All right. Adios

