Client Growth Accelerator LIVE Training
Date: 2022-09-26T18:22:38.000Z
Duration: 94 min
Otter ID: 1POtRElLtvi5Jhb4Z6jLphmPN4o
---

[1:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right much better to go live on Facebook go live in the group. Resume just takes a little bit to watch working take this all right. All right, everybody. Hello, hello. Hello. Good morning. Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the live training here. Monday morning. It is nine o'clock in the morning here in San Francisco. So I'm on the West Coast, or my wife and I were headed down to Disneyland. Today. They're gonna be spending the next couple of days at Disneyland. Can't wait to see the Star Wars Land there. Once it'll be awesome. My brother got married last night, which is awesome

[37:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just said goodbye to my mama in the hallway. She was right outside the hallway here. Which was which was awesome. So. Right. A little more relaxed today. And just thinking about what I want to share with everybody today's gonna be again, we do the alternating live training along with the q&a, if anybody has q&a post in the chat. Do you have any questions you want to ask? Post your questions and post in the chat. Do any questions you want to ask your questions. And here next week is dedicated. Full q&a. Remember, you can always post throughout the week. I want to just remind everybody, this you can always post throughout the week inside of the Facebook group and ask questions. And I do my best to respond back with Dietsch. As you can see here detailed responses. I may not respond back like instantly. But I will give you a detailed response that I'll think about and consider. And so be sure to just be using this group for its purpose of serving you throughout the week. There's no dumb questions, there's no such thing as that. There's nothing to be embarrassed about no matter what stage in your journey you're at. And that's going to dovetail into my my training today. You know, we have the members area here where you can log in and find any of the trainings right here. Under start here, there's the the fast start trainings. We have the September one that we just did this week. This will help you kind of really if you're like you need a refresher to get started in your business. Those will help virtual event playbook we finished this course this last week, I just need to add some of my notes into here. I have not added those yet because we ended up flying back out here but I'm going to be doing that in the next 24 to 48 hours edit my notes. But all of the all of the lessons in the virtual event playbook course are in here. And so if you're somebody that's doing your virtual event, we're putting together a workshop to do you want to go through this to be able to really, like, understand what do I say during the event? How do I close the best sales? How do I write the copy for the event? What should I call it? Okay. And so this really breaks that down. Specifically, if there was one course around the best model for coaches, trainers, mentors to use, it's the virtual event playbook. It's this and irresistible offers that sell are the best place to start. And here's what I have identified. Again, everybody's usually at some particular stage that's in here, as you don't have your niche figured out yet, which we've I think we've helped address that quite a bit. Now. Because I've done a couple of trainings on that. If you don't know what your niche is still, under the virtual event vault, I have a training that I just did this past month, under this live session here, and it's a two hour session, all about starting finding your niche starting your coaching business. And so this September training is really good on that as well. I'm hosting another live one. Here. On October 1, I got some new photos, again, some more photos. So this will be on October 1 This Saturday,

[103:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: a training that and the goal of this, I'm going to lead people to another five day event, another couple of weeks, I'm going to be doing this, and I'm either going to do it again, live after this next week, I might even do it each weekend, I might test out either doing the same one each weekend for a couple of weeks, or I'm going to mix it up and do three different ones. finding your niche will be the first one, the second one will be lead generation strategies. And the third one will be messaging and a copy for course creators and coaches. And so I'm used to using these one day events, to then lead people to a once a month, five day one that once a month, five days will be called create and launch your coaching business to six figures. So I'm I just slightly changed the name of it. That's why observe, I'm sharing what I'm doing for you to observe methodology of what's working what's worked with our clients. After you do your virtual events a couple of times, you're gonna want to adjust either the name some of the copy, I just adjusted this, for instance, versus last time, this set originally said get started the right way to make eight to 10,000 a month. I'm now pre qualifying people to where I need them to have a vision and a desire to make 20 to 30k a month. Like to come into this program, you need to be able to at least see that as a possibility for you, whether it be now or in the next five years from now, but at least you know, like you can get there. I've found that if I'm just helping people get to like eight to 10k, their vision isn't as big, they're not as likely to invest into the next step, because they're just considering the process. So I need people to be able to have a vision for a quarter of a million to 360,000 to really be at least that much qualified for that I feel like everybody who's in here, you can see yourself making at least 20k a month, right? Like they like like, and that's not like unrealistic to you. Because some people are like it's unrealistic to even make that. And so that's why I was attracting some people in the free event, I'm saying all this to you, by having the language say eight to 10,000, I'm going to be attracting a slightly different person by not even saying that, and moving slightly up the income ladder just a little bit to qualify people better. And so that was the one thing that I changed that was it the only thing I changed on this landing page. But I know that the leads are going to be more qualified because of that. And so even those tiny little tweaks will help and then I added this right here, who's this for I'm literally disqualifying people from the get. And I'm going to be adding this to all of our free events here. And you guys can copy this from my event for yours and adjust it. Basically anyone who's willing to take action to a plan that's been given to them willing to take their life to the next level has a vision for where they're going or want one, they at least desire to have a vision if they don't have one. They're teachable, willing to learn new skills, they want to make six and seven figures. They want to build a business with honesty and integrity. So like that's all of you right here. This is not for those who think they know it all already and are here to criticize. They're not those that are, you know, they want everything given away for free that already qualifies somebody as you know, being a buyer. And so we're repelling people even with this. They're not looking for a lottery ticket. They don't just hate their boss. They're looking for a quick way out. They don't just kick around and search ideas now check this out. I actually got these from an old page that my mom did like, eight years ago.

[163:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I went back into the archives and you can go into some of you don't might not know this archive.org, it has a record of every single website that's ever existed, and their history. So I was able to go back eight, almost 10 years to copy that we wrote for an event that worked really well, it was a live event that we did for my mom and borrow this copyright here. And so that's the only things that I changed on this was qualifying the income level and then disqualifying certain people, and then I changed my my photo and then relaunched the same event that I did a month ago. So that didn't take more than like an hour to do to then relaunch my event with the same ads to bring in people because it worked really well. And so that's something to remember is that once you get your event done, you can tweak it slightly and launch the same thing once it becomes successful. With Joshua Giles, we're launching, we're launching the same event for now the third time. With Rick, we're launching the same event for the 10th time with him. And so we haven't had to spend a lot of time in tweaking our event, once we find a lane and a focus, it's really working, the hard part for a lot of you is gonna really come in this beginning stage. And it'll get easier as you go along as you start to build things. And so where a lot of people are is they they don't have their nets figured out yet. If they do have their nets figured out, they don't have their copywritten yet, okay. And so again, Jasper AI and the community, the community recipe here will help you come up with your copy. If you don't have your copy written yet, have you posted it in the group for me to review, I just did a copy review in the group this week, and came up with some suggestions for somebody who posted their copy. So be be be willing to go post your copy in here, we're going to be doing the live copywriting days as well. And then the group and myself can give some feedback on what that is. For instance, Erika actually posted her copy here in the group. And I just looked at it and I was like, You know what, this isn't connecting. It's not connecting. And I gave her my feedback on this right here. And, and so this is what I shared is you know, when you're writing copy, you don't want it to be proper grammatical writing your the goal of your copy is to incite and trigger an emotion in people not to sound smart not to write in a proper way. And so that's an important thing to remember when you're writing your copy. I am starting the copywriting mastery course this week, once I get back in town, recording the copywriting mastery course and the new updated Facebook and Instagram ads course. So I'm going to be able to work with you in tandem with these lessons with the group with the virtual event playbook. You're going to have an updated copywriting course, or a new copywriting course from me where I'm going to walk you through the nuances of writing copy, as well as the new Facebook ads and Instagram ads for simplified. And so those two are coming, I'm starting producing the lessons and launching those giving those both to you here in here. So that's why I'm these trainings. Again, I'm going to end up pointing you back to a lot of the content that is going to be posted in the group. And all of that is you know, pre recorded training that I'm giving you. And so that's posted in there, strategically, the different courses, the different trainings, for where everybody's at, on their journey. And so, if you, if you have your copy written the next stage where a lot of people are at us, they haven't created their landing page yet. Okay, if you haven't created your landing page yet, maybe you don't know the technical aspects of it, you can either talk to Steven Robbins, he's in the group, you can tag him. And he can help you set that up. I'm trying to hold my stuff here. And you can go to members right here, you click on members in the group and you can look up Steven is actually an admin in the group. He doesn't work for me, but we work in tandem with a lot of the same clients together. And so he is trained in all of the systems for virtual events for launching your virtual events for building them and and knows how to deploy them really quickly. So usually all you need to send him is your graphic with the name of your event or you don't even need a graphic and then your copy and he'll build the whole thing for you. And so that's that's why he's a really great resource because he's building specifically everything that I'm teaching you he's Creating them for other people as well. And so he does it really quickly. And I think he has a package that he's putting together for that as well. That'll be the fastest, easiest route or you can start to build it yourself. If you want to know how to build it yourself. There's a training that I did.

[244:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: About a week ago, it'll be under the accelerator trainings archive. Right, all right, all right. About two weeks ago, bonus funnel building training September 5, right here. And so I break down like how to actually build out your landing page under September 5 here, how to actually build out that page, the auto responders in MailChimp, and all of that, if you're stuck wondering, okay, more of the nuances of how Squarespace works. And you want to use Squarespace. website building Made Easy goes over that in here. And particularly, you don't need to go through the whole course. I cover a lot of it kind of in the beginning. This is more about Squarespace is about getting started. These first two, basically chapter five, and six. This is all about like starting your Squarespace site, five of chapter five and six really go over, like the nuances of and I broke this down by lesson really strategically as to like what you need to get done, what's you're actually wanting to create. So like how to create a contact form editing, Contact Form Settings, editing your fonts. So you can find a lot of that in here by going through chapters five and six in the website, building Made Easy course. And this one right here I created a less Oh, it's right right here the founder, Brian, I should start because I send everybody to it and I can't find it.

[277:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here this call to action funnel opt in template page design. Okay. So this is a training inside of Chapter Six of website building made easy read for template. And no matter what template, you use the method, the methods work the same. It's I break down kind of like more on like how to put together your actual opt in page landing page and setting that up in here as well in this training. So that's more like the technical side of it, it's actually pretty simple to learn a lot of the tech stuff is very quick to learn, you really can't break it. And they make stuff so much easier. Squarespace has all the features that WordPress had. But you don't need to, like do anything crazy, you don't need to install plugins or anything. It's all just drag and drop. And so that'll help you with that if you're stuck on that phase of your journey. And so people are they're stuck out they don't know their niche. I showed you the training for that they don't have their copy written. There's a number of different trainings inside a virtual event playbook as well as I just did one on Jasper. In the group on my page, I got podcast episodes on Jasper Jasper has different stuff written about that. I have a number of the the events that are in the private event vault, go into that about copy. I know they copywriting intensive right here live copywriting event, we'll walk you through how to write your copyright here. If you don't have your landing page made yet, create that page in Squarespace or hire Steven. And then usually if people have their landing page made, they haven't launched it yet. They haven't put it out there. Okay, so now that's the next phase. These are usually the different places where people get stuck. This is the different places where people at and so depending on where you're at, there's always what's the next step for you. Usually whenever you're like, Okay, I haven't made any progress in a week or two. Go post in the group about where you're at, what's what you're thinking, what's going through your head, why you haven't made progress in that next area. Because what you want to get to is to really, like be successful and even to get to the seven figure level. You're going to end up launching an offer your offer every every other week, a new offer each week. It doesn't have to be like a new offer, but it might be like I did like I relaunched my finding your niche train, and then I'm relaunching my five day training. So every two weeks I have at least something out there to bring leads in to then sell the people. Somebody that somebody asked me was, Can Can you do that pre recorded because that ends up becoming a lot of work to do that live with People and here's my suggestion with that if you're not really good at sales, and selling to people, and you can close sales, and you know that you're an expert at it, which usually takes takes about a year of selling consistently for most people to get to, that's just on average. And you don't have a lot of like sales experience, doing it live is going to be way better for you. Because the fact that it's live and it's not pre recorded is going to make you more trustworthy to people, you're going to be able to talk and interact with them in person live. And so if you're not like really persuasive at sales recorded, your pre recorded is probably not going to hit the right notes that it needs to help people because a big part of it is you reading the comments while you're doing it and responding live back to people in your first initial couple. Okay, once you get good at it, and you find you're doing the same event over and over again, and you're not changing the event live. And it's literally the same presentation, because it's just closing sales left and right. And you've done it live, I would then run that pre recorded. That's where Rick Pino is at now. He's done it live for almost a year straight now. We he did every single one live. And now he's running recordings, because he knows the nuances of what closes those sales each time, because he didn't live enough times. And so again, I do get that life happens, if you one of the best things to do put yourself into if you need to pre record, I'm not saying don't pre record because we have had success with that. But you're going to, if you're like, it's too much of a risk, and you're nervous about it already, you might do better doing it live, if the thought of doing it live makes you nervous, then maybe try for a recording, that might do better for you put yourself into the mental state of mind that you're talking to people that you're speaking to a group of people live, that you're making your presentation live to a group of people, whether it's live or not, you want to at least put yourself in that mental state of mind. And if you got to have a friend on their live, just say you're talking to somebody live, you could do that as well. Okay. And so once you launch, that's something to do. But here's what I'll say. Don't put so much focus on like super professionalism, and perfection in the actual presentation.

[356:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: The only place that I really put a lot of focus and nuance into here's my is the copy and the message. Because I find that the copy and the messaging have so much are the number one things that determine your cost per lead, and attracting the right client. And so if you're attracting the right client, you don't actually have to, like be super perfect or polished. In the final training. Like right now I'm in a hotel room right now here on our vacation, my brother's wedding was here, there's noise around my wife is doing stuff over here, there's a lot going on around me, I didn't have to like go book a space to go do it and like the studio and all that. If you got kids running around, it's that's actually okay. And that was something somebody said is like, I don't have any time where my kids are like, not around or jumping on me or I'm like, You know what, like, if you got to do your, your training with the kids around or a kid on your lap, like, I know, my mom is somebody that really taught like you can you can make it work, you can make it work, if you got to find a babysitter do that if you got to have a kiddo with you, you can do that as well. Professionally, professionalism, quote, unquote, the idea of looking like a pro to people is so it's such a waste of time. My opinion. It really is in this industry, and the coaching course creation industry, because the type of people that are going to not want to work with you because you quote unquote, don't appear or sound professional enough, aren't really the right prospects for you anyways, they're not going to take action. They're, they're too focused on what you're doing wrong and validating themselves. And so when you qualify the right people, when you bring the right people in, I've gotten to the point now where I don't mind if and I'll get them, I'll get messages from people like you know, you were really very unprofessional. Jeremiah, you were so rude to that person. You were just like people being very angry at me that I'm not the way that they think that I should be right. And you're always going to have those people you're always going to have those judgmental people on your trainings, especially the free trainings, the ones that are meant to work with you, they're not going to care. If there's background noise if there's like, your camera isn't perfect, I use a $20 camera that I got off of Amazon. I use $100 microphone that I've used for 10 years and so the people that really are meant to work with you, they're not going to care about that what they care about is that you're intentional with them, that you're intentional with helping them then bring them value, not how it looks. And we've just found that across the board, in every industry in every niche, that trying to look sound appear professional, do it all perfect. As far as the setup goes, that doesn't add to the ROI, nor does it add to the results that the clients get. Now if your audio is really bad, people can't hear you. There's like, okay, that now that's maybe an area to look into. It's funny, I'm saying that while I'm looking at, I think my microphone might be turned down really quiet. Races right here. See, so like I do care about that I care about like you guys actually being able to hear me understand that I'm focused with you. But I'm not like super concerned about like, do I have the perfect setup here, in the in the hotel room, I will find grabbing a corner is usually a good spot to do stuff grabbing a corner in your house, not having solid tech, close these blinds because I was really dark. I'm not having like right light behind you. Rather than having a good light on your face. That's enough to have your content be great to have your your coaching your training, your ability to focus in on who you're talking to and who you're communicating with. And not being distracted is going to be one of the biggest things that you can learn is to control your your mind and your mental state. One of the best tools that I've actually found for this, I have not referred people to it, but I am going to start

[428:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing so is is headspace. And so I use the headspace app myself, because I like the price of it. I like the trial of it. And so what I do is it's literally it's just breath exercises, it's your basically, I sit there and listen, and I did this before I did this as it's okay, focus on your breathing, breathe in and breathe out. And okay. You know, as thoughts go by, observe them and what it is, it's helping you not let the thoughts control you. You're detaching from letting thoughts control you. And it's mindfulness training. Versus you're not like emptying your mind, you're just letting things go by. And so I actually had a lot of stress and anxiety, an hour before I jumped on here with you. There was just wait, there's a lot of stuff going on. Right now just a lot of stuff going on, that I'm not gonna go into. It was able to help me focus my thoughts. And then I made a list of notes of what I wanted to talk with you about. While I did that for 30 minutes before this training, and it helped me really kind of get into a state of mind of confidence and clarity, and feeling really good about myself before I came on here with you. I actually do this every time I'm about to I take 30 minutes before I go live. Before I hop on a coaching call before I talk with anybody to do that. Now sometimes we can't do that. But what you'll find is the more you do this in your life, you give yourself opportunities for mindfulness, you give yourself opportunities to to calm your mind to control your mind to not let the thoughts control you to where and I love headspace is really like it's the best one that I found. It's not weak, like I like it because it's not new age or weird. And that there's no like, like, like spirituality side to it. It's more of like, just calming your your inner energy and your like excitement and that nervousness that like when you're like feel like you're tense or anything, you know, you might have had coffee, or you might have spiked your blood sugar or something, it helps you kind of calm that down and not let what's going on outside of you control you by being able to be aware of what's going on in here. And learning to control the thoughts. And so that's why I really like it. And I use it as a tool that helps me when I'm about to either do my presentation when I'm going to be doing copywriting. When I just need to focus I can't think well our brains literally will focus too much on an issue or a problem when it comes to our copywriting. When it comes to our sales when it comes to our marketing, we're focused focus focus too much. And it ends up going into a fight or flight state. And we don't think very well in that state. We don't come up with creative ideas, it actually shuts down the creative centers of our brain to come up with ideas when we're too focused on making an idea happen and this might have happened with some of you when you're thinking about your bed Is this your virtual event? What you're going to be saying during your event? When we focus too much on that, and we don't learn, okay, how can I actually clear my mind? How can I order my thoughts? How can I call my spirit down, and we're too focused on making something happen, versus just going with the flow ends up the opposite ends up happening. So we lose our creativity. And so if you're struggling with that, if you want to know, how can I be more focused, how can I present better, again, your diet matters. Getting enough sleep matters. I made sure even this morning, I knew I was talking to you. And so we were out late, I had to get some work done. But I set a deadline, okay, I'm gonna be in bed before midnight, I'm gonna get up at six, I'm gonna get six hours asleep. I knew that I maybe wanted seven or eight. But six is what I at least need is a minimum that I know that I could serve people well, and then maybe take a nap later today, right. And so figuring out what your flow is, is going to be very important. What I love to do, and this is what I tell people, my best clients is we talk about getting into what's called a flow state. Getting into a flow state, when you are presenting, when you're writing copy, when you are creating your your website, and what you'll find is, if there's any activity that you're doing in your business that pulls you out of a flow state, what is the flow state?

[503:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: It is described in some different ways. Have you ever noticed when you first learned to write to drive a car that you were thinking so intentionally about driving it and not crashing or riding a bike, right, but then it became natural, and you actually didn't think about it, you actually stopped thinking and did better. While driving. You guys don't think about driving a car, you don't think about when you ride a bike. If you actually focus too much, you actually might get back into that state. It's the same thing with your marketing with your copywriting with your presenting with your teacher in your courses. For me, if I can get into a flow state when I'm teaching you when I'm coaching you, I coach, but that's why I tell people actually don't pre plan too much. I got maybe like, I wrote a list of notes here today, to help keep me on track. It's this long. Okay. And but I'm not like going perfectly down that list. I focus more on how can I get myself into that flow state? How can I make sure to calm the anxiety inside of me, calm the stress, not that let the stressors control me, because that's where the best press presenting comes out. That's where the best sales copywriting comes out. That's where the best coaching comes from. That's where the best teaching comes from, is when I can get myself into a state of mind. And so what you're going to notice is in your business, a lot of building a six and seven figure coaching business is about state management. It's about managing your state internally, and managing what's going on up here versus it controlling you. And so what we eat has a lot to do with that. spiking our blood sugar can really affect that as well. There's a lady called the glucose clean. I'm not a health expert, or glucose Goddess. My wife and I have been following her for about a year. And literally, since following her, our lives have changed dramatically. Just her content, she has this book called The glucose revolution, but just her content has helped us and so she points out different types of foods that you eat that will either spike your blood sugar above baseline, like ice cream, or what keeps it at baseline and look at this ice cream plus going for a walk. You don't go into this high glucose spike. When you get a glucose spike, your brain ends up sort of feeling like it's on crack temporarily. And you feel you almost feel anxious and nervous. You're noticed that if you eat like a lot of sugar, or eat different types of foods that that happens. And so she's literally created her whole business around coaching people around what you can eat tuna sandwich versus tuna and salad and then the bread and like different ways of eating different orders of eating what I've added in as apple cider vinegar before it meal we have apple cider vinegar pills that have some cinnamon in them and some Tumeric I take that 30 minutes before I don't get a glucose spike after they found apple cider vinegar does that very simple, or eating a salad before a meal. So what I've found in my life is we have the apple cider vinegar pills. I'll take before a meal. This isn't about weight loss either, but I have actually lost weight doing this. It's like I'm not trying to but I've actually lost weight doing this This isn't about like, how you look, it's about again, mental stamina. When I spike my blood sugar, I can't clearly speak to people very well. I literally struggle to show up as my best self and I spiked my blood sugar. And so some of you might notice that maybe the anxiety that comes in when it comes to your copywriting, building your website, things like that. Notice, what are you eating? Before you go to build your website? What are you eating before you write your coffee? What routine what habit Have you got to you know, and so a salad before a meal, usually I can do a salad before a meal, I'll literally just have some lettuce, and a little bit of dressing. And that and I don't spike my blood sugar, or I have the apple cider vinegar. And I've literally every single meal now I've started eating that way. And it's revolutionized my life, my my brain, my ability to teach. I'm not as like, as telling my wife like, in our normal day to day, I don't feel as triggered by things. I now have been working with a therapist for a year. But I was finding, I get more triggered when my blood sugar spikes, I get more triggered by what's going on in my life by the chaos and feel less controlled based off of that. And so I'm a real, have become a real proponent of what you eat

[583:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: purely from an ROI standpoint in your business has a major part to do with how you perform. And so this is about getting into peak performance for your business, eating and then I'll use the elliptical for five minutes after a five minutes or go for a five minute walk with my dogs, or a five minute walk around the block. Do something like that learning to just move your body more, it will radically change what's going on up here. And you'll be able to show up better when it comes to finding your niche writing her copy creating your landing pages launching. You know if you feel that anxiety about launching your Facebook ads, this will help you get there. And it'll help you calm some of those nerves out that some of that anxiety once you launch, okay, how do I deliver well to people if you if you have public speaking anxiety, if you're nervous about speaking to people, if you're, if that's scaring you, if that's what your nerves are, everybody's different. But what you're gonna find is that, and I'll tell you this, I I realized this last night at the wedding, I gave a speech was amazing. Everyone like I had like 10 people come up to me. They're like Jeremiah, your speech at the wedding was the best ever. I was like, make sense. I speak for a living. So I speak in front of a camera for a living. I'm like I appreciate that's all to that. And then they're like, Oh, what do you do? Like, you know, I've made a kind of like a business lead. And that's why that's why I said that. And to like, sort of downplay it is yeah, like I do it for a living. So I didn't try to whatever it made me feel. But it was it was cool, because I realized that my whole family, even my mom was not comfortable public speaking. When she started in business, myself, I was terrified, I would sweat bullets, my whole body, like just sweating. I couldn't talk straight. You if you watch website building Made Easy versus now you'll notice the nerves. The content is great. I love the content, I know that what I was saying was really good. But my nerves were there it was I was a lot more nervous in some of the older content that I've created. Because I was analyzing the thoughts of what everybody said in my head. And what I've had to learn is, I don't even when I'm speaking, I don't even think about who's out there. I actually, I'll be honest, I hide everybody's cameras most of the time unless I need to have them raise their hand. Because seeing everybody's faces sometimes throws me off. So like, I'll hide the cameras in another window, or I won't read the chat while I'm teaching. And I'll come back to it. Learning to control your distractions is a big thing. When I first started in this business, I struggled because I was reading the chat while I was going live. Because I thought that that was gonna help me serve people better now I hide it until it's time for me to read it. Because then I'm able to flow from what's in here to share with people and I'm able to have more control over what might distract me by not looking at everybody's faces trying to analyze what they're thinking about me. Am I saying this right? Am I doing that? Right? And so learning to cultivate inside myself that self belief, that belief that I'm going to deliver really well. And trust me an hour before I did this training today. I didn't think I was going I am super well, I didn't think I was going to teach you very well today. I had the nerves, I had the anxiety literally an hour ago, before doing this right now. So I get it, it comes in to me, I feel that way all the time. But when you can learn to control your state, when you can learn to support yourself, when you can learn to support what you need to do, to get into the highest state of happiness, joy, mental awareness and cultivating in yourself more opportunities for happiness, you'll come to the table, when it comes to launching your business, creating your ads, communicating well with people, you'll come to it just 10 times better than you would have just by managing your state and being happy. And a book that I love on this is called The Big Leap. And for a lot of you, and that's what I'm going to close this training here today, a lot of you are literally going to get so much value from this book, if you haven't read it yet. Just from a mindset standpoint, for your business, the book was written so the book was written. He's a coach to like billionaires. And he taught what does he teach his billionaires when they get stuck?

[661:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: How do you help somebody go from 2 billion to 20 billion, you know, when they feel stuck, and when he broke down is that there's a human very human thing. That doesn't matter how much money you're making, whether you're trying to get to the next level making. But he did correlate it to money in a big sense. When you're making when you want to make your first 10,000, when you want to make your first 100,000 A month when you want to make your first million a month when you want to make your first your next 10 million a month, there's different levels have we make leaps. And you'll notice I love the cover of the book is so amazing. It's the goldfish leaping to a bigger pond. And honestly, that's where all of you are in a pond. What is that called fish tank? Yeah. That's where all of us are. As a coach, as a trainer, if you're in this program, the client growth accelerator, it's to help you accelerate getting more clients in your business. And so all of us are making a leap. From where we've been to the next level, but there's a chasm right here, there's, you know, the fish could fall, there's fear. It's all about conquering your hidden fear and taking your life to the next level. And it's a it's a mindset focused book, I've read it 10, maybe 20 times I'm probably going to listen to it on the plane. It's one of my favorite books, like mindset wise. And I love it because like it actually doesn't really address. It doesn't address mental health. It doesn't address any of that. It works no matter where somebody's at, in their journey, which I love that. And it helped me realize what my own hidden fears were and and break past those. And I think for every single one of you. There's always at the end of the day. It is it is another level of fear, worry, stress, lack of control, you name it, the unknown, we don't know how things are gonna go. That stops us from taking the next step whether we haven't launched our business yet. Or maybe you've launched your offer, and you haven't launched the next one yet, right? Oh, the last offer didn't do so well. I gotta launch my next offer. There's anxiety around that. I felt that this weekend. I launched this training right here. I procrastinated for three days to launch it because I felt nervous about how I was going to do and I had to work through literally the same thing that all of you work through. It took me about three days to do it. Because I was here with Okay, family, wedding. familiarity, I'm around a new and chaotic environment. I'm, I'm not in my normal. And so I'm operating really at my like peak stress right now. In this weekend. This is my, what I would call peak stress is when I'm not at my in my home office, in my normal routine, my normal eating my normal habits, all of that. And so I was dealing with even these triggers and I go through I go through the same triggers that all of you do each step. Okay, I got to get this done. I got to finish the landing page. Okay, now I gotta launch the ads. But what I did was I gave myself breaks and moments to do it. So what I would do is I would do I would I chunked it down. Okay, here's the big project. Let's chunk it down into 10 increments, and I'm going to take an hour today. I'm going to take a half hour this afternoon and a half hour before bed. And so I'm going to do that I got nine steps that I got to do to launch this program. I'm going to do one step in the morning, one step after lunch and one step here because I got three moments and breaks, where I can do this 30 minutes each throughout the day to launch this program. And so I was able to chunk it out. And do I didn't need to finish the whole thing. But I got done. Okay, I got the graphic done. Great. Now I got the copy update stuff. Okay, great. Now I got the MailChimp email list created. Okay, great. Now I got the auto responder. This is day number one. Now we're on day number two, I got the auto responder, but Okay, great. I'm gonna go do something else. chunking it out. Okay, great. Now I got the the upsell done. Okay, awesome. Now I'm gonna go test it out. Oh, no, it didn't work. My test went wrong. We got to go to the wedding now. But I wanted to launch before the wedding. Not a big deal. So I'm going to take, I know it's gonna take me another hour before I can launch to test rather stretch now came back after the wedding.

[736:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: finish that out. I was able to launch it last night. But I knew I had to get to bed by before a certain time, right. So I'm so we're chunking it out. And we're starting to manage and prioritize. Instead of taking we got these big like these, this big project, this big project of launching your campaign launching your ads, I split launching ads up, I chunk it out, I read the ad copy in one chunk. Okay. I go record the videos later on in the day. So when I'm feeling in my peak state of energy to to be on a video. Okay, great. Awesome. Now I'm going to take another time and I'm going to import the video into Instagram and add the captions. We import it into there as a real you add the captions, the auto captions, export it as a video, I use that as an ad. Okay, great. Now I'm going to come back the next day. And I'm going to actually upload that video to the Facebook Ads Manager. Okay, awesome. Now, maybe after dinner that night, I'm going to go in there and I'm going to launch I'm going to add my copy into an ad. And maybe research my targeting, okay, I didn't get it done yet. So I know I want to launch tomorrow. So not chunk it to the next day. Sometime in the afternoon. I got my copy here, I got my targeting, I got my creative in there. And so that is what allowed me you know, three to four days, launch an ad instead of feeling like disappointed that I didn't launch it four days ago, I give myself that grace, I chunk it out into what? Okay, I'm excited to do this. Okay, I know what my next step is. I'm always looking at what is my next step, next activity, then I've learned to big picture, plan for a month or two out and you'll want to get to in the beginning, you'll plan probably about about a month out of what you're going to do. As things start to flow better, we start to plan the three months out. But the three month plan is going to be a rough plan. Then when I look at it as okay to accomplish this this month, what is not the not the step after step after the step after and all the stuff that I haven't figured out yet? What is the very next step that I need to do? And so inside of myself, I removed the need to figure every step out, I removed the need to figure out okay, what needs to happen three steps ahead. I know inside of me what needs to happen, but I don't know how it's going to happen. Okay, I only focus on what is the very next step that I need to do. What is the very next step that needs my focus for 30 minutes, or an hour or even 15 minutes. And I set a timer. And I accomplish that in that set of time. And then I go do something else I go take care of something that I need to do. And so this is something that I've seen my mom do for years, I've seen very successful people, you can really accomplish a lot in your life and not neglect your family, not neglect your relationships, while by chunking and scheduling in when you're going to do stuff. If you're like me and you hate scheduling things I do I hate scheduling stuff I really do. What I do is I actually schedule everything else in my life in and then I create windows where I know Okay, during this four hour window, I'm going to at least spend an hour getting this stuff. And so then I get myself into that mental state of mind. And I go take an hour during that four hour window to get this one thing accomplished. By doing that, by breaking it down by chunking out what the next step is to do. You can accomplish a lot more by just making progress, focusing on progress, not the end result. Focusing on making progress step by step each day, reverses the whole big picture and resolve anything to be done in one step. And by doing that, you're going to get a lot more done, you're gonna have a lot more time to do what you want, you're going to be able to be more focused. And so hopefully today, that's what that's what I really wanted to do with this training is I want to help you, no matter where you are on that journey, finding your niche, writing your copy, go post in the group where you are, say I'm still struggling in five minutes, I'm still struggling to writing my copy, I'm still struggling creating my landing page, creating my offer creating my optic. I'm still struggling to launch it, I got it ready yet, but can you look at it, I've launched but I haven't launched the next one yet. These are the five stages that each of you will be at, in your coaching business. You as you either haven't figured your niche out, you don't have the copy written for your offer, you haven't created the landing page yet and you haven't launched it out to people. And then you haven't launched the next one yet. You haven't launched your next one, what's your going to do and by the way, you notice I didn't mention

[815:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: recording your course delivering your content, or any of your coaching in that. Because like you got to get clients before you're able to do that. I make the actual recording of my courses, and the coaching. And I mean this, like, I want to serve all of you with excellence. But I make that actually a lesser priority to me, in my business than the marketing getting offers out there and getting new prospects that I can sell to that's primo number one priority to me and my business is selling to new prospects. Secondary to that is how I serve the existing ones that are in here. Now that doesn't mean that I'm not serving you guys at all. It doesn't mean that I'm not here to serve you guys. But we can really flip it in our minds in the wrong way. And it'll keep us broke. If we're too focused on serving the existing people, and not how can I promote grow and get new prospects, because eventually you'll have attrition where a certain group of people will drop off, and now you're not profitable. Now you will you could reach a certain stage where and this will take you you'll be making a million dollars or more at this point where you can scale beyond a million dollars, as you want to focus on how can I serve the existing people want to go from a million to 10 million is about serving deeper into who you have. But to get to that first million is all about lead generation is all about getting new people into the pipeline is all about bringing the existing people it's all about bringing new people in similar to those people. And so it'll flip once you make a million dollars toward then your focus is because the business will end up running itself essentially a lot of your marketing. If you're making a million dollars, I think every single one or units, outsource your marketing, every single one of you needs to outsource 98% of what you're doing. And the only thing that you're spending your time doing is your voice. If you love copywriting focus on that, if you're not really into that focus just on teaching, and outsource everything else. Once you're making a million dollars. For everybody else who's not at the million dollar mark, we want to focus on bringing in prospects bringing in customers and that's where your your your main focus wants to be and then listening to the existing ones that you have for how can I make my offer better, because as you improve your offer, as you tweak the offer, like I tweak this language right here, you're going to attract better people your cost per acquisition down, your profit margins go up. And so that's why your, your your focus. And really, it's not even at that not a lot of you are even at that stage yet where you need to tweak and optimize. But that's why you got it your instead of waiting until you have the perfect offer to launch. You want to launch where it feels good enough, where it feels good enough to put out there, then it might not be perfect, it might not get the perfect prospect, but it's good enough that it'll attract at least close to the right person. That's the stage where you actually want to launch your offer. Because then you're going to learn so much feedback from that stage from launching at that stage that you will learn enough to tweak it enough to adjust it when people join this training when people jump in, I have them join a facebook group, particularly for the reason of getting feedback from people. And so I have right here membership questions What's your biggest struggle that frustrates you when it comes to finding your niche? What's the number one thing you want to learn from Jeremiah? If this free training if in this after this free training you receive a ton of value if you want private coaching Jeremiah. So the idea is this this question seeds the idea that I'm probably going to sell something to them. So they're already prepared for this one. I have a list of all the answers right here. So I take this list of answers. And I run this through Jasper. And I make a summary of the top reasons. And then I take my existing offer. And I run that back through and it tweaks the copy just slightly around what my prospects wants learn. So again, I've identified two, that basically everybody attracting more clients attract more qualified leads, lead generation, or it's identifying what value I bring, am I ready to actually be a coach? See, these are all the questions that everybody answered on my free event. And so this gives me clarity by having this document right here that I read, each time I go to create an offer, I'll read through it, and I'll be able to look at two, I have a separated out by

[895:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: on round one, round two, then we're going to go into round three, as far as what the answers that people gave me are, and so that's a lot of data to then you tweak your offer around exactly what people want, run exactly what your prospect wants, and you want to use the exact words that they use, but you're not going to get that feedback until you actually put yourself out there until you actually launch an offer out there. And so launching your offer, that's your main priority, that's gonna be your main priority in this program. That's why it's called the client growth accelerator to grow the amount of clients that you get to grow the amount of people that are coming in. All right. So hopefully, this has been really helpful today, just kind of this overview of like, what's gonna help you with taking action? What's gonna help you take massive action? And I think some of you are gonna want to refer back to this training, I would say, maybe there might have been some things in that I mentioned that were they they triggered some things that inspired some things you're thinking about, can I do this? Will I be able to do this, go through that, sit with it, and learn to really ask the questions of, you know, why do I doubt myself? What am I afraid of? What is you know, the most? The most important thing to me, what are my priorities, and really get clear with your priorities, really get clear with what you want as a coach and out of your business and start to develop a vision for your business. So to really keep your eyes focused on the vision that you have for where you're going for what you want. That's one of the biggest things that I want to share with each of you is having a vision for the life you want the business you want. The life that my wife and I are living today. We had a vision for 45 years ago, we had a vision for it. Actually, when we got married, we actually had a vision for it when I was working with my mom. And it worked out that we have literally you know, you could say manifested it, we set our life up on purpose to be this way. And we created it and any area that we seemed, hey, this is blocking us from creating it, how can I remove that block? How can I shape my life how I want and that's the biggest thing about this business for you, as a coach, you want to shape your life the way that you want. You don't want your your prospects controlling your life or shaping your life. You don't want your students controlling your life, you want to be able to create the life that you want, and you will come across as a better coach by operating out of the life that you want versus feeling like okay, I have to, I'm pouring myself out so much to people, I'm needing to pour so much out of myself, living from your desire that you personally have to then serve others from that place. You you will be able to pour into people better by being poured into yourself by not pouring from an empty cup. So whatever you got to do to do that is going to make you a better coach. It's going to make you help you market you're gonna attract better people. I will say this there is an energy transfer over video, the energy that I have the energy that you guys have transfers to people on video ads and on video coaching. And so being able to okay, I don't have the energy that I want to bring to the table, right. I'm attracting some really weird people. I was thinking that initially, and I had to look at Wait a second, I'm actually attracting the same energy that I'm putting out. I'm attracting the fact that I'm nervous that I'm afraid and I'm attracting people that like had the same fears. And so I've literally found that the people that I'm attracting my programs, the people that I'm finding is changing simply by me working on myself. And by coming to the table with the best mindset with the best energy with the best state with expectation and hope. Hope is one of the biggest things that will change your life. Having hope for the future when you have hope for the future. Here's what I do. And I don't like the same and hope for the best plan for the worst, I hope for the best plan for the best and accept whatever outcome happens. And that's what I love. And then I look at, Okay, I accept it fully. But how can we do different next time? You know, and that's something that my wife taught me, as I plan for the best hope for the best except what happens but then say, okay, I didn't like that. Let's change it. It's okay to have acceptance like that you're not feeling disappointed down and upset,

[973:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: and say, okay, but maybe this needs to change. Maybe this needs to be tweaked. And that took me a while to get to, but it's so powerful, and you can, because you're going to be able to really, like, tap into that flow state easier. You're gonna be able to show up as your powerful self, and you're able to impact people a whole lot better. Okay. Let me take a look at some of the questions here real quick, answer them here real quick. I know some of you might need to get going. Again, today is I wanted to, again, more teaching. Next week will be all q&a will do all q&a. And you have access to me through the group to ask your questions, as well as the lessons that are in the members area. Okay, Monica says have you been seeing success with doing that that way? What what what is that? I'm so sorry, Monica.

[987:03] Speaker 1: I'm sorry. That was in the beginning of the class, when you were talking about doing the one day events and leading into the five day events? The new I have? Yes. Because that's my question is taking on? Like Do do you recommend doing smaller events? Before the five day events? Because

[992:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, I think I think the launch your first five or three day event by itself.

[993:29] Speaker 1: Okay, well, because yeah, I mean, I had I had, I had a comment in my ear recently about, well, if you have you even done a lead generation first, have you ever done this first? And I was like, Yeah,

[996:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: your lead generation? Yeah, I

[997:24] Speaker 1: know that. But so. So I wanted to run it by you, because I've never done any kind of events or offer online. And so it's kind of like it kind of it made me a little insecure. So I was like, I'm gonna run this by Jeremy, like my five day event, like after going through the event training course and most of eras, irresistible offers, I was feeling pretty confident, really good about diving into a five day event. I wasn't really scared of it or anything. So what's your take on it?

[1005:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you'll do great with it. Yeah. So here's what you'll notice. So the first like, couple times you do a multi day event, you'll you'll you'll crush it. Like you could literally do like five or six of them by themselves. Here's what ends up happening is. You'll notice though, that the okay? Why am I doing one day events to that because what we found is, when people usually start off with multi day events, they crush it like crazy. Like, it's the easiest way to get some quick wins to get some sales to get data. So you don't need to do a one day that leads into it initially. Okay, but what you'll find is your lead costs will end up starting to double and triple on your multi day event. That's the time that when you add a one day in and it brings your lead cost back down. Okay. Thanks. Sounds like you don't need to start by doing a one day to a multi day just start with a multi day virtual. Okay,

[1020:50] Speaker 1: I will I was feeling insecure when she was kind of like, well, you know, like, that's really a really big thing to do. And I was like, I felt really good about

[1023:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: the mindset of people to can end up getting into us where people say that,

[1025:19] Speaker 1: yeah, I brought it up.

[1025:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I specifically have made sure to not talk like a multi day event is a big thing to do. The truth is, is that it will be but you're going to learn so much you're going to accomplish so much and you're gonna get so much data and your belief in yourself is going to be through the roof once you do one.

[1030:19] Speaker 1: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I felt like I was built for it. You know what I mean? Like, I feel like I can do it. I'm going to be terrified but I just wanted to run it by you because

[1032:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know I think with it because once you see the people in front of you, you're gonna tap right into it. Probably Okay, cool. Awesome. Every part is literally until you go live and then you literally the fear actually ends up going away.

[1035:29] Speaker 1: Yeah, yep. No, I understand that. Okay. Thank you.

[1036:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. When you say coaching business, does that include online courses? So I love the model of coaching courses, hybrid because I feel like you know, if you're gonna grow anything and scale you need to have Some kind of content that's recorded that's evergreen for people. My Courses are evergreen for every single prospect. When I do these teaching days, they're evergreen for people, they're meant to go into an archive. And to help inspire people as a now message for right now, I sort of treat my like teaching days almost like I'm like preaching to people. But like, it's not a spiritual message. It's like for, you know, the the church of coaching, but And so, and then the q&a days, I'm helping support people. What you'll notice, though, is that you're valuable, you can literally sell a course by itself for 200, or $300. As soon as you add q&a to it, and coaching, the value triples. So you can charge $1,000 for your course, when you add, like four to six weeks, or even eight weeks of q&a to it. Because now you have the support and coaching people. And all it is is just zoom call, you could do a zoom call, 30 minutes, once a week, you could even say, you know, you could have it on a set day. Or you could say hey, like I, for those of you that are watching here, let's say you're like, Yeah, I'm I'm a busy mommy. So I don't know what time I have. So I'll let you guys know, earlier in the week, what time we have for the q&a, and you'll let people know at least a few days in advance. Always just at least communicate to your audience always communicate to them what you're doing, always communicate to them. When stuff is in the beginning, I actually started out and I ran a couple of virtual events that I didn't schedule stuff at. Now I'm noticing, okay, at least scheduling a rough schedule or letting people know at least a couple of days in advance that a change is going to happen is good enough. And so people at least want to know that communication. They want to know that there's less like, at least some progress going like what I some of you have asked me to post in the group like what are some of the upcoming trainings are. So I started doing that. And I actually forgot to do that I started doing that on the first time we lost, I completely forgot. So I'm going to keep it up. Like that adds value to people knowing that you're there to support them along with the course. And so by doing that, I always say coaching, because your coaching is going to include a course you could sell and there's different models for this. So this would be like a group group coaching program. I also plan on launching a group coaching, micro coaching, that's an eight week focused one that will be $1,000 or even 500 that I'm going to sell to people and use as a lead in to people that maybe they're not ready for this program. I can down sell them to that. And so but it's a course that it's going to be with some q&a. So when I say coaching, it's really just it includes live interaction and accountability. But that in that I'm asking questions, I'm answering everybody's questions. I'm listening and I'm sharing. Like we're in a I see it as like a huddle. We get into a huddle, we start talking but but in my business, I have all these courses. So it is a course business with a coaching aspect is more how I do it. But I call it a coaching business because that's really what it is. Jennifer says I love who this is not for spell it out disqualify them. Yes. Angie says almost done with my next three day page copy. I so need this technical site. Yes. Awesome. Yeah, the technical training in the courses will be really helpful.

[1098:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: People these days want to kept real because that yeah, they know that even with kids running around, you can do it too. I'm excited for that too. And we have our little one, y'all are gonna see kind of how I, I've never been a parent before. So I'm actually going to be learning to build my business as a parent, but here's what my wife and I've committed together, you know, we're not, we're not going to let our our baby be a reason that our business can't grow. It's just as a family, family priority. Our business is important to us. And so we've structured our life to be able to do that. We've looked at okay, every if we need to hire Auntie or one of our Auntie's in the community that we know to, like, watch the baby because mom's got to go do something. And Dad's got to do this for an hour like we will find trusted people that we build relationship with to do that as well. And so we make sure as part of our even our business, to invest into our family, to invest into having our family taken care of as well. And that's a big part of it. You know, something that we looked at in our business is DoorDash and grocery delivery are hugely helpful as we grew our income. What do we invest in actually before people to help in the business side is helping the home side so We hired a house cleaner, and we have all of our groceries delivered. So now Abigail doesn't have to go to the grocery store while she's pregnant. Because we have the groceries delivered for $5, maybe twice a week. And that's included now in our budget to help us grow our business. It's those types of things. So there's always a way, there's always a way to manage our time, there's always a way to, it just might look different than how we've always done things, or the way that we prioritize things might look different. We might do it a little bit different, but you'll find your flow. And he says, Yes, I have to take time to breathe and clear everything away. Absolutely. Yeah, I love that app. Rick Pino actually told me about it, turned me on to it. And he's like, dramatically changed his life too, because he was just like, a lot of chaos. And I've seen since he started using it helped him. Because now like, anytime he goes into even a training, he's relaxed and chill and like, excited. Like, you'll get into that you're gonna show up at your best by being relaxed, chill and excited, even though he's in the middle of. And I know this, he'll be taking his kids to school and then dance and they'll be on a date, like, hanging out with his kids. And then he'll say, okay, Daddy's gonna go in and film something for an hour. And so he'll have grandma, watch the kids for an hour, then he'll come back home and do that and just flow and that's life. In the chaos of running multiple businesses, being able to still focus on creating his offers writing his copy, creating ads, getting new customers. So those are so important, prebiotic, yes, prebiotic, and probiotic are also helpful. Probiotic is really good. Avocado is a good snack. Yep, fatty snacks like nuts. A handful and nuts and some cheese seems to actually be pretty helpful. You know, not just crackers, because if it's a carbohydrate, it'll spike your blood sugar. Having some healthy fats in there helps. Vanessa, she's changed her morning routine. That's awesome. Each morning between four and 9am. Focus on prayer meditation walk, yep, that's it. You know, some days, I'll do that. It's funny, I was doing that. And then I was like, You know what, I actually write the best in the morning. So I'm gonna get up and actually do my writing. And then I'll go do that. I find that if I write first thing in the morning, when I wake up, I'm not second guessing myself and I flow better. Because I'm not like talking myself out of like what I want to say. So I'll have my like, have coffee or tea and then write first thing in the morning. Because I'm more half awake. Most of the copy that I've actually written has been half a week. And it comes out really good because I'm not going to like second guess. Am I doing this? Right? Am I saying this? Right? Am I writing this way?

[1169:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Love this book. Awesome. Yeah, the big leap is amazing. How much more effective we are when we are kind to ourselves. Chunking things. Awesome. Being present in the moment, absolutely. When we're present in the moment, it really just helps us come across as our best, most powerful selves.

[1179:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: You've been off IG for six months. Should you go back? Yeah, start posting. Honestly, reels is the main thing that everybody's posting on IG now. So just start talking and sharing about some like intro stuff, or what you're talking about and say, you know, I'm doing a live event. You can do two weeks. Yeah, and you can say I'm doing a live event that's coming up. You guys want to jump in with me. And so you could do a quick real and then at the end of the reel, you just mentioned your event on the links in your bio. So that's a good like, organic strategy. Based on how many followers you have. Do you need to have followers? Do you need to post organically? No, you don't have to. I wouldn't worry about seeming inauthentic honestly, at all. Especially like if you haven't posted just start talking about like what are you doing in your life? What are you excited about? Talk about your routine and then have it be a story that leads into what you're talking about. I will say this if you guys want to. Okay, so last thing I'm gonna leave leave you with social media content is not going to be like your main priority to grow your business but I do find it does support it and it helps you get your messaging out. But that's why I don't spend more than five minutes per post I put on social media, that just won't, I just won't mentally process, I refuse to because it's a waste of time to do that. But if you want to know like the best way to post on social media right now, in the Tick Tock and Instagram reveals like world that's working, at least for coaches, that's worked for me, I don't get a ton of engagement on my social media truthfully. So like, I'm not gonna show you like how to go viral, I'm just not that I use the paid ads. But what I have found is of the small engagement that I get, a lot of the people who I find in my events, who I find in my program are also following me on my social media. And so I specifically speak to those people. And I have seen that content loops back into the events that I'm doing. So I end up talking about stuff that can help serve those people. And in my core, social media content creation made easy. I have had some people who've gone through this and they've actually have gone viral with their stuff with their content, things. This will at least help you kind of like, what to come up with what should you post what content if you're struggling to know like, what to post, I just go through the basics of that right here. But don't make posting like perfect social media content, be your your big focus, even with with Rick, we have found that social media content has not had, when he doesn't post on social media, it has his offers don't do as well. But just posting on social media doesn't lead a lot of people to his offers. It's very interesting. So they more support the efforts you're already doing when you're marketing and advertising, some kind of an offer. And so that's what I see as it's like supplemental content for people. And so in this course, social media content creation made easy. I do walk you through like my process of like, never being afraid of like, what should I post. And truthfully, I got a lot of this from Gary Gary Vee. As he says, again, you don't need a lot of engagement post about what's really going to speak to your audience and what you want to share to people. You don't want to be posting to try to game the numbers. Because otherwise it's gonna that will be inauthentic. If you're posting to try to get like a lot of engagement, that actually does come across as inauthentic. If you're posting around just the people that you want to help, what's going to help them, the people that it's meant to reach are going to be impacted by it. I heard a few people at my brother's wedding, like tell me they'd see my posts on social media. And it really like as encouraged them. And so I focus on how can I encourage the people that are already following me already. And so yes, you can make a new page as well and do that. I don't really use the content to gain followers, I don't use the content to send people to my offers. A lot of the people that we pull into the offers, I'll retarget whoever visited and create look alike audiences off of those people. But I'll say this, there is a lady who's in this program. I'm not going to mention her name. I, I would like to see her launch her offer.

[1255:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: She posts four times a day on social media. But I haven't seen her offer put out there in four months, even though I know she has her offer done. And so I would rather see you again, focusing on putting your offers out there. I would rather see you putting your offers out there, especially if they're done already. Instead of focusing on trying to pop on your social media, your social media content isn't going to make up versus actually having your offer launched and ready to go to people and being willing to put offers out there that people actually register for because that's going to grow your business that's gonna get you customers that's gonna get people to buy from you. Okay? Does anyone here have multiple IG pages? This will be my second because I haven't tried setting up another paycheck for coaching. Yeah, if your first business specifically around your business, usually in the coaching business, you're going to set it up around yourself, like you as a person. And we found that when you use like a personalized page with your name for coaching, the rule of thumb of having multiple pages, here's the thing. You'll eventually there's not any really like rule against now, having two different pages, but you're going to find one of them is going to have your focus more than the other. And one of them's going to work out better if you want to split the two businesses I totally makes sense to me. And they're completely different, like niches and businesses for IG on faith. Spok you'll use one page. But you might use a business name page for your business name, to do customer service. A lot of what I teach those is gonna be based off of paid advertising. And it really doesn't matter what page you use, as far as that goes with us used a brand new page with no followers and sold tons of courses and coaching. So the amount of followers you have on the page and the content, when you're up to paid ads, it doesn't matter. The only thing that it does do is if you do have content, that at least show to people that you're putting content out there and they can look at you and observe who you are, and be able to hear from you and learn about you. And to see that you're like a legit person. And it's not like a random page that some just launched yesterday. So I'm Monica says I did watch the hero's journey and irresistible offers that sell. Hmm. So to go back to Instagram, see, it's a differently. Yeah, social media is definitely not on the pedestal Exactly. It's more of a supporting factor. Your offer is needs to be your main focus, and then your social media content, once you have your offer ready to go. Your content literally is just connect with people speak to their problem, and have a small, tiny call to action at the end, hey, I'm doing an event this week, you can check out the link in my bio that will really help you with XYZ problem they have that maybe you talked about in the content. So but that's why having an offer is going to be good. Once you have your offer figured out your content is going to get better. Because you want your your content is going to speak to who's going to actually buy that offer. Your content is going to speak to who is a potential buyer, not just everybody out there to get engaged. That's why I don't do a lot of dances on social media. When you get when you don't have a brick and mortar branding around you is important. Yeah. Yeah, the idea of building an audience first. It is it's terrible advice. You build your audience while you promote your offer. You build the social media while you push your offer out there, but you want to have some kind of an offer to. So to Monica, what you said, lead generation is important. You want to have your your offer your five day thing. That's how you're going to generate really qualified leads. Again, you don't need to build up your email list before you can launch that you don't need to build up a following list before you can launch something like that. That's really old advice. Now you can do it all at the same time. And I've always we've always my mom. And I've always done that. We've always built the audience while we build the business. While we always had a product and an offer to promote to people. The first thing even in this my mom's business 2007 She launched it with an opt in page to capture an email address that then led people to a coaching program that they purchased. And I think it was 30 Yeah, it was it was a 30 day

[1332:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: blogging bootcamp. So she had 35 minute videos that she gave to people over email to then lead them to go buy her WordPress course. This is back in 2007. Same exact model that we're doing today, my mom was doing in 2007, just a slightly different they would opt in to a 30 day thing. By the way, I that's making a comeback. I haven't tried that offer but I did see a coach lots of like that. He said, I'm going to give you 21 days of coaching. I was like sounds like a little bit of a bait and switch. Because technically I see coaching as like personalized support. But I'm gonna give you 21 days of any said it's going to be pre recorded delivered to your inbox over the course of the next 21 days. I'm gonna have these five minute videos every single day that's going to help you and I know it led people to his $10,000 program. And so there's different ways to do this. Your idea your your goal, whatever your offer is, again, you can you could do ebooks, you can do masterclasses, I'll say ebook has the lowest amount of touch video is going to have the highest amount of touch. And the more live you are with people, the better chances that they're actually going to buy what you're selling. So when you're in the beginning, doing live is going to be really helpful. As you start to master your sales pitch. You can pre record it. You can do a pre recorded masterclass and walk people through over the course like 21 days to buy whatever your program is. Those are different ways of doing the same offer. A virtual event is the same as doing a multi day 21 masterclass just the differences. You're leading people to talk to you on zoom on a Monday through Friday versus log in to do a pre recorded video across those days but it's the same exact exercise in what do you say? How do you say it? How do you close people? And so the virtual event playbook even what I teach them what do you say? During these my Wi Fi logged out the hotel log me out. I got no hotel ever. Yeah, we're still on here. Oh, that's interesting.

[1368:24] Speaker 0: How are we? How am I still on here with you guys? Jesus, but you can hear me. Yes, you're good. Okay. You are for now let's see how long that lasts. Never one's like, Can I get a witness? Oh, this is funny.

[1374:19] Speaker 1: Just don't refresh any

[1375:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Spirit works in mysterious ways. All right, yeah, we're still on. That's funny. Anyways, what I teach in? Yeah, cuz my browser literally says, I'm not online. It's fun. What I teach in the virtual event playbook on lessons five, six, and seven, what do you actually say and then follow up strategies. These still these apply, whether you're doing an eBook, a book on Amazon, again, your if you do a book download, it's the same process. Mindset deliver results, you could literally transcribe your virtual event, as an ebook. And now you have an ebook. Or pre recorded masterclass, or a live event, whether it be a one day or a multi day, it's the same formula of what you say on those days. Thank you. Okay. And so, go through this, this is gonna help you, you just translate it the same. You start with the mindset casting vision, you deliver the results to people what they want, what you're promising to deliver, that they're going to learn. And then you have the call to action at the end of it. And it's the same whether it be a pre recorded, multi day, you could do five days, you can do three days, you can do 21 days, it's actually the same. What do you do different on a 21 day? Well, you still do the same, the first two days probably be mindset, the last two, you'll start selling, you know, and you start seeding your offer by halfway through, it's the exact same formula, you're just extending it out into the different platform, whether it be an e book, hey, the first 20 page ebook, The first five pages are on mindset. The rest is on the content, the last few pages of your sales pitch is the same exact thing. And so you'll you'll get that by going through these right here. And it's going to help you as to like what to say, in your lead magnet offers. This formula works really well. Another great training is and I need to actually add this as a bonus in here is just another training. It's on YouTube, the perfect webinar. Link. I'll link to it. This is Russell Brunson teaching the perfect webinar on what and how you actually like script out a webinar? And what to say as well if you want to do like just the webinar approach, but it follows essentially what I the same type of thing that I'm teaching in the virtual event playbook. So so that'll be helpful. And then there's another one

[1424:04] Speaker 0: within Morrison. I need to put them into the the vault the vault into the members area as the training YouTube Morrison had a really good one. anthony

[1429:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: morrison have an IRA did he take it down? Wow. Oh, man, well, I think I have a link somewhere. I'll sign it. I hope you didn't take the video down. Either way, he had a really good training on that as well. Anthony Morrison. And Russell Brunson, by the way are two people that I follow. They're again they're doing the same thing. with webinars with events, Alex for mosey all those people all right. Do you have to have a separate page for every offer you launch? No, you can use the same page for all your offers. I do set up a separate Facebook for the different offers because the algorithm works better that way. And then I used to leave the doctor

[1448:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: with doing an eight week coaching program, do you give them lifetime access to the recordings? Absolutely. Absolutely. All right, everybody hears today. Again, if you logged on late, the first hour was just me teaching some brand new content I haven't shared I think I saw I've been logged in late, I think you'll really like it. I'll leave you with this as well. This week's podcast episode is really valuable for for coaches.

[1459:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Practicing more patience and compassion with coaching is and will help you be a better coach. It'll help you help others grow better. And these are lessons that I've learned and kind of put together over time about leadership and helping me with my own focus as well. And so I highly recommend this episode this week for everybody to listen to. Monica, will you be teaching her how to start a podcast? So I have an I have a podcast episode. All about that episode. 10 is all about that. Um, here's what I'll say a podcast. I just treated as a single lesson course. So I do the same thing I would do with a course if I was just teaching one lesson. And that's my podcast. So each week is that and I did 150 like that. So I started interviewing people because I didn't feel comfortable interviewing people. So maybe in the future I will honestly my podcast doesn't have a lot of traction. And yet I still do it. Each episode maybe like look at like two two views on this. I don't have a lot of traction but I still do because it helps me get my thoughts out. And so I go through the back end like on Apple and stuff on the podcast episode. So episode number 10 type in Jeremiah Krakowski podcasts

[1483:22] Speaker 0: 10. You might be able to find it once include 10

[1486:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh no, it's episode 11. Starting Nerdist. Starting a podcast for beginners gets the first 10 episodes. It's an hour long training where I break down like all the nuances of starting a podcast. Which is cool after I did 10 episodes because most 98% of podcasts never get to their 10th episodes. And once I did I figured I had to. I was like all right, Episode 11. I'm gonna teach people what I just did. How to get the first 10 episodes. So which is awesome. Yeah, the podcast has a ton of resources. Before I even had a coaching program or courses. I did the podcast for a long time. So there's a ton of lessons just scrolling through those that'll like even supplement this training for you as well. Alright, everybody. Have a good one. I'm excited to see your offers. I'm excited to see you guys. Put your offers out there and market though. We'll have the VIP on Saturday with the niche training. I'll post the link to that and then we'll be talking q&a again. Next week on Monday. Keep posting the group keep sharing what your copy is keep posting what you guys need help with and then we'll go from there. All right, everybody. Have a good one.

