June 17:Start Your 6-Figure Group Coaching Business with AI
Date: 2023-06-17T17:38:44.000Z
Duration: 94 min
Otter ID: QZn9JaR636NP5ngl-yS_K9arN00
---

[118:53] Speaker 0: right back back back cars back.

[151:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey what is up everybody welcome. Welcome welcome. Listen, I am excited that you are here today. I'm excited that you get to spend this time with me. Let's bring the music down here. Thanks for being on here on zoom with me. Thanks for joining me here today. On this Saturday Listen, I know you could be doing a whole bunch of other things you could be doing a lot of things, but you decided to be here because you want to start a six figure group coaching business and you want success and You want results, and you want to make the kind of money that you want to make. Now this is specifically for people, as I mentioned, if you're on here, maybe you missed this part of this. This is not for people who just want to make modest earnings two to 5k a month or not make a lot of money. Sometimes when I host events like this, one of the because at the beginning stages and about starting a business, a lot of people come in, and they're like, I don't want to make any money, I just want to coach people. So you're not going to get a whole lot of value out of this training. This is specifically for people who want to make 10 to $40,000 in monthly income. And really, I should bump that number up to about $20,000 as the baseline that I want to help you earn in your business. Okay. And so specifically, that's who this is for. And I just I have to say that because we've hosted dozens of events like this. And if I'm specifically talking to people that don't want to make money, the message is like 1,000% Different what I'm going to share with you versus how to build a profitable business, by definition, business makes a profit. Okay. Now, impact and changing people's lives and transforming people's lives, is the most important part about having a coaching business. Barna, the results that you produce for your clients is the most important part. But if you don't have clients, and they're not paying you money, it's a drag, and you will burn out. And it's not even worth the effort at that point. Because you're going to be spinning your wheels wondering, What am I doing wrong? How can I do this right, and eventually wanting to get paid what you're actually worth. And so what I recommend people do is to start right out the gate, by making six figures by actually doing the activities that will lead them to making six figures in their own business from the start. And that's what we're gonna be going over today. Again, I have nothing to sell you. There's no pitch at the end of this, though, I would encourage you to upgrade to the VIP, you know where the link is, the link is, in the post, we sent you a number of emails. And what do you get with the VIP? Well, you get the recordings of today's session, you also get to hop into another it's a separate Zoom Room that's private for just the VIP is to access that you get immediately following the session. And you get to ask me questions during that. And so during this session, I actually close the chat box, I have an assistant that post links here in the chat box. But I'm not reading the questions in real time because it kind of keeps me It throws me off of focus from what I want to share with you. So for you to get the best out of me today. And you have questions as well, the VIP is going to be the best place to do so now before we get going. I know that there's a lot of people that don't know who I am, so you might know who I am. But we run paid advertising campaigns to actually get people to register for events like this. And not everybody knows who I am. So my name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I have been in the coaching, mentoring, thought leader speaking the industry where you share your knowledge and you talk out of your mouth. Or you write books or a combination of the two, or you post on social media or you make YouTube videos. And you're you're you're taking what you know and what you've experienced. And you're selling it to people, while simultaneously mentoring those people to reach their goals. So I've been in that industry for over two decades. I got my start in Oh my goodness. 2003. That's 2003 is when I got my start. Some of you might be saying Jeremiah, you don't look old enough to have been doing it for that long. Well, I got started when I was 15 years old in the industry. And I'm 35 now so yes, I'm still a young man. But I've been I'm kind of like a grandfather in the industry itself having been in it for so long. And so just a little bit about my background in that I got my start actually working for a company called Danny johnson.com. And what they were is they were a personal development training company. Specifically what they would do is they would train people on their mindset. They would train people on how to close sales via the phone. And they sold products on DVDs and CDs. And so 20 years ago, I started working with this company, and I helped them put together their products and I helped them with some of their marketing campaigns and growing their business. And so that's how I got my start was being inside of a corporation, actually working for a company that was making eight figures in the coaching training and mentoring space 20 years ago. Okay, you'd be so prize. What's amazing is the same methods of actually closing sales, getting clients. And listen, I get it, coaches, mentors, teachers, they don't like the word sales. But when you see sales as a form of service, it actually becomes a good thing. When you know that you know that you know that you can bring transformation to somebody's life, selling them on your training or your program is a benefit to them. I know that I know that I know that people that join me, in my coaching program in the client growth accelerator, get massive results. That's our group coaching program. And right now, you can't even enroll in the program. It is the doors are actually close to it. But you can get on the waiting list just by going to Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash accelerator. And that's all that I'm gonna mention about this. Again, enrollment is not open, but you can get on the waiting list. And if you're on my email list, and and you stay subscribed, and you stay following us, you'll know when we actually open the doors to this group coaching program. But I know that I know that I know with absolute confidence that of coaches, mentors and trainers get the support the mentorship and the accountability for me to grow their businesses that they can make millions of dollars online. And that's the track record and results that we have produced for companies for clients that we've worked with. Okay, so I got my start working with Danny Johnson. And then I pivoted and I went and I worked with my mom sent me you know who my mom is Sandy Krakowskie, over at a real change.com. And her and I built this company, to eight figures did almost nine figures in sales in the coaching and mentoring space, teaching business owners how to attract the right clients make more money, live the life of their dreams. Okay. And then in 2018, I actually separated from working with my mom's business, we parted ways amicably. And I started my own coaching business over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. And shortly thereafter, my mom actually retired from coaching business owners. And so what I'm doing is the continuation of what my mom and I built together. And we have helped 1000s Literally 1000s of people get started in their business, and make six figures using the internet using paid advertising campaigns. And by the way, you don't need deep pockets, we teach a method to use paid advertising, that only costs you five to $10 a day on a budget that still works today that I teach to our coaching clients. Okay, but I don't want to skip too far ahead of that right now. What I want to talk to you about today is specifically about starting your own six figure coaching business. That's who I'm talking to right now. And, and I love this group of people right here, this is people that they are beginners, or they have success, but they haven't translated it into a business. So you're still a beginner, because you're not making 100 to 200k from your coaching business, but you might be a massive level expert in the thing that you want to coach on, which like, I honor you in that, like you might literally have more business success than I do. And you're listening to me. And so it's my honor to have you here to be able to show you what works to actually grow a six figure group coaching business. And I wanted to find that just a little bit for you the difference. Okay, so traditional coaching is one on one coaching where you meet with people one on one face to face. And there's a place for that. And I think that even with your group coaching, I think that you should do some level of one on one coaching, but you should not charge less than $25,000 for it. Crickets when I say numbers like that, which is funny, but

[307:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: because those numbers kind of tweak with people's minds, here's the reason why. Because by having that offering up there at that level, and you don't take any less than that, for clients, your group coaching offer that might be $500 $1,000 looks very attractive and way more valuable by anchoring it to the fact that your one on one coaching cost this much more, but you get the next best thing for an extreme discount by joining a group coaching program. And what we recommend is at minimum you need to be charging at least $500 for your group coaching, okay, any less than that, and it becomes very difficult to actually make a Profit, you'll be a nonprofit, you'll be you'll be a a struggling to survive at that point. And so that's one of the first stages that I want to encourage you in, is to see and realize and believe that you are worth people spending 500 to $1,000 to work with. Do you believe that about yourself right now? Do you believe that people spending $2,000 to work with you is reasonable? And is a reasonable rate? And if the answer is no, then I want to challenge that belief here today. And if you stay plugged in with me, I'm going to be challenging what you believe about money, and making money, because I need to shift you out of what's called a scarcity and lack mindset. What is a scarcity lack mindset? A scarcity and lack mindset says that if I charge too much, then I'm taking away from people and I'm hurting them. And so by me making more I'm hurting somebody else who's making less a scarcity and lack mindset says there's never enough to go around for everybody. A scarcity and lack mindset says I don't have enough time to build a coaching business. A scarcity and lack mindset says, I don't have enough financial resources to start or begin a coaching business. And a scarcity lack mindset believes that the situation that you're in today will always be that way, because it always has been that way. Okay. So the first thing that we need to do is we need to challenge that we need to challenge the belief that how things always are how they will always be, because what I'm going to do for you here today is I'm going to unlock possibilities for you that I don't think you've ever thought of. I'm going to open your eyes to what is possible out there. And I'm going to show you how we're able to use artificial intelligence to do things that used to take us hours and months of research and expensive testing that you can do with AI and how to feel confident in the results that it produces. You know, two decades ago, we didn't have AI to build a coaching business. We didn't have these tools that are out there like chat, GPT, or Jasper to help us with that. We didn't have these tools. We had books that we had to pour over and, and classes that we had to go through to learn these nuances. And then we had to do a bunch of testing to test how the Marketplace responds, we had to do months of market research and then maybe two to three years down the road, we might start to see a profit that was the normal process of building a coaching business, a two to three year cycle of ramp up just to start to make money just to start to see cash flow come in. And now with AI we have seen people in as little as 30 days, go through a training just like this, we have actually have a client His name is Duke, he went through a training identical to the one that you're going through right now it's not identical, because I'm teaching this one live. But he was on it that I was teaching back in January. And within 30 days, he made $25,000 in sales. I taking what I'm going to show you. And so I want you to expand what you believe is possible, I want you to start to imagine that how your life is today your financial resources, that in a year from now that they're going to be 10 times greater. In fact, I want you to do something right now with me. I want you to close your eyes. And I want you to visualize yourself making $250,000 a year on a coaching business. What do you see? What do you feel? What comes to mind? And what I know is in a room like this is a variety of stuff. Some of you think it's a bunch of BS to visualize things. And that there's no there's no way that this kind of hokey woowoo New Age crap is going to work for you. First off, it's actually not New Age at all, to actually see something and prophesy it and speak it into existence. You know, that's been the way that people have produced and created things through generations is by speaking at first and then it becomes a reality by seeing it first in their mind. And then it comes to reality. But if you can't see yourself making that much money, it becomes very difficult to get there. And of course we can remove those blocks and we can work with you through that and that's one of the big areas that we help our clients with. In our client growth accelerator in the coaching program is working on what is stopping people from being able to take action to build a coaching business. But it starts with being able to actually see it as a reality in your mind's eye. Before you get started, before you set out, before you go towards the direction that you're headed. Whatever you see, whatever you believe is possible for you can become a reality. Now, you might have a little part of you that's like, it's BS, you're, you're never gonna make it. You've tried these things before. Or maybe you're skeptical about AI, you don't want to lose the human touch. You think it's too technical, you think it's too difficult, you think it's going to take too much time, whatever those little things are, we can solve for those. And that's fine. But what I want you to do today is I want you to enter into a space where anything is possible for you today, okay. And that's what a lot of clients have told me that I inspire them to do as I inspire them to dream and see for what's bigger for what they never thought was possible, and possibilities start to unlock for them. And so I just want you today to go with me on that journey. And let's talk about what is possible for you in a coaching business. What is possible, if you're able to make 30,000 40,000 $50,000 a month in a coaching business, you want to know what is possible for you. I'll tell you in my own life, I started my business five, five years ago, and it was a lot harder than I thought it would be. It was. I had worked for 15 years working for Danny Johnson and my mom. And I had helped clients build their coaching businesses, I was even working at the time. With a with a friend of mine, we built his coaching business called worship coach.com. This is my friend Rick Pino, we built this to over a million dollars a month, from 2018 to 2022. And he's still running this business right now with his partner, Adam carpenter. We helped him build this to over a million dollars a month to teach people how to write worship songs. So this process works. This process is not on trial. And if you want to know how to deliver world class coaching, see, that's the key world class coaching, and you want to know how to make more money than you ever thought was possible for you. And you don't want to be tied to a job with a boss. And you don't want to be limited by your paycheck. And you want to have unlimited upside for you. Now, are there risks? Of course there are, nothing's guaranteed nothing in this life is guaranteed. So we have to realize that starting out, and we have to realize that it takes a step of faith to do what might scare us and what might be uncomfortable in order to walk the path to reach our goals. And so in 2018, you know, I was making a half a million dollars a year working with my mom and her business, and I cut my income down to zero. Some people might say that that wasn't very smart.

[451:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it was actually the best thing I ever did. And I set out to say I want to prove from the beginning. If I lost everything tomorrow, how would I start from scratch? What would I do? And I actually walked myself through that experience. My wife and I we ended up moving to Austin, Texas. We didn't know where to move. We were actually homeless for a month or two. When we first moved here, newly married. We found we while we were staying with her, her aunt and uncle so we weren't technically homeless, right? I made sure that she had a roof over her head. We were able to find a place here in Austin, Texas after I was done working with my mom. And we started this business and it was a struggle. For the first couple of years. I couldn't get people to pay me for my coaching to save my life. I had to help other people build their coaching and mentoring businesses to eight figures, over 10 million a year. But I couldn't seem to get people in my own business. It was very weird. I was like, How can I help be so good at helping these other people, but I can't seem to help anybody. I can't seem to get anybody to become a client to my own any new clients and I had a couple of word of mouth clients. And we were able to make a good income. We made six figures I was running Facebook ads for people building their funnels and consulting different different coaches, mentors I had was consulting a university on some of their stuff. And so that's what paid the bills. But But that wasn't the end game. The end game was always a multi six figure coaching business. And I can say today that in the last 10 months, my wife and I we've made over $750,000 in sales in our coaching business, and we actually brought to tears because for those of you that know this, it's a lot you As your as a W two employee to buy a house that as entrepreneur, my wife and I, we just, we just got under contract last week to buy to buy a beautiful house in one of the most up and coming areas of Austin, this house has over $750,000. And it's amazing. It's incredible. We're so excited to move there. And it was the result of building a coaching business and having consistent income come in, over the last 10 months, and being able to thrive, not strive to be able to reach clients and to be able to communicate with people, and to be able to help people and to be able to meet people on the internet to help other people get into business with their coaching businesses. Okay. And so what is the process to do this? Well, the first thing is this. As you need to see what's possible for you, whatever your situation is, is it leaving a job? Is it leaving a relationship? Is it to have financial independence? Is it to invest? I highly recommend you start investing. What is it for you? What is your reasoning that you want to make multiple six figures start to get really clear on that, and start to really think about those possibilities. Not that you're comparing yourself to somebody else. But because you're so excited for what is possible for you. And the other thing is, is this and we're gonna go into now, how to actually what's the process of starting a six figure coaching business. But I have to give you a word of warning. You cannot allow perfectionism to stop you from succeeding. One of the number one reasons why coaches never make a dime in their business is perfectionism is their need for everything to be perfect. And oftentimes, coaches, they come to me in a training like this, and they've seen how bad other coaches have done in the coaching industry, and they want to do better. And so that judgment that we have towards other people and what they're doing, quote unquote, wrong, that we're going to do better drives us with a spirit of excellence to create the best world class program out there. The problem is that if what's driving you is the desire to do everything perfect, and to do everything better than somebody else, you will almost certainly fall flat in the financial department. Okay, I can say that with certainty of working with 1000s of mentors and coaches and trainers and business owners over the years. The number one thing that stops people from succeeding is their, their, their desire, this good desire for excellence is their spirit of excellence. I want everything to be in order, I want it to be right. I don't want to waste time, I don't want to waste money, I want to make sure that I do it right the first time. And I want to make sure that my all of my clients get the best results. Listen, that's great. I want all of my clients, I want every single one of you to make six figures. And if you're here today, you're gonna get the blueprint to be able to get started to do that. But you have to have to have to lay down perfectionism. It's one of the number one things that will kill you. It's one of the number one things that will kill your success financially. What produces success is imperfect action, and what we call an experimentation, mindset. So the process of starting a six figure coaching business is rooted in experimentation. And what we used to do was a lot of really heavy market research to see what is the marketplace respond to? What niche Should we go into? How do we know specifically that this is what's going to produce the best result and there was a lot of grueling testing involved with this. What AI has provided us to do now is to be able to fast track that part of the process. Now, here's one thing that I need to say before I go forward. One of the biggest mistakes that coaches potential coaches, mentors and speakers make is that they're trying to be an original the first person And ever to coach at the level and to be a category King at the topic that they coach, you will get there. And if you follow my process, you can become the preeminent authority and expert, the best in your field, at what you offer and what you help people do. In the beginning, however, you're going to have to borrow from and build upon and stand upon the shoulders of other coaches, mentors, trainers and thought leaders. Now a side note to this, if you have a lot of experience in coaching people offline. That's probably the hardest group that I find to get results with. Because they're they got a lot of pride about how great they are at their coaching. But the problem with that is, is that with the internet, Internet people, the online space, because that's how we get clients, we get clients through the internet in the online space, the way the things that the online space responds to, is not the same as what people offline respond to. And so what you have to look at, is you have to basically filter through what is getting the best response and what already exists out there in the marketplace, to serve my niche to serve my audience to serve the group of people that I help, okay. And so what you're going to do is once you identify what your niche is that you're going to be coaching, and some of you are saying I don't know my niche, can you show me how to do that, we're gonna go into that, as well, if you upgraded to the VIP, there's a finding your niche bundle in there, that goes even deeper into this topic. Okay? Once you identify your niche, you have to figure out what's called messaging. And that's very different from your actual coaching, and your message. Okay? What I found is that there are really two types of ways of communicating as a coach in your business, we have what we call the sales and marketing hat, and then we have the coach's hat. And these two are like oil and water together. So for instance, what it takes to actually get a client. And to scale your coaching business is very different from how you actually communicate, when you're coaching somebody.

[603:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you're coaching somebody this is about as a lot of active listening, a lot of being able to lead people to their transformation to their result, a lot of really paying attention to where people are stuck a lot of laying down your own ego in sales and marketing over here to actually attract clients, it's it's a different language, it's a lot more bold, it's a lot more courageous, it's a lot more, it pushes the envelope a little bit more than you would in the coaching setting, which is more personalized for who you're talking to. Now, what we do in our process is we end up helping you to personalize this sales and marketing. So there's a perfect synergy between these two, so that you're not a different person between these two, the person that you see here with me today, this is me right now that you're getting, this is who my coaching clients get, okay? And so what you have to do is you have to be able to figure out what is the language of my target client of my niche? And how do I attract as many of those people as possible in front of me to tell them about my coaching program. And so that becomes the basis of our, our entire process that we do. Okay, so what I have is what I call is the six steps to making six figures. And the very first step of the six steps is finding and identifying your niche. By the way, this is my shirt right here, AI it's like magic but real. So finding your niche is the first part of that process. If you don't know what niche to coach in. This is where chat GPT can be really, really helpful. Okay, and chat CBT can also help you to be able to figure out how to work through challenging situations, how to make like for instance, I have one thing right here, how to manage demanding clients like Gotta go through and I'll talk through a chat GBT of maybe a situation that I'm dealing with, and how to communicate a specific issue or topic that I'm dealing with better. Okay, so chat GPT This is the main AI engine that we use, that that is going to help you in your business, it's going to help you come up with the most irresistible offer that's going to attract the right clients, it's going to help you know what to say, to actually get people to become a customer of yours. It's going to help you know what topics to coach on, it's going to help you know where to start. Okay. And so what we do is we utilize a couple of resources, my top four resources for finding your niche chat GPT, YouTube, Amazon, and answer the public.com. Okay, so these four resources together, you'll never be stuck trying to figure out which niche to coach. And here's how this works. Ask chat GPT. What are 100 possible coaching, training mentoring or thought leader niches and immediately, it will actually give you ideas for where to go into to coach people. For what to coach people on different ideas that you could be using. Okay. So let's just take a look at this list right here. Let's say that you're going to be doing let's do maternity coaching. I like maternity coaching right here. Okay, now we say this, we go into chat GPT. And we ask it and you want to treat that chat GBT just like you're talking to a real person. Give me 20 possible sub niches of that are the most profitable and lucrative that last part is important, because it's going to find the group of person, the group of people that are most profitable for you. And here's one thing that I want to tell you. A niche is not just a topic, it's about who you're going to be helping. Okay, so let's take a look at this just from maternity coaching. And we just had a baby about five, five, almost six months ago. And we've looked down and even hired some people in these different coaching niches. So you got working mothers coaching, pregnancy after infertility, high risk pregnancy, natural birth coaching, maternity confidence, baby led weaning, coaching, baby sleep coaching, breastfeeding coaching, pregnancy fitness, okay. So let's just take this right here, let's just take a pre fertility coaching right here, okay, actually, let's do baby led weaning. I guess my wife just bought a course on this the other day. So I'm like, I've been thinking about it, right? Assisting parents and transitioning from breastfeeding to solid foods. All right. Give me a few more ideas around how to market baby led weaning coach and I can tell you, it's you can use chat GPT to go through and identify literally any niche that you can think of, that you can work in, maybe you're saying I you know, I don't really know which of these niches that I could coach and we'll check this out. There's a prompt, then we actually have what's called a prompt document that I'd love to encourage you to go download. If you go to my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash chat GPT. I have a download right here to download the chat GPT prompts that have made our clients over eight figures. These are what we use for creating our sales letters for creating our marketing messaging. And so if you go in here, you can download this document right here. Okay. And so what this document is, is this gives you a ton of different prompts that you can use, what the prompt does is in big letters right here. So you can kind of skim through and read what it does. And then the actual prompt itself will be below. I'm going to show you some of the prompts that we use that you can use to identify some different things. Okay. Niche identification q&a questions. This is one right here that we discovered about a month ago. Oh, if you go into chat GPT and you can, you can tell it. You are an expert in online coaching and businesses. Okay. So part of the way that the AI works is you have to actually tell it, what it is what persona it's going to take on. And it will become better at that thing that you tell it that it is, you know how to market and sell, coat, let's do coaching programs online. I'm an aspiring coach and Speaker, I'd like to find a few ideas for a niche to coaching, can you ask me a series of questions, to find some good ideas for a niche to coaching? And this prompt right here will actually give you questions that you can answer to really help you identify a few different niches that you could coach. Okay. And don't feel like hesitant by some of these questions, you don't need to, it's not about giving it the right answer. It's about finding what's the best fit for you, okay. For instance, you do not need to have certification or qualification to coach people. It's a huge myth. It's a huge lie. You don't even need to have massive track record, you don't need to have a ton of case studies, you don't need to have a ton of testimonials. Now what you would want to do is you would want to get those testimonials over time. But you don't need them to start. And so go through, and you can have chat GPT actually ask you these questions. Now, with chat GPT. One thing that I will say is that you're going to want to make sure that you actually upgrade to the chat GPT plus, and that's right here. And you can go you can click on your plan, and you want to pay per chat GPT plus $20 a month and what do you get with chat? GPT? Plus, why would you want to actually pay for something that's free will because the algorithm is as a lot smarter, it gives you GPT four, which is great for creativity and advanced reasoning. And so when it comes to being able to actually do what it takes to grow our coaching businesses, this is really important to be able to get access to this GPT four engine right here. We use this for most of all the stuff that we do right here. GPT 3.5 is really great for fast, everyday tasks. GPT. Four is a lot smarter. It's a lot better at that. And so some people they were asking me, you know, Jeremiah, how can you feel confident in what the AI is producing? How do you know that it's good results? How

[762:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: do you know that it's quality? Well, here's the thing is I don't use the AI particularly to tell me what to coach on or how to coach. But I use it to brainstorm my own brain. So the idea is, if I'm wandering, or I'm curious, or I have a question about something, I go to AI first to actually get my answer. Now. If you start doing this, you're gonna start to notice quite a few things that start happening for you. Okay. And so chat, GBT is the is the best engine for doing this. We've been using AI for the last two years, we started by using a tool called jasper.ai. And Jasper is a little bit easier to use, it's a little bit more user friendly. It's a great resource. And I still highly recommend it. For creating an AI that actually sounds like you, you can actually put your information in here and get it to sound like you. But one of the best ways to get an AI to sound like you is if you take a quick recording of you talking and you put it into the AI, you can actually have it analyze how you talk, how you communicate the words that you say. So if I go over here to my YouTube channel, and I just clicked on this video right here. I can pull up the transcript of this video, I can copy this transcript. And there's even a plug in that you can use. You don't even have to copy the transcript. The plugin can actually you can paste YouTube videos in it'll use them. But I want you can do this, analyze the following YouTube video and create a persona of the tone of voice and style of talking in this video

[794:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so what it's going to do is it's going to read through the text that I wrote and it's going to come up with the tone of voice confident and authoritative, direct and unambiguous, motivating and inspiring. Okay. And so what we can do is we're able to have chat GBT actually come up with what our tone is, and then you can Tell it to rewrite stuff in the tone of voice that it's coming up with right here. Okay, now I'm skipping ahead just a little bit on here. What I want to do now is I want to show you, let's go back to the coaching niche idea right here. Because a lot of you, I know, you need to figure out what is your niche? What should you coach on? What could you create a what should you create a training around. And this, this gives you some ideas that you can use, I'll tell you this, the very best resource for actually attracting clients and getting people to become a client in your business is by hosting video trainings like this, like I'm doing right now. And what you do is you create a video training around the topic that your coaching business is. And what you want to do is you want to get feedback from people as to what they're struggling with, as to what they're dealing with, as to what's stopping them from succeeding as to where they're stuck. And so what this does is this gives you an opportunity to attract the people that are in your coaching niche to join you in a setting like this on Zoom, or on a video training, or in a Facebook group or on a Facebook Live, or a masterclass or an ebook or some kind of an offer that connects with people around the actual niche or topic that you coach on. And what you're doing is you're using it to gather feedback from those people as to what they want, and what they desire, and what they want to learn from you. Some of you when you joined in this training right now, you registered for this training through an ad. And then over on Facebook, you actually joined the Facebook group that we have the June 17 Facebook group right here. You actually jumped in here and there were questions that you were asked, you were asked these questions and you jumped in? What's your biggest struggle with starting your six figure group coaching business from scratch with AI? What would you like to learn during this training? And so I document all of these answers. And then what we do is we take those answers and we create offers around what people have actually said they want. And this allows us to then hone in our niche and design and develop it and to dive deeper and deeper and deeper by getting specific into the problem that we solve. So let's take a look at this niche right here again, okay, baby lead weaning coaching. And let's say this, develop me out an eight week coaching program for map out each of the lessons for each oops, let me pull up chats up to here so you can see it. I'm going back to chat GBT here and I'm taking the idea that it gave us for our niche of baby led weaning. And we're gonna say develop me out an eight week coaching program for map out each of the lessons for each week and go into extreme detail about what is taught in each week. So that I can follow follow it as a blueprint. Okay. Let's break this down. Introducing baby led weaning in the first week ring give an overview of the process and benefits activities, parents will observe their current behaviors, we to understanding their nutritional needs, preparing for the transition, starting with solid foods, progress and evaluation. And so literally what you can do is you can now take chat GPT and have a map out for you what your actual coaching program is that you're going to sell. Okay. And now what I would do is I would go ahead and I would say based on this audience right here, based on this audience right here. What are the top 10 frustrations and goals of a possible client based on the above that we could create and use as hooks for marketing and attracting clients through Facebook ads. And again, these are in the prompt document right here actually want to put this one right here. Generate possible hook ideas based on Nisha, I'm going to add this one right here.

[879:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a great prompt Okay, so these are some of the some of the frustrations that parents deal with chat GPT allows you to get into the mind of your target customer, fear of choking, messy mealtimes, balanced nutrition, food refusal, lack of time picky eating. Okay, so what we could do is we could look at, for parents of picky eaters that have a lack of time. And that want to create balanced nutrition. And they want clear advice on what to do for their coaching. Okay? Confidence in baby lead weaning healthy relationship with food. Okay, so we're going to use this we're going to use, these are the ideas, I'm gonna copy a few of these ones down that I like, I'm going to take the food refusal one off, we're just going to do this right here. Okay, so map out a coaching program that focuses on these issues. So now what this did was this, give me some issues, that we could actually adjust our coaching program around very specific issues, specifically competence and nutritional and how to make it very easy and simple, and how to address different issues that parents deal with how to navigate conflicting advice, things like that, okay. So what this is doing is this is giving us ideas on how to really, really, really dial in into a specific topic. And what I want to look at here is something specifically navigating contradicting advice. One thing that I love to do is, if I if I really want to maybe learn more about something that I want to teach, but I don't know a whole lot about it, I'll actually go through this process of telling chat GPT, what my niche is, what I'm doing, how I help people, and then I tell it to write a complete blog post based on the following and give advice that will help someone based on the above navigating contradicting advice. And so literally what this is going to do is chat, GBT is going to write us up sort of a fake blog post, it's going to give us some information about a topic that maybe we don't know a whole as much about, but we really want to learn more of. And so then what you can do is, this will help you be a better coach. This will help you teach your clients better. This will help you coach people better because chat CBT is actually generating relevant information about a very specific issue or topic that's relevantly based off of what you were actually building your offer around. Okay. And so I use chat GBT to do things like this all the time. You know, let's take a look at how do we look for evidence? Let's see Write, write a blog post about based on the above. Okay, and what I do is the reason why I say write a blog posts the fastest way for it to give you like a long written out piece of information. That's more educational, and then you can borrow some of that education. The way that chat, GBT writes it, to be able to create trainings and ideas for your audience. You know, I can take this right here. And I can say, based on the above, write a script for a YouTube video. And be sure to use the following tone of voice. So that sounds like me. And then I'm gonna go in and I'm going to take that tone of voice persona that I generated. Right here. We're going to take this this tone of voice

[943:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then it's going to take that that we generated and it's going to write a script based on that. Hey, I'm Jeremiah Krakowski. Today, we're talking about something every parent can relate to the journey of baby led weaning with my two decades of experience in online coaching. I want to help you navigate this confusing path. Have you ever noticed that everyone seems to have an opinion on it from your neighbor to the mommy blogger you follow to the strangers on the internet? I bet you've asked yourself how do I know what's the right thing for my child? How do you sift through the maze of contradicting advice? So do you see how chat GPT can give you ideas to jog your memory and to give you like a starting place on how to create your course lessons, create trainings that people would actually want to listen to. It can it can generate scripts for I love this YouTube video script thing because it gives you an idea of how to start your videos. And then you can go into it with what you know. And you can combine your knowledge with the AI is knowledge and serve your clients on a whole other level. So one of the other things that we do with AI that we use is I actually take the sessions that I do with my clients, and the Q and A's that I do, and I filter them into the AI. And I'm able to analyze, okay, where's my client really stuck. And it helps me identify the gaps that I might not see, to help solve these problems. Did you know that they're actually working right now in clinical medical research to be able to implement a very similar system for doctors, so they don't miss certain things, the AI doesn't replace the doctor, the AI isn't going to replace the coach, the AI makes you a better coach, it makes you a better doctor. And I'll tell you this, people are afraid of AI taking jobs away. AI is not going to take jobs away from human coaches that are using AI. But the coaches and mentors and trainers that are not using artificial intelligence, that are trying to do all this on their own, maybe you're starting, maybe you're coming up with some of these ideas on your own. Maybe this is your first time being exposed to starting a coaching business. If you're not using artificial intelligence, there's something that's called marketplace volatility. And marketplace. Volatility is a fancy term for things evolving really quickly in the marketplace. With AI, the coaching industry is evolving faster than anything else on the planet right now. And some of you are watching this saying, Man, I just I'm so stuck even on what you just showed me right now. I'm stuck. I don't know what what software to use to build my AI, or to build my offer. I don't know what software to use to coach people. I don't know how to coach people, I don't even know how to use a Zoom meeting, let alone chat GPT. Here's what I want to encourage you in. Okay. I want to encourage you to take a step of faith in one specific area. And that's what technology. And that's what chat GVT if you get one thing out of this training here today, make an account with chat GPT and start talking with the AI, start talking with the algorithm, start to get to know how it responds, there's no right or wrong thing that you can do. And the more comfortable you get with how the AI responds, the better results you're gonna get. The other thing too is, is if you grab the recording of this session here today, and what I just went over in the last 30 minutes, honestly, it could set so many of you up for success on a massive scale in your coaching business. And we've barely even scratched the surface of how to use AI. At this level, you'll be able to go through and pause the recording and enter in your information and follow along with the replay. To be able to get started on your journey of actually building and mapping out your coaching business, how to explain what you do to people better. And this is where a lot of people struggle when it comes to their coaching business is we can use AI to identify maybe your niche ideas to start with. But we want to take a look at how are other people in the marketplace, marketing these different things. And so here's the question I would ask AI. What are 10 possible Amazon search terms related to the niche above? And then similarly, I'm going to say what are 10 possible YouTube search terms? What are 10 possible YouTube search terms related to the niche above, what I want you to do is I want you to check out who exists right now on Amazon for the niche that you're looking at. So we asked some of these questions. And now we're able to go in here and I'm able to type this into Amazon. And that's gonna pull up different books related to these topics. Look at this. These are books that are at the top of Amazon that have hundreds of reviews about these topics. And so what you're going to notice is you're going to notice a few things you want to make note of what are the titles of the books and what is the language that's in this section right here. Okay, and so what I'll do is I will actually copy that into a text document or you can copy it into into into Evernote. You know, I use Evernote or you can copy it into Apple notes, whatever that is. So I'm going to paste a few of these book ideas and descriptions from the top books that are on Amazon into a document right here. But why are we doing this because these are people in the same niche that have already identified the type of language that the marketplace responds to. Okay, so you don't have to reinvent the wheel. By starting from scratch, you can borrow from what somebody else has already done and all the research that they've done with AI by taking something simple, like, does it have just three books. And I'll bring it into this. And I'll say, rewrite the outline for the course, based on the following, and use the following language, tone, and Cadence from now on. And so what it's doing is we're actually training the AI based on what the marketplace responds to. And now this becomes an idea for your course outline, by training on what's already out there in the marketplace that exists. Maybe led weaning simplified the active parents companion to nourishing babies and toddlers, with delectable family meals, understand the approach, lay the foundation, Ready Set cooks and recipes, mastering meal prep, look at that. So we've already gone ahead and started to really hone in and get specific on some ideas of how to teach and how to coach people in these different ways, okay. And so this is a great way to come up with just what your group coaching program is going to be around how you'll coach people, if you're stuck answering quote, maybe you're not an expert in a certain topic, focus on what you are an expert at, specifically. And this is going to help you. Now, this comes to the part where people are saying, Okay, that's great, that's awesome. But how do I actually get people to become a client, because ultimately spending your time building a coaching program, building a course creating all of this material. And quite frankly, I would not recommend that you actually build out and record all your sessions of your course, unless you can get it done in less than 30 days, before you create what's called an irresistible offer. What you need to do is you need to have an irresistible, compelling, enticing offer that connects emotionally with the person that you're wanting to reach that will attract them to you. So that then you can present to them what it is that you have for sale. So for instance, what I'll do is I'll go into chat GBT, after we've done all this. And I have a prompt now that I use, it's going to analyze this. And it's going to give us all the pain points and objections, and a good psychological profile of the type of person who would actually respond to this type of coaching. Somebody who lacks confidence in transitioning their baby to solid foods, overwhelmed with contradicting advice, anxiety over ensuring balanced nutrition. Okay, so that's a very specific type of parent that would want that type of training, and would really like to dive into that. So chat, GBT is now generating marketing language for us, that we can use to attract clients to get people to join your email list to get people to purchase your program itself. And this is one of the biggest mistakes that a lot of coaches make a lot of mentors make.

[1102:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nobody is going to buy your coaching from you. Just because it's good. Just because it's great. Just because it checked all the boxes, just because it did all the right things. The only only reason why people want to buy your coaching from you is they trust you to deliver the desired result that they want. And they trust that by registering for your training, your free masterclass, your ebook, your your $1,000 coaching program, that it's going to produce the result and dream outcome that they have. And what we have to start to do is we have to start to get specific on what are the desired outcomes that I can produce with my coaching. This is one of the biggest mistakes that a lot of people make when it comes to starting their coaching business is they focus way too much on the process of what they coach on and not what is the Dream desired outcome of the potential client. And so that's why these chat CPT prompts right here will help lead us to that dream outcome. We do the pain points prompt, we do the epiphany bridge prompt right here. And so the AI is starting to generate language. And quite frankly, I don't really care what the language is right now. All we're doing is we're compiling data to put together to create the final language of how we communicate our offer to people. So the AI is generating all of this marketing language to tell us about what's the internal conflict that somebody might deal with, you know, they're afraid of failure, they're afraid of society expects them to follow traditional methods. They, they, they struggle to know who to turn to and which advice to follow. So chat GPT is actually generating this off of the info that we're feeding it. And then what we can do is we can go in, and we can do what's called the outcome and results generator.

[1140:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is going to create language about the ultimate outcome that somebody is going to have by working with you. And then you build an irresistible offer around what that outcome is. And so then that's how you go out there and you market to attract clients that actually want what that offer is, what is an offer an offer is something just like this. Start your six figure group coaching business from scratch with AI, or this free chat GPT prompt download. Or this, we're actually hosting an event, we haven't announced it yet to everybody. But we're hosting a free five day intensive on July 10, through the 14th. It's completely free, no strings attached. And we're going to spend five days together to work with you on actually building and launching your group coaching offer how to create that irresistible offer together. So now that you know like what you want a coach on, come work with me for these five days. And whether you grab the recording, or you watch it with us live, you're gonna get a lot of value out of this. It's happening July 10, through the 14th. That's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. And I'm going to work with you through putting your irresistible offer together, how to create a high value group coaching offer that clients can't resist, how to attract your dream clients, the step by step process of launching your offer with ease, so that you can make the kind of money that you want to make in your coaching business. So this is what we call an offer. I made an offer to you right now. It's not even something that I'm charging money for. But I'm making an offer to you that I hope is irresistible to the right people. I hope that if you're on here today, if you're watching this, that you're going to jump in with me and spend these five days with me on July 10, through the 14th to really work through how to build and launch something that's going to actually attract the right clients to you. Okay. And so what I've shown you today is just the beginning stages of how do we come up with what is the topic for our offer? How do we come up with the language to actually communicate that offer to people. And then very simply put, what we'll do is we'll use this prompt, and it'll start to write our sales copy for us. Oops, this is the storytelling, sales letter copy framework prompt. That helps us write our sales copy. And we've taken a lot of our sales copy. From this book right here. The process that we use, is in the book, The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy. The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy, will teach you how to create sales letters that are irresistible to your target customer. But the first step is for you to identify these 10 Smart market diagnosis questions, what keeps them up at night? What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? What are their frustrations? What are their trends? What are their desires? What's their built in bias so they have their own language? Who else is selling to them? And so when you start to do your market research, and you start to put an offer together, you can have confidence knowing that if it's framed in a way that actually speaks to the right person and connects emotionally, not logically, you have to connect emotion only with the reason why they want to purchase from you. And how do you do that? Well, we use artificial intelligence to help us write up that language that connects emotionally. So like this prompt right here that we use the sales letter prompt. Write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the above in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone. That's what most good sales letters are. Tired of the stress and confusion of baby led weaning? Do you fear does the fear of choking and the worry of whether your little one's going to be getting the nutrition keep you up at night? Let's not even start with the overwhelming sea of contradicting advice. I get it. I've been there too. As a first time parent, I remember feeling overwhelmed and uncertain. And I had endless questions. And I was even a little scared. But I wanted the best for my baby. And guess what I found a way and I navigated the maze of baby led weaning and learn how to prepare nutritious baby friendly meals and transformed mealtime from stress and the joyful family bonding. So what this is, is this paints a picture in the mind of your prospect as to the result that they're going to get. Sorry, I didn't have the screen up here. I know that probably annoyed some of you that I forget by, you know, moving back and forth between these screens. So I had chat GPT in this same thread, it bases it off of all the information that's above it. So all of this text, that's why I'm doing it all on this one thread. We started by simply asking chat, GBT, what are some niches to coach. And then we went down the process of identifying a niche. We picked from maternity coaching baby led weaning, and then we decided we're gonna do an eight week coaching program. We looked at what are the frustrations and goals that parents have? We will we were able to map out a program, we're able to look at what else exists in the marketplace. We even had it write up a few blog posts about some of the struggles of dealing with conflicting advice. And so we were able to put all of this together to have chat GBT start to analyze, who is our target client? What do they want and create that emotional and psychological profile of the person that we can help the most. And then it goes ahead and it creates and generates sales copy for us by asking it to write a sales letter for a free webinar based on this. Now I want to show you just real quick if I just went raw and I said write a sales letter for a free webinar, baby led weaning coaching. Write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the above in this tone, okay? This is the initial sales letter that it would write Are you tired of the mealtime battle? Puree mountains of fruit and veggies only to be greeted by a scowl. And that's actually pretty cute, right? I remember the countless hours I spent creating what I thought would be delightful dishes, I read all the books follow the guidelines, but only had a messy floor. Imagine your little one exploring new tastes and textures on their own and learning to self feed. So that the difference is we were able to niche down more in the one that we did before, around specifically the confidence section of parents. So if the parent wanted to become more confident in their ability, versus the actual process itself. Let's say we take this sales letter and we combine it with this one. Combine the sales letter above with this one, as a process that sometimes I'll use for our marketing to really create something cool, ready to unleash the joy of baby led weaning and say goodbye to stress are you worn out and stressed with confusion? Is the dread of choking worrying you. Or perhaps you're tired of the mealtime battles doing all this. I remember the long hours I spent whipping up what I thought would be delightful dishes. So this gives you some ideas of just how you communicate your offer. How you actually write out like these landing pages, like what we use right here. You know, this is a landing page right here

[1268:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we use to get clients this this page right here that you registered for. We generated all of this text and these titles and and ideas for this language, using what I know about our clients and chat GPT to create an enticing and exciting offer to actually reach the people that we're wanting to reach in our business. Okay, so once you identify your coaching niche, once you identify who you want to help, how you want to help them, it's time to go out there and create that irresistible offer that connects with your target client that connects with your target customer that attracts the people that are meant to work with you. And so I would highly, highly recommend that you register for this event that we're doing on July 10, July 10, through the 14th, the five day intensive, and I don't hold anything back during these five days, we're gonna go over building your perfect coaching offer that's from day one, positioning your offer for maximum profits and impact the exact words to get people to say yes to your offer, how to automate your offer, launch the easy way. So you don't have to work 100 hours, you can work just five to 10 hours, and ultimately how to make six figures with your coaching offer. So what we've done today is I've started you on that journey of starting a six figure group coaching business, identifying what needs to coach and what topic to create a coaching program around. Let's dive deeper and work together to actually build and launch it, so that you can start to get clients. Join me next month, July 10, through the 14th. For this event, it's going to be amazing, we're gonna have such a great time together. And listen, there is a VIP upgrade to this, the VIP upgrade actually has an early bird price that ends on Monday, June 19. Okay, while the event is free, the VIP is so valuable, I can't give it away for free. And I really want to make sure to qualify who actually joins me for this VIP, what am I giving you with the VIP? Well, if you register for this event, I'm going to show you what you get. Okay. Once you register, you're going to be presented with the VIP offer just like you did for this event. And there are two separate VIP offers the VIP from this one today does not give you access to the one for the event, the five day event starting July 10. What this gives you is not only do you get the recordings of all five days, because those are going to be taken down the Tuesday after the event. But you get this is really the where the value is you get five days of coaching with me. Immediately following each session, each session is going to be an hour long. It's going to be at 2pm, Eastern Time. 1pm Central. And then immediately following each session, I'm going to have a private q&a Zoom Room to answer your questions based on what we talked about. So you're gonna get five days of coaching with me to work through what the lessons are Plus, you're gonna get the recordings of the VIP, plus, you're gonna get the recordings of the main sessions. And we've already thrown in additional pre trainings for this, that you can go through in the Facebook group when you register for free. And there's four for bonuses. You get my chat GBT prompts for sales letters bundle. So what this is, is this is a training that's actually taken from our high level client growth accelerator mastermind program. We have a we have a program in here called the chat GPT prompt Academy. It's a it's a five hour course we're actually break down just about chat GPT for you. And I took the lesson all about writing your sales letter for your irresistible offer, creating that messaging, what is that language that really converts to sales, and I'm giving you that as a bonus for just 17 bucks when you upgrade. Plus, you get the getting unstuck to take massive action training. This is one of the biggest areas that I see a lot of people deal with as coaches is they know what they need to start with. But they hesitate. they hesitate, they stall before they start, they don't actually get going. They they might complain. They might have reasons why they might have good reasons why whatever it is, I want to help get you unstuck. And that's my commitment to you hear even today. Now that you've met me now that you're here, now that you're in my ecosystem, now that you're on my email list, there's no reason for you to be stuck. There's no reason for you to struggle to make six figures in a coaching business. Why? Because you have access to me. And you have access to ask me questions. You can always go on my Facebook, my Instagram, my YouTube, my Twitter, any social media platform that I'm on and post a question now I don't respond to direct messages. DMing is only reserved for my friends and family. And my high level one on one coaching clients that invest over $55,000 with me. Yes, it is $55,000 to coach with me one on one. So I don't respond to direct messages, but I do respond to public comments. And so if you're stuck with any area of your coaching business, you can always ask me a question, whether it be in this group, whether it be on my social media and there's no excuse for you to be stuck here today. And if you take me up on this offer, if you join me for these five days for the build and launch your six figure group coaching offer event, and you upgrade to the VIP and you get the five days in the zoom session with me, you really get an opportunity to ask me questions to dial in to dive into the nuance of what it's going to take to get results for you. Because I don't have the doors are not open to my coaching program, right now you can't get into it, you can't even write me to join it. This is the next best thing. And this is going to be the best way for you to at least get coaching and work with me and work through this. Now our members that are in our coaching program, they get access to these sessions as well, which is awesome. That's kind of part of their thing, they get all the VIPs that we do as part of the coaching program, but you're gonna get those five days with me, we're going to dial deep into building and launching, what do you say that actually attracts the right client? How do you showcase the benefits, and the result of what your coaching is not just what you coach on, but how they're going to benefit from it. That's what we're gonna be going over during these five days. And you get these bonuses as well in there to help you do that. So listen, I'm excited, I'm excited, we're gonna go hop into the VIP here with those of you that have actually registered for the VIP for this session. I'm gonna go head on over to that here in just a little bit. But I just, I urge you, if you get anything out of today, go sign up for an account over at open ai.com. go create a chat GPT account. Click on chat GPT right here, open AI that chat GPT you're typing in the cell phone version, you can actually talk to it on your phone. I love the iPhone version. It's one of my favorite versions. And if you want to talk to it on your computer web browser, you know, they also have a voice to chat GBT that you can actually download. It's a it's a talk to chat TBT or voice control. They are these plugins that are in Google Chrome that will allow you to actually talk to chat TPT and it will actually put out there what you're actually saying, okay. Don't hesitate when it comes to playing around with AI. Do what I call tossing the ball around with AI tossing the ball around with AI as this is that you create an account with chat GBT. And then you just start asking it questions and seeing what it says. You know, how are you today? I don't have personal feelings. But you know, do you like spaghetti? I have the ability to taste okay. Can you act as if you are a food expert, who loves eating and respond accordingly. So you can tell it what persona to take on? You can it'll simulate the response of and it's really good at it. Ah, spaghetti is a delighted foodie. I can tell you that. It's awesome. So just play around with going into chat GBT asking different questions. What's the sweetest form of tomato sauce. You Sweet Tomatoes, slow roasting, add sweet vegetables sweetening agents cooking time. All right. And, and what it did was that we actually ran out of of time to be able to use the GPT three point or the GPT four model. And the reason why is it's limited. They only allow you to use GPT for 25 messages every three hours. But we were able to go through and get almost all of the marketing that we needed done on this. And then it'll reset and like an hour or so from now. That's what you get with the GPT Plus version.

[1429:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: GPT. Four is the most intelligent version of chat GPT. It's the smartest version of chat GPT. And it actually gives you better answers with less prompts. But you can do a lot of what we've gone through even with the free version of CBT. It's just not going to be as accurate. And so if you really want to dial in its accuracy, you're going to want to use GPT for another method that you can use to know how to talk with chat. CBT is you can correct if it's not answering something the way you want it to tell it Hey, that's not really how I wanted to hear from you. You know I could go right here. Hey, that's not really how I wanted to hear from you. Can you act as if you're a pirate answering me? And it'll do just whatever you say. Or maybe you've been looking for the sweetest sauce? A Well, let me tell you me Hardy, the sweetest way to make your tomato sauce fit the pirates feast is a touch a room? See, so you can tell it like which direction to go in, then you could like completely pivot can you? can you restate that in the tone of a fortune 500 accountant. Certainly as a fortune 500 Accountant, I will provide you with a revised professional tone and pursuit of enhancing the sweetness of tomato sauce a prudent approach is to consider the following recommendations. While the inclusion of rum may indeed impart a touch of sweetness, it's imperative to exercise caution. So you notice how like you can, you can it's it's moldable, it's malleable, you're able to guide and direct and steer which direction it's going to take. It's called the steer ability of AI. So part of what makes AI so powerful for coaches, mentors and trainers is our ability to actually steer it to give us the best outputs. Okay. And so we're gonna go even deeper into using AI, we use it in all aspects of our business, even to build and launch a coaching a coaching offer. And we're gonna go into that during these five days here together. Well, I'm going to walk you through the processes that we use to be able to put an offer together, that actually produces results. Don't be overwhelmed with all the information about getting coaching clients don't get lost, struggling to grow your coaching business. Don't feel exhausted, not making the kind of income that you want to make. And please don't give up because nothing you've tried has worked. Gain crystal clear clarity and direction in your coaching business, feel a surge of confidence in your ability to make real money as a coach, leave with new goals and a concrete action plan for your next steps during these five days, and become equipped with a proven system to increase your impact and take control of your income. That's what we're going to be going over during these five days together. And so head on over there, Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash launch, we'll send you an email about it as well. And register for this and become like one of these clients that have worked with us and start to generate six figures in your coaching business and start to put together a successful offer that was actually that's gonna pay you what you're worth, and is going to have the kind of impact that you want to have. I said, so right here on this page right here, getting clients to pay you what you're worth while simultaneously delivering world class results. Those are the two most important things, they go hand in hand. Without these, you're going to struggle before even leaving the station. And so I don't want you to struggle. I want to help you build and launch a successful six figure group coaching offer that you can be proud of register today for the build and launch your six figure group coaching offer, go upgrade to the VIP. And for everybody else who's on here, I'm gonna go head on over to our VIP now over in the Zoom Room. Again, if you haven't upgraded to that VIP, you can still do so you'll find the link in your email. Maybe my assistant I'll post the link here in the in the chat. You can also go find it just by going to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Click on the current event that we're doing right now. Scroll down, if you want to upgrade to the VIP. Just read history real quick. Again, it's fine if you do so. And then you can upgrade to the VIP right here. Here's the link right there, you can type that into your browser. And then on the next page after you pay the seven bucks, it'll have a zoom link of how to actually access that that we're going to be going into here right now. Okay, plus, you're gonna get the recording of this session, you're gonna get the bonus trainings all about planning and mapping out your, your offer finding your niche. These these three PDFs all for just seven bucks. It's a great deal. So I'm gonna go head on over to that q&a. Now. I'm gonna go for a quick potty break and I will be right back in just a little bit for those that are in the VIP Zoom Room Session. I'll see you guys over there. Talk soon have a good one.

