June 24: Get More Coaching Clients with Paid Advertising and A.I.
Date: 2023-06-24T17:47:23.000Z
Duration: 103 min
Otter ID: __EOrsIe8o7pgn0CTSFJXSTSYPM
---

[154:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, what's up, everybody, welcome. Welcome today to this Saturday session. I'm stoked. I'm stoked that you're here. I'm so pumped that you're here. I'm thankful that you're here. Listen, you could be anywhere in the world but you're here right now, with me on zoom here today. So welcome. Welcome to our Saturday. session is all about getting more paid clients with paid advertising and your coaching business and AI. And, you know, I've seen a lot of the questions come in a lot of the feedback. I'm excited. This is going to be different than any other training about this that I've ever done. Because this time, I've been paying attention to the questions I've been getting. And we're listening to what you want. Here's what my promises here for you today. Okay? And for those of you that haven't met me yet, welcome. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. I'm gonna be talking a little bit about what we're going to be going over today, here's what I want to do is I want to make sure that today is not filled with a bunch of technical jargon. Not too difficult. For beginners, I want this to be relatable, not super complex, I want it to be what's up to date, what's working, and I want you to feel really good with what you get to walk away with from this as well. It's not a sales pitch, okay? You know, a lot of people do trainings like this. And it's funny. People see trainings like this, because I advertise it on Facebook and social media. And they assume oh, it's just a cleverly disguised sales pitch. This is not a sales pitch, I don't have anything that I'm going to be selling you. At the end of this, the only thing that I do have that I will mention is if you upgrade to the VIP, it's only seven bucks, which is like nothing. You get to ask me questions after the event, we're going to go into another private Zoom Room right after this. And you can ask me your strategic questions about what you're working through to get the results that you want in your business. As well, you're going to bonus training, all about taking from my high level coaching program on how to effectively set up Facebook ads the right way. And the finding your niche bundle plus the recordings of this session, you're gonna want that and the recording to the q&a. So the $7, VIP upsell, it's awesome. It's great. It helps us pay for some of the ad spend on how we found you and brought you here. And so I'm excited to go over this topic here today. I've been running Facebook ads since they came out since they first appeared on the scene. And what we're talking about specifically with paid advertising is Facebook and Instagram ads. This also does cross over to tick tock ads. But we've found a decrease in tick tock, since that whole thing went on with Congress recently. And what we have found is an increase recently in Facebook's ability to find our clients much easier and cheaper than ever before. Right now, today. June 24 2023 is actually the best time to run Facebook ads and Instagram ads, because the algorithm can find you the right clients faster than ever before. Okay. And so let's just talk real quick about the fundamentals of Facebook ads. Actually, before I begin that, you might be saying, okay, Jeremiah, Listen, why should I trust anything that you say? Well, I have spent manage over $11 million in ADS myself, my own business, we've done $750,000 In sales just from Facebook ads in the last 10 months. And I've been in the coaching industry, the coaching space, the mentoring industry for over two decades. And we've helped people from multiple niches, multiple industries use Facebook and Instagram ads to get our clients we get all of our clients through Facebook and Instagram ads. And the return on investment that we get is often very high. One of our most recent campaigns that we ran, had a 36 times return on the on the ad spent. We ran this campaign right here. For a stock market coach, some of you know who she is Sandy Gronkowski. You might notice we got the same we got the same last name. That's my mom. Okay. And so I help run her Facebook ads for her. We got a 36x return on this $360,000 on this campaign, right here. How do I get my start doing this? Well, I started in the coaching and mentoring space actually working with a company called Danny johnson.com. They were a personal development company. And I helped them create their products and helped with their marketing. And then I went on to work with my mom in her business. And we helped scale that business to multiple eight figures focusing on how do we attract the right clients make more money and live the life of our dreams. And in 2018 I started this business. I was working with my mom alongside her and I started my own company anywhere, I've focused on consulting, coaches, mentors, trainers, thought leaders, speakers, that's over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. And we have helped many people generate multiple eight figures in their coaching businesses through our business. And I've coached 1000s of people alongside my mom over the years on how to use Facebook ads, our strategies, we were actually one of the first people that ever even taught how to use Facebook ads, we we created one of the very first courses on Facebook ads, back in 2010, and 2011, with my mom's business, and we've continued to be the leading edge cutting edge resource for information on running Facebook ads out there. Now, here's the thing, I want to just honor everybody here, here who's in the room. I know there's people from different levels in your business, whether you're a beginner, or you've been, you've been building a coaching business for a while. And so here's what we're going to do is I'm going to go over, how do you create the highest converting Facebook ad campaign? And how do you attract the right audience? And how do you set this up in the right way? And then how can you look at your metrics to make sure that things are actually working and you're not losing money? Does that sound pretty good. And I'm going to show you what what's working right now that we're using with all of our coaches, trainers, mentors and thought leaders to be able to get clients in their coaching business. Now. I understand and a group like this, some of you, maybe you've never ran a Facebook ad before. And so you're hoping for me to walk you through the process of setting up your facebook ads account? And how do you create your first Facebook ad, I'm going to touch on that a little bit here in the beginning. But if you really need like a very, start and stop, pause, keep going step by step of that, I would recommend actually checking out YouTube, and getting a crash course on the Facebook Ads Manager and going through some videos on YouTube to where you can learn about running your very first Facebook ad that way in some of these different trainings out there, I'm going to touch on this. But what we're really going to be focusing on today is how can you be effective with your ads to be able to make them convert to sales, because this is what happens with a lot of people and a lot of people they stress out about, they're trying to figure out the ads manager General and all of that. That's not what actually makes the most amount of money. What makes the most amount of money is what you say in the ad itself, what the ad says in video, and in graphics, what's written in the ad, and how its targeted, and who you're sending the ad to the technical aspects of actually just clicking the buttons in the ads manager, you can learn that in an afternoon. But because we only have an hour and a half year, I don't want to take an hour to two hours, just going through the super duper, ultra beginner level basics. Like really, really slowly and taking the next hour to walk you through that whole process. Because that's not going to make you a diamond your business. And that's not going to bring in a single coaching client for you. It's not. And so in your own time go research that in my coaching program, the client growth accelerator, we do have full courses in our in our program, all about running Facebook ads, we have two full courses that are in here that you can go through Facebook ads, and Instagram ads for beginners is one of them.

[301:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right here and so this is part of our our accelerator coaching program. If you're somebody that says okay, I want to learn how to build a coaching business, the right way and get the mentorship, the guidance, the accountability that you need. Join the waiting list for my client growth accelerator coaching program, okay. It's one of the best values of coaching programs on the planet right now. And we have the best training, the best coaching, the best accountability, the best community that's out there, you get to actually go into our group as part of the program and ask questions about your ad copy and about your offers. And I'm in there responding and helping you dial in and tune in your offer. Now the doors aren't open to our program right now. But you can get on the waiting list. Remember I told you I'm not going to be doing a sales pitch here because I actually don't have anything to sell you I do have a waiting list that I would invite you to go consider jumping on but the basics of running a Facebook ad. There's a few things to keep in mind. Okay. And forgive my whiteboard here. I ordered the wrong size. So I have like this little mini whiteboard easel thing right here on top of the main one. Okay, so a Facebook ad, or just an ad in general, is a form of traffic. Okay. And traffic is how you find people and you get to send them to an offer. And oftentimes the offer that you're going to send them to with an ad is going to be something that is free, that they either get to download that they get to, they get to sign up for that they get to attend an event, or it might be low cost like $7 $27. Not a huge ask. And here's what we found is that from free to about $27 is what converts the best. As far as your main offer. With Facebook ads, what you'll do in your free offer, whether it be a free download, whether it be a eBook, a training, something like that, is you'll use that to tell people about the higher level stuff that you have, right? Kind of like how I was able to tell you that I have a waiting list. But I'm sending my offer to you found me on an ad for a free training here today. So this is what converts the best is sending people from an ad to something that is either free, or under 30 bucks. And then in this, this becomes its own sort of mini infomercial to your main offer that you have, and you're going to charge at least $497 Minimum all the way up to even $10,000. Now generally, we don't recommend people that start do something at 10,000. I really liked the price point between 997 to $2,000 1997. So one to $2,000 is a really good price point. Here's why. Because it allows you to create enough revenue to be profitable on the ad spend. So a lot of people look at their paid ads, and they see it as a cost. They see it as an expense. They see it as something that's going to cost them money. And so they're not sure if it's going to produce a result or not. And they're focused on how do I avoid losing money. Here's one of the first things that you want to shift in your mindset, okay, I tell this to all my coaching clients, you need to shift out of a lack scarcity, trying to hang on tightly to your your budget, when you're running Facebook ads mindset, I've never seen that be successful for anybody. And you want to have an abundance mindset, where you have more than enough, maybe you only have $300 or $100 to run for Facebook ads right now. But next month, you might have another 100 to do testing. And a big part of the process of running Facebook and Instagram ads is testing is testing out? How does the marketplace respond? Now what we're going to show you today is how we can use AI to save you 1000s of dollars in testing. And that's what we've been doing is we've been able to save 1000s of dollars in testing by using artificial intelligence like chat GPT to actually create and script out our ads for us. And so we're going to be going over that here next, but I just want to give you kind of the foundations of of setting up your first campaign. And the idea behind a Facebook ad. Here's what you can't do with a Facebook ad, okay. And this This may come as a shock, a disappointment to some of you, I totally understand that. You can't send your ad straight to $1,000 or even a you know, $500 offer. Back in 2016 2017 2018. My mom and I we were teaching a method where you could do this. That all changed after COVID and then all changed especially in the coaching industry. And so here's what ends up happening. And we've tested this out is you have what's called a cost per acquisition, or a CPA on your advertising campaign. Okay, so if I run an ad straight to $1,000 offer, you wonder how much it's gonna cost me to get that sale? It's gonna cost me $3,000. In paid advertising, we've tested it to get one person to pay me 1000 bucks. So that's a loss of two grand. Now, how am I going to make back that two grant? Well, I'm not generally, and this is why this doesn't work like this, okay? If we do the other approach, which is what I went over right here, where you have an ad that goes to a free offer, and then you send people to your $1,000 offer, you want to know how much it costs to get that $1,000 offer and ads, and ad spend on the low end. Like a failing campaign and to be up, it'd be about 80 to 100 bucks. So you'll end up 10 axing your ad spent. So let me just ask you, like third grade level math here real quick. Okay. Just go with go with me here. Go with me here. If you're selling a program for $997, or whatever you're selling it for? Would you rather spend eight ad dollars to get a client? And so what that leaves you with is a $917? Profit? That's a profit margin? Or would you rather spend $3,000 and be in the red and lose $2,000? off of this? Just Just Just humor me here? Which one would you rather do? Okay. Pretty simple. Not that difficult. Some people still don't get it. Let me let me explain it another way. You may want to send ads straight to your offer straight to your coaching program straight to book a call with you. It's going to cost you too much to be able to do that. And you might be saying well, I don't want to have to send people to a free offer and and do a webinar or a training and then have to pitch them on my program. Okay, would you rather lose two grand or make 900 That's really the simple math you got to do. And so what you got to look at is at scale. The one activity while it sounds like a great idea, it's a fantasy, it doesn't really exist anymore, is being able to just send a paid advertisement straight to your coaching program. And so what you need to do is you need to have some kind of an offer, or a presentation, where you're selling people on what the thing is that you're promising in your Facebook ads. So for instance, we ran our ad to this campaign right here, get more coaching clients with paid ads and AI.

[457:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so the promise is that I'm gonna show you how to get more clients with paid ads and AI in an hour and a half long training right here. And then we're gonna go into a q&a after this. And so I'm spending time with you here on a Saturday afternoon, to walk you through this process, step by step. And so what we found in our business is that when I come together, and I walk people through this process, that it's it ends up saving me that difference between $80 to get a client versus 3000. And so it's part of the process to where now after COVID-19 You have to make a presentation to people. And so what you want to do is you want to use your paid advertising to attract the right people that are meant to see your presentation and your offer. And this is where most people make up their big mistake with paid advertising. And it makes me sad. And and it comes from a place of them really like wanting to help a lot of people. But it's the number one mistake that I see people make with paid advertising is they are trying to help and reach if especially if they're a coach, mentor, a thought leader. They're trying to reach too wide of a range of people example, everybody wants to lose weight, if you can fog up a mirror, you can lose weight, everybody wants to make money, everybody wants to be happier. Well, my clients have so many different problems that they're dealing with, I couldn't just hone in on one. And that is why your paid ads don't work, or why you struggled to get paid coaching clients. And this is this is a little bit controversial. But it's one of the most important things if you want to have a business that's profitable. You know, I put some income numbers here, potential numbers on this landing page, make 20 to $40,000 per month. If you want to make, you know, three to 5000 per month, knock yourself out, do whatever doesn't matter. If you want to bump up to a quarter million half a million a year $750,000 In 10 months, like we've done in our ads, then you have to understand this one thing when it comes to paid advertising. There might be a whole group of people out there that you could help with you're coaching a wide net of people, you need to hone in on a very specific group of people that fit into two very specific categories. When it comes to you running paid advertising, otherwise, you're going to lose your shorts. And so while there might be this whole group of people out there that you can help amazing, incredible people, we're not knocking them, this tiny little data people, you want to know what they all have in common that these don't. And, and you can quantify this, and you can prove it. The one thing that they have two things in common one, they are far more likely to get a result with your system, they will struggle less, you have to explain things less to them. You don't have to strive to try to explain what you're doing to them. For instance, some of you might be feeling like I'm completely ignoring you and your needs by what we're talking about today. I apologize, you're in the wrong place. Because I focus specifically on the people that I can get the most results with. And so if you don't feel served by our training here today, it's probably because maybe you squeaked through our ad campaign. And, and you're at a different stage in your business than how I help people with I specifically focus on coaches, mentors, thought leaders, speakers, authors and trainers, that it is a high priority to them to make financial returns of over a quarter million dollars per year, $20,000 per month, okay. And so a financial returns above a quarter million per year are not your goal. This training is not for you. And we made it very clear on the landing page, who it's for. Or maybe you're a network marketer or you're in direct sales or you run e commerce, you do affiliate marketing. And then affiliate marketing is okay if it's for coaching. But if you do any of these other business models, this training is not going to be for you today. Okay? Again, we've made it very clear, we've even kindly asked you to not register for this. And now, some of you might be listening to what I'm saying is in Jeremiah, wow, that's really rude. Like, why would you leave these amazing people out of your marketing? Or don't you think you're missing out on potential business? Don't you think you're neglecting potential dollars from coming into your business? If it's green? I'll take it no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I refuse to take dollars just because they're green. I only take dollars from people that I know that I can get results for and that specifically fit into a category that I call buyers. So these go hand in hand buyers and people who can get results. So what we've had is we've had a number of people buy our coaching over the years. I know that I know that I know that the that the people that actually buy my coaching from me that actually invest in working with me. Our coaches, thought leaders, mentors and trainers and everybody else they don't end up by Hang for me, I also know that those are the people that I can get the most results for. And so what I'm intentionally doing, is, is repelling. And another really harsh word for this. And I think the harshness of the word is important is alienating. I am intentionally alienating an entire segment of the market that could benefit from my coaching that could benefit from what I talked about. Why? Because that is how I am financially successful with paid advertising. If you're going to run paid advertising, you need to speak to and when we say speak to we talk about the words that come out of our mouth, right, I'm here on video, I'm talking with my mouth to you. There's there's words on this landing page right here. These words speak to a certain type of business owner, not every business owner that can just fog up a mirror and show up. And I even have at the bottom of the page here. Who this is not for this is not for those who resist new insights expect everything to be for free. People who are unwilling to take action. People seeking a quick escape and make it get rich quick, who are looking for shortcuts or easy success complainers or naysayers, if you're a complainer you're not meant for my space. And so I intentionally in the words that I put in my ads, and in my offer, and repelling and alienating the people that aren't a good fit to work with me, that aren't a good fit for our programs, and that I know, are never going to buy from us. How do I know that they're never going to buy from us, when you work with as many people as I've worked with, and you'll get there. I believe every single one of you who's watching this, you're gonna get here, you work with enough people, you'll notice a pattern of behavior, and where people are at on their journey. And it's usually based on what type of questions they ask. And it's usually based off of their opinions that they have about what is okay to do what's not okay to do. Like, for instance, if you believe that repelling, people that aren't a good fit for your program is unethical. I guarantee you, you're never going to buy for me anything.

[607:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we've had a lot we've had people come through that have told us, Jeremiah, this concept is unethical, it goes against human rights. And nobody deserves to be left out of your programs. And we've had people say some very harsh words about us to us about this training right here. If you want to lose money, from your paid advertising, then don't do this. But if you want to know what actually makes money in a coaching business, it's doing this, it's getting really clear on who is ultimately going to be a buyer of your program. So then what you do is we go out there and we run paid ads, to find more of these people that are most likely to become a buyer, and that are most likely to get a result from us. And what's cool is the artificial intelligence in Facebook as we reach more people starts to show us more of these people. Part of the way that Facebook Ads work as we utilize a system called look alike, audiences. And what's really cool is there's even certain niches that Facebook doesn't allow you to mark it in, that you can reach when you know how to use a look alike audience this way. So what our goal is when we're running a paid advertising campaign, is we want to build a look alike bucket of people that are most likely to be a buyer and get a result with our program. How do we know how can we possibly know how can we possibly make that judgment call against anybody that they would Be a good buyer. Well, artificial intelligence helps us do that. And here's how we know. So whenever somebody visits this page right here, on my website, whenever somebody visits the accelerator page and joins the waiting lists for our client growth accelerator, whenever somebody becomes a client of the client growth accelerator, Facebook and Instagram, are able to track that information to different accounts on social media. And that's why we utilize a Facebook group as a big part of what we do in our business, because we're able to make sure that the people that we're actually working with are on the Facebook platform. And so then what we're able to do is we're able to feed data into Facebook, to tell it to go find me. 11 million people in a bucket that are similar to the people who visited my accelerator landing page right here. I'm gonna, I'm gonna I mean, let me say that again, for you. I'm able to go into Facebook, and tell it make a bucket of all the people who went to this webpage right here, just to this page. And why just that page, because here's why I only tell people about the accelerator who are on live calls with me. And so while I might have three to 500, people sign up for a call like this. As you can see, not that many people are on here live, and even fewer even went to the link to go check out the accelerator. And when you do, the Facebook pixel is going to correlate that to to your to your ID to your Facebook account. And then what I'm able to do is I'm able to go into Facebook, and I'm able to say, okay, create me an audience of 11 million potential people who are most similar in a 1000s of different data points. Social media has all these different data points on people, they understand what you're interested in what you want to learn, based on your behavior based on how you talk with people based on how you comment based on other websites that you visit on social media. And they're able to profile you. If I tell it to just choose the people that got to this stage, where they checked out my accelerator, and then I tell it to find a bucket of people that are similar to those people. It gives me an audience of 11 million people that are most likely to be buyers, and get a result with my coaching. So then, when I take my offer, all about getting more coaching clients with paid ads, I'm targeting it with an ad to these people that are most likely similar to those who are already my clients. And so this is the first stage of the AI that we've been using, you know, the term AI has actually been very trendy lately. A lot of people talk about it. We've been using AI with lookalike audiences since 2014. When they first created look alike audiences, maybe 2015 is when that first came out. So we've been using the artificial intelligence, the algorithm on Facebook, how does it decide who to show the ads to it decides to who to show the ads to based on artificial intelligence. And what the AI does is it looks at all the users that are on social media and, and it takes a look at all the words that are on my page right here. So you see these words right here. Facebook is actually going to take all of these words, and they take a look at them and they filter them through an AI. And then they go and find me people that are most likely Inside this bucket to register at the best rate possible for an event that I have right here. And so then that's how I'm able to fill my email list. That's how I'm able to show up to trainings like this. That's how I'm able to talk to you. And that's how we get every single customer and client in our business. And it's really very simple to go in and to be able to do Do this in the ads manager, I'm just going to show you here real quick if maybe you've never learned how to do this. So in the Ads Manager account right now, if I, if I go into it, and I click on this right here, here's the campaign that we're running right now. And if I click on these three lines right here at the top here, and we click on audiences, here's how I create that bucket of people that visited that page on my website, I go to website, I select a pixel, I'll usually go 180. And then we'll go people who visited a specific webpage contains accelerator. All accelerator people. And so what that does is that finds me everybody who visited that accelerator page, then I create a look alike audience of those people, all of the ones that reside in the United States, Canada, or Australia, and the United Kingdom Now, I'm gonna move this slider up to 5%. So we have 19 million people right there, it's actually not 11, it's 19 million. The bucket is a 19 million people. But I think it balances out to about 11. Once it's done finding all the people. Now let's see what's actually going to let me create this right now. It's not going to let me create it because it hasn't processed through the audience yet. We've already created an audience just like this, though, that we're actually using to actively run ads to right now. And so what it shows me is that it's between 16 and 18 million people from this accelerator audience that we created back in back in April right here. And then we use that to target our ads to for our offer, okay. Some of you are saying I don't know how to set up a pixel to set up the pixel. Again, I would go to YouTube and type in setting up Facebook pixel.

[756:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Look it up. You'll find some great videos on here on how to set up the pixel on your specially depending on what website you have. If you have Shopify WordPress, think if it Kajabi, whatever that is, this is going to show you how to do that really well. And then what you're able to do is once the pixel is set up, and it's tracking that information, and we like to use the conversion API as well. Conversion API with Zapier, I set up the conversion API through Zapier. That's the way that we teach our clients to do it, to where Zapier connects between the Facebook ad and our landing page on Squarespace to track who takes an action with us, okay, so when you visited this page right here, and you fill in your name and email address, watch this if I type in my name and email address. And I click on the Facebook pixel helper, the meta pixel helper right here, it's gonna show me that a lead fired on this page to try this again. Okay, it's not showing the lead fired on that page that way. But it is working because I have we haven't set up a Zapier. So generally, it would show that a lead is here, because I would also load it up on this page. Sometimes the meta pixel helper doesn't always show that but I know that it's working, because we've been running the campaign all week long. Okay. And so what you're able to do is I'm able to now track who actually became a lead, who actually signed up who actually gave their name and email address who actually filled out the form on my site, and I'm able to capture a bucket of those people as leads to then create that bucket and show more ads to those people. And so then what we do is we build our ads out. You using AI in the ads manager

[795:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: very simply very easily. Again, if you don't know how to like, create an ad, this is how you do it. We go through we create the ad, we set the pixel up, I'll select leads as the goal. Well, then we'll go in and we'll set up our lookalike targeting if we don't have a look alike targeting. What we can do is then we can look at this to website, not instant forums. If we don't have a look, look alike audience, you can use detail targeting. And you can use chat GPT, to show you who to target. Okay. And that's where I want to take you here. Next is how we actually use chat GPT to create all of our ad campaigns for us. This is the part where a lot of people get stuck. They're like, I don't know who to target. I don't know what age group to do. I don't know how to get all this started. I don't know what to say in the ad. I don't know what ad copy to put, I don't know what text to put. So what determines whether your campaign actually works or not, is not how the pixel is set up. And the technical aspects of all of that, though, that is important. And I would recommend that you go through a couple of the different videos that are on YouTube to go check some of those out. What determines whether your ad actually converts or not, is what you actually say, in the ad itself. It's the words that are in the ad. Okay. So we talked about, we have our lookalike audience bucket right here, this is our goal. This is how we can really make sure that we are targeting the right people. In the beginning, you won't have a look alike bucket, what you'll have is you'll have what's called detail targeting. Okay. So detail targeting is a group of people that Facebook has noticed their interests and allows you to target your ad to what's going to determine if you get the right people to click your ad and actually register is the words that are actually in the ad. Now, if you have an email list already, I will say this, if you have an email list already have people over 1000 people who have signed up to your email list. And you can import those people under audiences right here, sorry, my nose is itchy from my my beard. You can go under audiences here in the ads manager, you can click create audience, custom audience. And under customer list right here the same way that I created, that that website pixel audience, you can upload, you can either import it from MailChimp, you can upload a CSV file. And what it's going to do is it'll have name, email, phone number, you don't need to have all of this generally all we usually need an email. And that's about it. That's all that we technically need. And then Facebook will be able to find people on their platform that match those emails. So if you already have over 1000 people on your email list, that's going to be your best audience to then create a look alike audience based off of. So if you import an email list, then what you would do is you would go here's like my main email list right here, it correlated 1400 names for my email list right here. And then I click on these three dots right here and go to create a look alike audience. I'll go to 5%. And we'll add in those territories, and we'll do all that just like I showed you. So you can create a look alike audience off of an email list that you have. And that will be a great audience to target. You can also if you have organic social media, if you're posting every day on social media, you have an organic following, you have people that are already following you that are already engaging with you regularly. Like at least over 1000 people that are regularly commenting back and doing stuff like that, you can create an audience based off of your engagement, whether it be Instagram engagement, Facebook page engagement, or video engagement. And what I love is video engagement. For this one reason, detailed targeting is if you have nothing to target, okay, if you have nothing to target, you got no content, you got no email list, you're going to have to start with detailed targeting. And I'm going to show you a method to use chat GPT to find who to target. We also use chat GPT to write our ads, we use chat GPT to, to come up with what our ads say to come up with what the topics of our ads are to come up with what the words are in our video ads chat GPT we literally use the output of chat GPT, the artificial intelligence engine to create everything that you see in our Facebook ads and that's what I'm going to be showing you here. Next is how to do that. Okay, I got to build this foundation here. So if you don't have an email list, if you don't have a bunch of people already engaging with you on your social media already. They've already engaged with you they've already met you they already Have you there and you think you're awesome, whatever, okay, then you've got to start with detailed targeting. And so what detailed targeting is, is it's like it's like random people, and pages and companies that you can target that are considered large and famous enough that the algorithm can actually go find people who follow them very easily. So like, for instance, if I type in actually, my mom's name does come up as one of the detailed targeting, oh, it doesn't help you. Yes, it does. Sandy here, kowski, business leader, right here, this comes up. So that's really cool. And then you can look under suggestions who's similar. So we have all these different authors and teachers, trainers, mentors, different people. So this is detailed targeting, we're targeting the followers of all these different pages right here. If you're in the coaching or mentoring business, honestly, this is who you would start with targeting, as you would just pull up a bunch of these names that it's suggesting. And you would target their followers until you start to grow your own email list, target a lot of these different personal development names, okay? If you're running a coaching business, personal development names work really well. One of the things that Facebook did remove is they removed the ability to target based on faith. But with lookalike audiences, you can actually get around that. And we've been able to get around that pretty easily. So that's what detailed targeting is, is if we don't have a look alike audience, if we don't have a large email list, we don't have a lot of engagement on our social media, we target that. But you want to, you want to shy away from using detailed targeting as quickly as possible. This is why detailed targeting is just sort of how you get in the door. And when you follow my system, it doesn't need to be super specific, the broader it is the better, because what you want to do is you really, really, really want to dial in your offer itself, the offer that you're actually using to deliver to people the offer that you're actually using to connect with people. And so if you haven't realized already, the page that you send people to the landing page that you send them to, for them to sign up with their name and email address. To sign up for an offer is the most important part of the process of your marketing, you can have all of your targeting figured out. You can have, you can have, I have this pyramid that we do have targeting, to where it will go will go video views right here. What's really cool about video views is you can track if somebody watches 75% of a video ad. If I'm running my video ad, we ran some video ads right now, let me just show you this right here. If I take a look at the video ads that we ran this month. And I'll pull up this column right here. And we'll take a look at media video of plays at 75%. This means that somebody played through at least 75% of the video through an ad. We have over over 2000 people in just the last two weeks that have played through our video ads, at least 75%. So now instead of detail targeting, you're going to create a bucket of people that actually watched through your video ad at least 75%. So you can go into here under audiences. And you can create an audience a custom audience around video, and we go content type 75% of your video. Choose videos and will select which page they were actually off of. And then you go in and you select all of the video ads.

[950:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: You go through and you scroll through the pages. And you select all of the video ads that people watched. And you can create an audience of those people by going through each of the pages of video ads. And what it's going to do is it's going to it's going to track how many people saw your ad and watched 75% of it. Why would you do this? Well, somebody who watches three seconds of a video ad. Let's say that you have a minute long video advertisement, and they watched three seconds of it. A person who watches 45 have seconds is more interested in what you're offering than the person who watches three seconds. So this is 75%. This shows just by the fact that they sat on their smartphone, or they sat on their computer and they watched 75% of your face talking 75% of what you had to say. And then Facebook puts them into a bucket, and then you're able to build a look alike audience of people that showed at least the interest to watch 75% of your your, your, your video. And generally, you're gonna get at least 1000 of these people much quicker than you're gonna get the next level, which is website visitors. So this is website visitors. These are people who actually visit your website, right, I mentioned I take people who have if you just simply visited this landing page right here. Facebook's going to track you. But only 50% of the people who visited this page actually signed up. So if one and two of the visitors signed up, that means that the next level is going to be leads, people who actually signed up right here. So if you have 2000 visitors, you'll probably have 1000 leads. And you'll probably have like 3000 or even 5000 video views at that point. And so you can create look alike audiences of each of these levels, you can load up each level, you can load up whether their visitors have a landing page, like I do the visitors of my accelerator page. And then we load up believes who actually signed up as a lead, and then the next level is purchasers. And these have different tiers. Okay. So this is tier one purchasers. This is tier two, how do I identify tier one and tier two? Well, tier one could be anybody who maybe buys a $7 or a $27 upsell from you from an offer. Tier two would be your $997, your $2,000 course. Right, because you might get 50 People who sign up at this level, but only 10, who sign up at that level. And so what this is, is this is the value ladder of marketing. And you're able to capture at each stage where somebody's at along their journey. And put them into a lookalike bucket, to be able to target those people. And the way that you make sure that you actually get the right clients when you're building these buckets is by having an irresistible offer that connects with exactly what your prospect wants, exactly what their desires are, exactly what they're looking for. And you use the artificial intelligence of chat GPT to help you come up with the words of what to say in the video ad to get people to sign up for that offer. Now I'm going to show you here, how we're using chat GPT to be able to do this. So this first level that I've showed you is the Facebook side of the AI. We're training the AI to find us more qualified people based on how far they get into our value ladder. So I build a look alike bucket of people that are more qualified to work with me and my ads, I can feel more confident in the leads that I actually get off of that bucket because of who I know, it's actually coming from. And then my ultimate confidence comes when I know that the offer is directly aligned with what people want, what their desires are. And so I want to invite you to something that I'm actually hosting in a couple of weeks. It's completely free. But if you're a coach, if you're a mentor if you're a trainer, and we're going to get into the chat GPT prompts here next to close this out. I'm going to show you how do you come up with what do I say in my ad? What do I say in my offer? What do I say on my landing page? What do I say in my video ad? How do I know exactly what to put as the text in my ad, right? Like we run these video ads right here. I'm just going to show you this ad chat GBT scripted everything for us. They told us everything of what to say. Everything of what to put in the ad. Everything so here's a video ad right here. This video right here. Hey, what's up listen if you're a coach or mentor and wants to know He paid ads like this and you want to make 20 to 40,000 per month, I want to show you how to do that. And then this text right here on the ad about what the offer is, chat GPT helped us come up with this right here. We're also even using a new type of ad that's starting to convert, not for all of our offers, but definitely for some of them, where we're using memes. We're using chat, jpgs offer copy, and then we use little creative memes. And those are getting us leads at a really good cost. That's why you can't be afraid of like looking silly, when you run a paid ad, if I'm gonna get a lead at a really good cost for a really qualified offer. I'm gonna run memes like this all day long, while using text that's generated from chat GPT right here. Okay, but what I want to invite you to is in a couple of weeks, it's completely free, I'm hosting an event called the build and launch your six figure group coaching offer five day intensive, okay. And what this is, is we're going to spend, right like we want, we've spent just the last hour together. And how many y'all know I've been, I've been giving you a ton of value right now, for this last hour, and we're not even done yet. And for those that are in the VIP, you're gonna get even more by asking questions to be able to really dive into this with me, spend five days with me from July 10 through the 14th. And let's work together to build and launch your six figure group coaching offer. So this is what really determines whether your your your ads are going to actually convert to clients for you is by having an offer that attracts the right clients that speaks to what they want. And what is an offer? Well, an offer is this this landing page, it's the copy that goes on the landing page, it's the text that speaks to people, it's it's the topic that you talk about, it's what your lead magnet is. And then in your offer, you can use it to tell people about what you have for sale. So what we're going to do is we're going to work together for five days, to actually build your perfect coaching offer something that's going to convert to sales, that's going to attract the right people. And that's going to be successful, something that's going to impact people's lives, right. Because impact and delivering world class results is the most important thing. The most important thing. And if you want to get paid clients that you can, that you can truly help that you know that you can help if you want to attract the people that are going to also make an investment with you and your coaching. This event is going to show you how to build and launch that strategic six figure offer that's going to attract those right clients for you. So you need to have some kind of an offer that you send your ad to. We can build out advertisements and look alike audiences and and ad creatives and, and copy and all of this but without an offer to actually get people to sign up on your email list. You're not going to make the kind of money that you want to make, you're not going to attract the kind of clients that you want in your coaching business. So join me for these five days and let's work together to help you how do you position your offer for maximum profit and impact? What are the exact words to say to get people to say yes to your offer? How do you automate your offers? Since you don't have to work hundreds of hours? You can put it on autopilot, an evergreen approach. And then how can you make six figures with your coaching offer.

[1101:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're feeling overwhelmed by all the information on how to get coaching clients, you're unsure how to get started the next steps you're exhausted not making the kind of money you want to make. And you really feel like giving up this is going to be the breath of fresh air for you to gain crystal clarity and direction in your coaching business, to feel confident in your ability to make money as a coach to have new goals and a concrete action plan of what to do next. We're going to take these five days together and I'm going to walk you through step by step everything that we're using that we've done to build offers for my mom's business to build offers for clients like Rick Pino, we helped him go to eight figures in his business clients like Joshua Giles, seven figures in his business, and you can read all the testimonials on this page here. But if you're if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor, and you're saying Jeremiah, I really really really need to know how to actually create an offer that attracts the right people to me, that I can run Facebook ads to that's gonna get people to buy into my program. That's what we're gonna to be going over during these five days, we're going to be going over crafting, and dialing in that offer, because that's what determines, listen, you can put a crap offer out there, and you'll get crappy results, you're not gonna get any leads, you're not gonna get any clients, you're gonna make any kind of money with that. And unfortunately, that's what I see a lot of people do, though, they'll come into a training like this, they want to learn all about Facebook ads, but they don't want to know anything about making offers. And they seem to think that it's just the ads that produce the result, it's making sure that you're directing your ad to something that's going to close sales with people. And there's a process to do this. There's a process of how you build an offer that communicates with people and closes that sale for you. And so that's what I'm going to be walking you through during these five days together. Again, it's completely free register for this event, the recordings will only be online for about a week, and there is a VIP upgrade that you get to it. And there's an early bird special that we're actually doing on the VIP upgrade right now. It's only $19 until Monday, June 26. Until this Monday, when you sign up, go here, register now, sign up for this offer. And join us for the five days to go through how to create and launch your irresistible coaching offer. And what do you get with the VIP? Well, for 19 bucks, you get the recordings of all the sessions. You also get immediately following each one hour session that we're going to do the sessions take place July 10 13th 14th, July 10 11th 13th, and 14th. Sorry, I'm missing the number that at 2pm. Eastern Time 1pm Central, they're an hour long. And then immediately following each session, we're going to be doing an hour long q&a, where you get to ask me questions about the session, and we get to dive in and your business. Okay. And so since my coaching program right now is actually closed, this is the very best chance that you have a being able to work with me to start to gain the momentum that you want in your business. And you get the recordings of those q&a sessions, you get the recordings of the main sessions. But there's also four bonus trainings that you can get and you can read about them on the page here, you get my chat GPT prompts for sales letters bundle. Well, I'm gonna walk you through all the step by step stuff of what to do for your sales letter. What's a sales letter, a sales letter is this page right here, even a page like this of where you go and register for this event. This is sales copy right here. This is sales copy. And sales copy is what determines who the algorithm actually shows your ad to. And again, I'm going to be showing you that here in just a second here, right before we close out this event right now. Okay. So not only do you get the chat GBT prosper sales letters bundle, you get the getting unstuck to take massive action training. How do you get unstuck? How do you break past hesitation? How do you break past resistance, when you feel like you've been trying for years to be successful, this is how you go to that next level, you're gonna get the fun and freedom new stress free approach to business training, how to work less than five hours a week and have a ton of fun doing it, I got a newborn baby right now, I don't have the hours to be working hundreds of hundreds of hours anymore. And this is something that I learned over the years on, on how to not have to strive and struggle and burnout and kill yourself in business, and how to really love it as well. The VIP mindset training, get your brain trained, right? How you think determines your ability to take action in your business. I see a lot of people, they go out there to launch their offer. And they let fear prevent them from taking action, this is going to help you with that. And so that's just for $19 until Monday, June 26. Again, no obligation to sign up or upgrade with that, but the price does go up on the VIP get registered for the free event on July 10 through the 14th now, and let's work together to put together your strategic, irresistible coaching offer that's going to help you scale your coaching business. And that's going to help you get massive results for your clients as well in the process. Okay, so you have the link to that. Now what I'm going to show you next is and this is this is like I used to do this as like the main thing that I taught. How do you actually come up with the words that you say, well, we use chat GPT to do all of this with our ads. Okay. And over on my website, I have a file right here. The free chat GPT prompt download, okay. And so you can download this by going to Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash chat GPT and it gives you all of my chat GBT prompts in a in a Google Doc. And so we have a series of prompts that we use, they're actually really very simple. Very easy, you can learn them right now. This document is sorted by category right here. And advertising is the very last one. So if we go all the way to the bottom here, we're going to find the advertising category. And these are what we use to actually write the best Facebook ads, we use these prompts and chat GPT. So what you want to do is you want to first off, create a chat, GPT account, go to chat, jot open ai.com Don't sleep on this, it's going to be one of the best resources that you can use, and you're gonna want to get GPT plus as well. GPT Plus is a far more powerful version of chat GPT that that will give you more access to more features, more ability to generate better content, better output, and it's a smarter engine as part of it. So chat, GBT plus, if you upgrade, it's 20 bucks a month. GPT four is what we use for all of this, I highly recommend you upgrade to that. If you don't have the budget to upgrade to that you can check out forefront.ai and they give you GPT. Four, for free, you get five messages every three hours for free of GPT. Four GPT. Four is just a lot smarter when it comes to writing Facebook ads CBT three is not as smart when it comes to Facebook ads. So the investment into this is going to be great for you. So we start with is every time we create our Facebook ads, we start with what is our offer. So to actually have the AI create your Facebook ad, you have to have some kind of an offer initially. So like this is our offer right here. If I take this whole offer page, and I copy this into chat GPT and I paste it and I make sure that it gets the information. Yeah. Because your message is too long. Yeah, I figured out what I'm gonna have to delete parts of it. Just keep the most important parts of like, what's going to be covered and all that. Okay, we're gonna delete that. Okay. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to take this property, Chad GBT, and I'm gonna say generate problem agitate solution copy for the above, and then write Facebook ads copy based on this above copy. And it's gonna write me a Facebook ad based off of my offer that I created right here, just by copying and pasting the offer. So that's why you want to really dial in your offer first, to actually develop your Facebook ad, I'll show you how to a baseline really quick way of how we dial in our offers in less than 10 minutes, as you can use to play around with. But this is how we actually write our copy. As we take our offer copy from our landing page, we copy it into chat GPT.

[1253:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we tell it generate problem agitate solution copy that's important. And then write a Facebook ads copy based on the above. And so here's some Facebook ads copy right here that I can use to run an offer. These are three different ads that I can use, looking to transform your coaching business ready to go from just surviving to thriving, join our free five day build and launch intensive discover the secrets to attracting clients. Perfect. Hey coaches title long hours a little show for ready to Discover the Secrets of working smarter, not harder. So literally, you would take this copy right here. And then when you go create an ad, you would paste that directly into this text of your ad right there. And what I might do is I might add some spacing in between some of those, that's the only thing that it doesn't do, because I would space out a lot of these different sections. Okay, so what that does is the the chat GBT actually created our Facebook ad. We can say this, generate me 20 more Facebook ads. And I could go through and look at which ones are the best that I like that feel really good that I like how they're opening hook is when you look at Facebook ads. On Facebook, you only see the initial part of the ads you notice only this initial part of the ad shows up. Only this initial part of the campaign shows up. So that's the part that people are actually going to see the most before they click on your offer and I want you to notice as well. Every single coach or or a person or mentor, who runs ads out there that runs offers that runs, Facebook ads, they're directing you to a landing page, just like we're showing you how to do on July 10, through the 14th. They're sending people to sign up on some kind of an offer page. One of the best ways for you to get really good and better at creating better Facebook ads and knowing what to say and how to say it, is to scroll through Facebook and look at what are some of the different offers that you see on your social media. Now I'm buying a house and we're looking at a roof estimate. And so it's giving me a lot of roof estimate ads. But here's one right here, here's a here's a landing page for an offer in my niche. And so notice, we have ad copy right here, we have the sales copy. We have some basic images, you can get these off of stock photo site. And then people sign up with their name and email address for a free event right here. Same thing. So that's what we're gonna be going over with you on July 10. Through the 14th is how to build that unique six figure group coaching offer. What do you say? How do you say it? How do you create the perfect offer that's going to connect with people. And then what you do is you go into chat GPT, and you tell it to generate you Facebook ads, you just tell it to go in and and you could try it a couple of times you can re retry this, generate problem agitate solution, copy and then write Facebook ads copy based off of this. So problem agitate solution copy, it's the problem that the prospect has, then we're agitating it and then we're offering a solution. And so then it converts this into a Facebook ad that you could use. Here's another great Facebook ad right here, struggling to attract clients. What have I told you, there's a solution introducing you to this, learn how to create high value group coaching clients attract dream clients, launch your offers, scale, your coaching business, don't miss this opportunity. Okay, so that's Facebook ads copy right there that we can use. We have another prompt right here called the video ads script. And what this does is this generates what we actually say on our video ad. So what I'll do is I'll take my landing page copy, I'll take some Facebook ads copy. And I'm gonna do this I'm gonna say write me a video ad script that has an attention grabbing question that frames both the solution and problem and one sentence that talks about who you are your qualifications, how you can help people a sentence that tells people what you offer and the results they can expect. And then a call to action that invites them to your offer. Again, you have to have an offer that you're inviting people to you have to have something that you're actually sending people to with your Facebook ad, you have to have some page where you're sending people kind of like this page kind of like this page right here. Get more coaching clients with paid advertising. You know, one that one that we're that we're going to be testing out next week, kind of like this one monetize your email list. On July 1. I haven't even announced this yet. I'm hosting an event on how to grow your email list and how to monetize it. Specifically all about email marketing. It's going to be a free Saturday training just like this. We're going to be talking about what do you say to actually get people to sign up and become a client of yours once they're on your email list specifically, okay. And so you have to have some kind of an offer that you're sending people to initially let's take this offer right here and let's dial in some of some of the copy for this I haven't even tried this out let's go new offer. We're gonna paste that right in there. We're gonna stop it from generating we're gonna go Facebook ads prompt and actually let's tell it you are an expert sales copywriter we're gonna add this to it I think that that's a good prompt right there

[1351:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's start problem agitate solution is a proven method problem you're a coach of course creator with a stale email list every day your email list remains how to utilize you're leaving money on the table this can be a big difference between okay income and thriving but what if I told you there was a way to turn this around by attending our event? Awesome. Now based on that I'm going to create a Facebook ad Are you will coach of course greener frustrated with your state and email list? You're not alone. Many coaches feel the same way. That's where we come in and we're going to teach you how to awaken your doormat list and turn it into it active income I love that ad. I'm probably going to I'm probably going to copy and paste that ad and run it. And now I'm going to have it generate me a video ad script right here based off of that, hey there are you a coach of course creator that wants to make more profit with your email list. You're wondering how to turn those leads and names into dollars. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. For the last two decades, I've been helping coaches crack the email marketing code. You see, just 10 months ago, in the last 10 months, we've made over $70,000 in sales, all thanks to mastering email marketing. And it's true. We run people from a Facebook ad to our email list to events like this, and it converts to sales in our business. And so what I'm going to show you how to do is the exact strategies that I've used to boost my business. And the best part is it's beginner friendly, even if you're just starting out, maybe you've tried it and had little success, that's going to be a game changer for you. Don't wait, take the first steps. I'll see you on the training, let's turn that dormant email list into a valuable asset. So what I would do is I would I would modify that a little bit, I would take this script, take this script and make it sound more informal for a video ad. Sounds more realistic, human. Hey, there you coach ever felt like you're sitting on a goldmine with your email list didn't know how to dig out the gold? Well, you're not alone. I'm Jeremiah, just a guy who happen to stumble upon the treasure chest for email marketing. I'm not sure if I would say it that way. But this gives me a great idea of where to start with a video ad. Okay. And so what I'll do is I'll even process through and I'll have it generate me a couple of different scripts a couple of different times. And I'll find which one feels really good to me. And I'll record it with my phone. Right here. I'll just record it straight up with my phone. And I use an app on my iPhone called captions. Captions, adds captions to my video wants to make 20 to 40,000 online, running paid advertising like this. I want to show you how to do that this Saturday, I'm hosting an event on how to get coaching clients. Okay, and so now what we do is we launch our ad. We take the video ad we upload it to Facebook as the ad we end up targeting our look alike audience or your detailed targeting. Or will even retarget people who already have seen other offers from us reminding them about new offers that we have will take the sale the copy that it generated that chat GBT generated, and we'll just paste both of those directly in the ads manager. unedited. I don't even edit it. I'll take the video straight out of my phone like this. Have you ever wondered how to run paid ads like this one for your and then the copy like this? And then it sends people to my landing page. And then because we're dialing in our audiences with the look alike audiences? Because the the ad itself is so specific as to who I'm wanting to talk to? My offer is laser focused in on who can I get results for? Who's most likely to continue with me? Who's most likely to join me? During the five day event that we're doing right here, you know, that's what I look for, who's most likely to actually spend those five days with me to build their coaching offer. That's who I want to be on a training like this. And that's, I believe, if you're still watching this, if you're watching this training right now, you know, we've had some people drop off. You're somebody who says, You know what I need to create a coaching offer. I need to create an irresistible offer that attracts the right people. I need to learn how to use this chat GPT stuff the right way. So we're going to be going over all of the aspects of how do you actually build out your landing page, build out your offer, step by step. What do you actually say to get people to buy from you once they're in front of you? And how do you convert that to sales for you, during this five day event together, I'm excited to walk you through that process. I'm excited to go over that with you. I'm just going to show you a quick sample of how we do this to build out our landing pages. You know some of you are like I don't know what to say on my offer. And here's where you will start. You first want to start we have what we call the six steps to six figures as a coach. And this is part of our our training system that we teach people on step number one is you find your niche. Okay. What is the niche? What is the topic that you're going to coach on? You can go into chat GVT and tell it you know generate me 100 niches related to dogs if you love pets Okay, well we weren't specific about it being a coaching business as a coaching or mentoring business dog behavior coaching Puppy Training consulting breed specific dog grooming coaching, let's do dog grooming coaching right here, okay? So if you pick that you can say what are 20 sub niches of dog grooming coaching

[1452:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: breed specific puppy grooming coaching, coaching for professional groomers. As specialized skin care for dogs hypoallergenic dog grooming, grooming, that's great. I like that. By the way, if you don't want to, like do it for dogs, you can literally just ask Chet GPT generate me 100 possible coaching or mentoring business niches. And it'll go through and it'll give you a number of different ideas for mentoring businesses that you could do, and ideas for different niches, different topics that you could build a business around to coach or mentor people on. Okay. So this will give you great ideas. If you're stuck, you don't know what your niche is. Now the next step, as you don't build out your coaching program, you don't build out your course you don't build out your offer, what you do is you write your offer copy. This is the part that this is what we're going to spend time doing, we develop out our offer right here. Once we know our nation, our topic, we write our offer copy. And then after that we build our landing page. That's the actual page that it's on. ton of people get stuck focusing on building this landing page, when they don't even have their niche or their copy figured out. It's it, you don't need to focus that deep into the technical aspects of your landing page, it's actually very easy to set up a simple landing page, it doesn't take a lot of time. And we're going to be going over that during the five days together as how do you actually build out from the ground up and entire coaching offer that's going to attract the right clients step by step I want to be walking you through this process together, then after this, this is where you promote your offer. This is where we run the Facebook ads, this is where we run the Instagram ads, then what you do is you do a presentation, you actually present you you end up doing some kind of a sales pitch a presentation to tell people about your coaching. And then number six is you analyze those results. Okay. So these six steps right here, what we really focus on is you want to get dialed in this offer copy right here. And then that's what determines your Facebook ads that determines who you're targeting, that determines how you set up that targeting. And I'm excited to go into the VIP here next. After this, if you haven't upgraded to that VIP, I'm going to be taking you through and answering your strategic questions that you might have about building an offer about putting this together about our event on July 10. The words that are on your landing page. The words that you say in your video ad and the words that are written in your video ad, the words that are actually written in your ad, that's what determines who is going to actually be attracted to your offer. So our targeting is actually done by our copywriting now. And that was the big shift that happened when iOS 14 launched. And this is how this is why we don't even worry about iOS 14. Because when you actually know how to do this, you don't need to worry about that. Because only the right people that you're actually strategically targeting that are meant for your offer are actually going to register for it. Okay, so like let's say once you pick one of your niches, you pick an idea. Let's just take this right here and we can say write a sales letter for hypoallergenic dog grooming coaching. Now initially, I don't like the output that's gonna give me but what I'll do is in chat, GBT is we'll train it with data. And that's why this chat GPT prompt document is so valuable for you. If you go over to my website at Jeremiah krakowski.com, the free chat GPT prompt download. You're able to check this out. And if we go to the sales copywriting section is a few prompts that we put together that really, really help you. To learn more about your target customer. Okay. Oops, it looks like it failed there for a second. As a devoted dog parent, you want nothing but the best for your companion but it can be challenging. A positive groomers Academy, we're going to be showing you how to do hypo allergenic dog grooming. Okay. So now we're going to paste this prompt right here. What this one is, is this is going to answer your questions as to what are some pain points that the target customer might have? What objections might they have? What keeps them up at night? What are their top three frustrations? What built in bias they have, and we pulled those from the book, The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy, the Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy has what's called the 10, smart market diagnosis questions. And these are what's most important when developing your offer. These are what's most important when developing your sales copy. These are most important when developing the language for your offer. And listen, I know we're late for our VIP, but I gotta finish this out. For those that are free here, thanks for staying sticking around. I appreciate your patience, we'll be over at the VIP here shortly. You want to focus on will extend the VIP out past however late we were. So you get the full hour. You want to answer what keeps them up at night? What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? What trends are occurring? What do they secretly desire? What's their built in bias? What language do they have? And you might be saying, well, who's that? Who's that, that you're talking about? Your target client, the people that you can most likely get a result for the people that are most likely to become a paid customer of yours, they are the day that you need to start to understand what are they struggling with? What are they dealing with, you got to understand more about them and more about what they're going through than even what you're selling in your coaching. And then that all translates into the sales copy. That's your writing. That's why we use these chat GPT prompts chat GPT is able to take the copy that it generates. And it's able to create training data that is attached to the specific emotion of what they worry about what their frustrations are, what is their built in bias. And we have methodologies that we use will will actually take transcript recordings of different sessions that we do with clients will take responses that people leave to surveys and will filter those into chat GPT. And then that will help us develop and create our sales copy for us. So we have another another line of questioning here that we can even throw into in the chat GPT where it's going to answer these seven questions. The main issue they struggle with is lack of knowledge about hypo allergenic grooming, fear of causing harm to their pet. And they don't know how to find the right products. They want to feel confident without triggering allergies or discomfort. And so these chat what chat GBT is doing is why is this important for chat GBT to give us this information. Because it's going to it's going to tell its own AI algorithm. It's reading all of this data, and it's able to then generate for us better sales copy, and better offer copy. And then eventually, better ads copy for us. And I'm just showing you the tip of the iceberg. Just real quickly here in five minutes, how you can create some great sales copy to start with for your offer. But we're gonna go deeper into this whole process. During the five days together on how do you build out something that your target customer can't say no to? Because it's the it's the answer to every prayer they have. What you want is you want your offer to be the answer to every prayer your target customer has. They've been praying for somebody like you to show up in their life. They've just been hoping and praying that somebody like you would arrive. And then when your offer speaks directly to where it almost seems as if you're reading their mind, it's a little freaky. The chat GPT is able to go in there and really start to tell us more about what the target customer might be thinking. Now what I'll do here is I'll say to rewrite the sales letter above in the tone of dog grooming community

[1604:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, fellow Dog Dog letters are you at your wit's end trying to groom your hypoallergenic dog at home, worried that you might be causing problems for your furry friend, or here because we've been in that situation, just take my pal Max, for instance, his sensitive skin make grooming a nightmare for finding the right products to ensuring the whole process was comfortable to him, it was a challenge. But guess what we figured it out and we want to help you. That's why we're hosting this hypoallergenic dog grooming 101 It's a group experience where we'll tackle everything from understanding their needs to choosing the right products. See, so now that that was pretty good sales copy that you can put if you were hosting a webinar on that topic or any topic that you're doing these chat CPT prompts can help you do that. And then we go into, you know, the Facebook ads copy right here, the Facebook ads, copy prompt towards the now going to take all of that up there and turn it into a strategic ad campaign. Struggling with grooming your hypoallergenic dog, we've been there look at the little emojis. That's why we're inviting you to this webinar to learn their unique needs, how to choose the right products and master techniques, no more stress, normal worry, just feel confident. And that's the thing is you want to really speak to that outcome that people want. I'm getting ahead of myself here. I could be talking for the next five hours on this topic. Because this is really what I love helping people with is how to dial in their offers so that it targets the right client, and so that they attract the right people to them. All I can say is this register now for this event on July 10. You won't be sorry, I promise you that it's gonna be time well spent. We're gonna go through a lot of what I've just shown you in the last five to 10 minutes about using chat GBT in detail during a couple of these days, we're going to break down all the nuances where I'm going to explain it slow enough that you'll be able to understand, it'll be very easy for you to do and you're going to be able to do it and follow along in your own business and so get registered for this event. The five day intensive build and launch your six figure group coaching offer. upgrade to the VIP, it's just $19 until Monday, July 26. I can't wait to see you there. And listen, for those of you that have been waiting patiently. Thank you. For the VIP, we're gonna go head on over to that VIP right now. I'm gonna head right into that. And I'll see you there in just a little bit. If you still want to upgrade to the VIP for today again, click the link. I'm gonna put it in the chat here. And you'll have that for you. I'll see you over there and we'll talk soon have a good one.

