CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-11-06T20:07:43.000Z
Duration: 137 min
Otter ID: veBJwkvL4CX_xA9ooW2Ttoc3K0k
---

[1:20] Speaker 0: Do the Copy Link are going to go live in the group

[3:20] Speaker 0: let's go live on Facebook man I forgot to go live on Facebook last week at don't realize that so you know right to join us live on Zoom or training here I'm excited today How y'all doing? How's everybody doing here today let's see share to a group interesting this is my snow work

[17:33] Speaker 0: sometimes stuff doesn't work how it should and that happens more often than not isn't that true? It's a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today is how stuff doesn't work how it should? Often and so yeah, wow, it's it's not letting me stream this into the group. So let's just let me bring this into restream over here and then we should be able to do it that way. Green thanks for your patience everybody. It'll be worth it. I promise you that we're going to start here in just a little bit I'm trying to get trying to get it streamed live into the Facebook group here so I have to go like a roundabout backwards way because for some reason zoom that's the thing that's something I want to like teach you all too if things don't work how you want it to find another way to figure it out is there's always another way for everything always another guy

[43:07] Speaker 0: that's very weird the Facebook group disappeared over there too interesting. Very interesting. Well, we'll let a few people come on here welcome in today welcome to the live training copy this here CGA live training we go

[51:12] Speaker 0: wonder why why did something happen? I'm still a member in there. That's weird. Well, I

[54:53] Speaker 0: can't figure out how to go live in our in our Oh, there it is. Says it's right there up there. This I found it. I found it. I found that this stuff happens my friends. Go Alright, CGA live training. Save

[63:47] Speaker 0: we'll start here in about 30 seconds once I press the broadcast button again, when for those that are just coming in, we had a little technical difficulty going live in the group. But it looks like we just figured it out. Which is good. So there we go. All right, we should be live in the Facebook group now.

[70:24] Speaker 1: Thanks to restream Awesome. All right. Let me just confirm that yes, we are now live in the Facebook group in the accelerator group. Alright, everybody. Now we can get started. You know, it's funny when stuff like that used to happen to me, I used to just get so bent out of shape, upset, disappointed. And it was because I was like, you know, I'm not used to things not working quickly for me. I want them to work fast and stuff like that. And, you know, that's something that that that's going to segue into what we're going to even talk about here today, which is kind of cool is in business. Things don't work how we want them to as We can do all the right planning. And I just want to I just want to say maybe you come from an industry where you're like in my industry, if we plan right, there is no possibility that anything will go wrong. Welcome to the coaching industry, it's not that way, especially when it comes to online coaching, online mentoring, you could do all the right things. And then the software company changes software, and it breaks everything and, and you plan to perfectly for everything. And guess what, now it doesn't work, and nobody shows up to your webinar. Gosh, doesn't that sound terrible, but that's life. And that's literally how things happen when it comes to building our businesses is that we could do everything right, we could do all the things the right way. And yet, they don't always work out. You know, a little bit of just about my story and why this matters today. Today's training, I think, is gonna be one of the most important trainings that I have for this group. And I feel like I might say that every single week, but this one I've really I've spent the last two weeks taking notes praying, I got some notes in front of me right now that I'm going to be using, based off of what we what we went through this past week. And, you know, you guys know a little bit about my background and my story. 20 years in the coaching industry, I started my business five years ago, started this group coaching program a year ago, but we built group coaching programs for the last 10 years, with my mom's business helped other clients do that. And one thing I don't think a lot of people know about me working my mom's business, I wasn't just like, her ads and graphics and web guy, I was running the company with her, and helping strategize and even coach her on a lot of areas in her business. And so I don't think everybody knows that. I think some people think that, you know, I was just the tech guy behind the scenes of all that. That's not the case. And so I get that maybe that's the perception. But I just I want to address that. And that's something that I'm trying to even work on those that have met me through my mom that maybe that that is the perception is that you know, just the tech stuff. And the copy is what matters. It's holistic, there's a lot more that matters to producing results in your business than just getting your pixel right, setting up your sales copy, setting up your landing page, things like that, all of that matters. But there's a foundational aspect of it that I notice. And there's behaviors that successful entrepreneurs, how do we define a successful entrepreneur to me, somebody who is making consistently month after month after month, a quarter million do a half a million dollars a year would be defined in most circles as a fairly successful entrepreneur, I think even making six figures would be a pretty successful coach or mentor. I think even even if it's not six figures, even if you're doing let's just say, half, six figures, 50k a year, four grand a month, I think that's pretty good success as a coach and mentor. And so like, for all of you, you guys are here because you want to go to the next level, you want to accelerate to the next level that's gonna come by getting more paid clients in your business, there's behaviors that have nothing to do with the sales and marketing, they have nothing to do with the landing page, they have nothing to do with the advertisement that affect how we effectively build our business. And so when we come to the table here was the biggest mistake that I had had. And I'm sharing this from my experience, I had this track record of success, building coaching businesses, being able to successfully create funnels, run ads, make them all work set everything up the right way. I knew all the right things to do. And yet when I started my business five years ago, I had a very hard time getting any any clients of any substantial amount. And and and so there was even this conflict in my mind, I'm like, Okay, I know how to build an eight figure coaching business. We're are we're helping our clients make more money than even we're making. And, and this created this sort of conflict in my mind where I was like, you know, the imposter syndrome would come in, and I was struggling and I noticed that what we're going to talk about here today was the greatest thing that took me from where I was at, struggling to be able to close the sales that I wanted, struggling to be able to present myself in a way that was going to be successful, struggling to find the time to build everything, struggling to get people to show up on my training, struggling to get people to listen to any of my content that was me two years ago. So what I've noticed is a lot of people like that are in here. And that's the case, usually a lot of the people that you're coaching, they're gonna be a couple years back to where you were on your journey. So I noticed a very similarity to where I was two to five years ago to where a lot of the members that are in this group, a lot of people I see who's on this call are at in their business, right, you got a lot of great information, you want to help people, you have a great idea for something, but it's not turning into this consistent cash flow for you. And so what are some of those areas that that I had to address that were going to, that made the difference for me to be able to make the kind of money that I want to make? And it has not so much to do with the advertising the marketing, though, me consistently marketing, my offers has been one of the number one factors. The problem was all of the stuff that I'm going to talk about today was why I wasn't actually marketing your business at the time. Number one is as a coach and mentor. Our superpower becomes our kryptonite. More than anything else, and I really want to stress this. As coaches, mentors, trainers, thought leaders, were really good with having opinions about ourselves and others about what other people should be doing, that they're not currently doing. Okay. The problem is, that becomes our kryptonite, because we are very self critical of every single nuance in our business. Okay, I'm gonna tell you this critical thinking and criticism are two very different things. Okay. I think that thinking critically, is about doing what's important at the right time. Criticizing ourselves and criticizing others, I find to be something that stops us from being successful, even though it's our superpower, giving unsolicited advice, pointing out where people are wrong and what they should do differently and things like that. I have people who fight me all the time I'm on social media on this, I made a post to like, what if I see somebody harming themselves, I'm gonna make them stop harming themselves. I'm like, Oh, my goodness, do they want you to like that's, and that is in therapy. It's clinically defined in some ways. As codependency you are making other people's success codependent on you and you showing up to be able to point out to what people are doing wrong. And the only reason that we end up doing it, the way that's negative, this is what I was doing. Two to three years ago, when I'm here coaching, when I'm here sharing, when I'm here giving a class, it's different than what I'm talking about right now. Okay? So like, right now, I can point out, hey, this behavior, not gonna work with you. And I got the receipts to prove it as to why the way I was operating in this was I was looking at from a self protective state. Every time I would read a book, listen to a mentor, go through a course, self protectively judging and criticizing my opinion of if they're doing the right thing or not. And needing to voice that opinion, because I felt uneasy and unsure about my own beliefs. And so I was finding self validation by pointing out what everybody else was doing wrong and being critical of myself. But two years ago, I stopped this and I replaced this and went on a journey of self compassion, being kind to myself saying, like, like, to the point that I could, I could fail miserably in a situation. Let's talk about this fail miserably in a situation lose, lose my temper, talking to

[222:31] Speaker 1: somebody who is supposed to build something on my house, I don't think I've actually done that before. But if I did, it's a great example. That's behavior that is not healthy, right? Getting into a place of self compassion says, okay, that happened, I did something that was unhealthy. I'm going to do better next time and becoming resilient. And that's the message of today is the resilient Coach. And this keeps coming up constantly. This idea of resilience, this idea of it's different than resistance, it's when you get knocked down to get back up again. Okay. A little bit about my my story and stuff like that. You know, I have had more instances than the average person of getting kicked on my ass and losing everything and having to get back up again. When everything in my life tells me, you should just stay down. You should probably reconsider. Maybe you should stay in your lane. You know, I had that happen often. Were when I was building this business the first three years, anybody I would get on a on a discovery call or sales call about 50% of them will tell me Jeremiah, I just think you're not in the right lane trying to coach people. I think you should go back to what you do best and run ads instead of playing pretend business owner. And to be honest, they were actually they were actually accurate, and what they were saying, that's why it hurts so much. Because I knew that I was not the man I am today. But I also saw who I could be. And I was posturing myself, as somebody who could be the answer to all of their hopes and dreams in business. But I wasn't the best coach to I still look at this, the people that are in this group here today, I say this, a number of you, many of the people who are in my accelerator program, are better coaches than I am at coaching. Okay, and I know it. And I'm not going to pretend like that's not true. In fact, by me being more honest about that fact, I think it's brought a lot of peace to my heart, that I'm not trying to present myself as the best coach in the world. But I am one of the best at how to sell and get clients in this industry. And I think that that is sort of my superpower is being able to do that. And that's how I present things. But I mark it with this idea of starting a coaching business. So I'm literally marketing for an offer, that I'm not the best in the world at something that I don't even feel super confident, I don't feel super confident that I am the best at coaching. I just don't because I know that I'm not, and I'm getting better every single month. But I know that I am the best at sales in this industry. And my processes work really well. And that the numbers that we have when it comes to sales are greater than anybody else who's out there. Now, you might say, well, Jeremiah, that sounds really arrogant. There's people that are better than you, you're not making $100 million, of course, duh. But I don't let that get into my head. When I show up and give a presentation, I show up with the energy that I'm the best in the world. And that I'm the answer to everybody's prayer that I'm talking to. I don't try to validate myself, I don't try to prove myself at all to anybody, if people don't resonate with what I'm saying, they probably will resonate with somebody else. And I'm okay with that. But that wasn't the case when I was starting. Because I had been knocked down so many times and things weren't working out. And the things that I thought would work out how they would took longer than they needed to and I wasn't accustomed to things taking so long to be accomplished in my life. So that was the life that I had experienced. Prior to me starting this business, anything that I set out to do pretty much came to pass and happen the way that I thought it would right away. There wasn't a lot of lead time, I was very lucky. In that sense. I told a lot of people, jokingly, I don't think I've ever taken a big risk in my entire life. Because everything I do seems to work. It was kind of this arrogant thing. And then I set out to build this coaching business and I couldn't seem to get clients to save my life. And yet I knew how to get clients for for other people really well. It was just crazy. I was like, oh my goodness, what is going on? The problem had to do with number one, my self judgment, my self criticism, how hard I was being on myself all the time, and how harsh and judgmental I was being towards other people. And so by eliminating, needing to have an opinion about everybody, and really, I would say focusing in on my lane in that sense, not giving a lot of unsolicited advice. When I stopped doing that behavior, I got a lot better at marketing my business, because I learned to accept other people for where they're at even if quote unquote, it doesn't align with how I would do things realize that other people do things differently than I do. Okay. And the other thing is, is realizing that it's okay that if I take action on things that they don't always work out. And redefining failure as a critical learning step in our lives is I think one of the number one things that we need to do. failure comes in a lot of different flavors. It could come in your ads not getting leads, it could come in, you got 100 leads, and nobody showed up. It could come that you had 100 people on a presentation and got zero sales. It could come that you got 100 sales and they all ask for their money back in 30 days. It could come that they all stayed with you loved coaching with you, but for some reason they're not getting the results as fast as you thought they would. It can come in a number of different flavors and formats. Failure looks differently, but we have to see it as a critical step instead of avoiding failure instead of becoming disappointed when things don't work out how we wanted them to. You know I had a vision for my life, my business, my family six years ago though, what it looked like, was always intended to be my mom and I running the same company together. And me basically becoming the owner of that company and us building an empire, like what I had seen in the great companies and families of, you know, like, I was like, Okay, I want to be like the Walmart family, we're like, we're just this big family business that just keeps growing. And all these tentacles start going out and we start impacting people. And my mom had a different idea. She's like, No, I need to fire you. And I need you to go out on your own. And I need you to not use any of your clout, any of the contacts that you've made working with me any of the story that you have of helping me build my business? In fact, you can't even tell people that you helped me build my business for two years, contractually, because that's what you signed when I employed you. And it was funny, I went back to the employment agreement that I signed with my mom, when I started working with her, we get scaled that business, eight figures. And sure enough, it said all of that in writing, and she's like, that's what you signed. And I think it's going to be good for you to go through a valley season is what my mom said to her. You don't have me as the reason that you have clout. And you need to establish and build it yourself. And I was angry, I was upset. I felt kicked in the teeth. I was so mad. I was like, gosh, what? What parent would prevent their child from being successful? That was the judgment that I had towards my mother. It was unfair. Honestly, I felt that what she had done was unfair, when in fact, I had an unfair perspective. And I can tell you, it was the greatest thing that ever happened to me. Why? Because I learned how to sell the right way without needing to use somebody else. And the back of somebody else and building on somebody else, like I had for 20 years, and being able to establish myself successfully in that way. And so you know, it's always interesting, I'd get on the phone with somebody and tell them Yeah, I can help produce eight figures in your business. Well, what have you done before? Well, I've helped a number of different companies can't tell you who they are. But I've done it before. And gosh, that was a really weak sales pitch. It was very hard to do that sales pitch. And I felt kicked in the teeth. I felt like the success that I saw for my family in my life. I had just gotten married three months before this had happened. And then my mom fired me and my income went to zero. I had to do something. I had to pull up my bootstraps. The good news was I had the skill set of running Facebook ads, I had the skill set of creating landing pages, I had the skill set of doing that. And so I ended up working with a number of different people and our income was six figures. through that whole time, we didn't earn less than the lowest month we had, we were earning $150,000, it was great. It was like like, that's awesome, right? Being able to use that skill set that I established that nobody could take away from me. But I wasn't making that money, coaching people. I was making it as a consultant and running their ads. And so I couldn't seem to sell. Everybody kept asking me, Can you run my ads for me? Are you kidding me? Can you build my landing pages, and I saw the writing on the wall. I don't think I don't talk about this a lot. Because it makes me sound a little weird when I say this, but I knew AI was coming five years ago. And I knew that the skill set that I had, I had to figure out something, or I wouldn't be able to make money for my family.

[379:21] Speaker 1: Because I knew that AI would work me out of a job, being able to write copy, run Facebook ads, code websites. And I saw that technology was progressing this way that honestly, it's gonna get so easy in the next year or two, to build all of your marketing. And a lot of this stuff is going to be automated. Even a lot of what we teach in this program is all going to be automated in the next two, three years. Wouldn't it be incredible though, for you to build a community two to three years ahead of all of that, to be able to build six and seven figures for yourself. And so I saw this and I saw where the marketplace was heading. And I knew I had to figure something out. I saw the business that Danny Johnson had built, I saw the business I was building with Rick Pino, I saw the business that my mom had built. And I was like, that's the business that I want to have. But there was a disconnect between where I was and what I was experiencing. And I was experiencing impostor syndrome, where I felt like, well, gosh, my receipts aren't matching up to what I actually want to have in my life. And so I set out to figure out how to solve this. And this is the number one thing that if you get this one thing that's going to change your life I see a lot of people We'll say, Jeremiah, how can I build a coaching business without a track record? Without case studies, without testimonies, it's about your ability to sell. It's about your ability to communicate well. It's about your ability to be able to use the words that you write down and the words that you say, to get sales, the technological stuff come secondary to optimizing your sales ability. Sales is simply as simple as this. You could meet somebody on the street tomorrow and they can become a client. My neighbor across the street is a coach. I just found out today. Why is she not in this program? Well, because I haven't reached out and I haven't gotten to know her. But my father in law told me that I could literally if I was struggling for money, I could literally get to know my neighbor across the street and have a client tomorrow with sales and marketing skill set with the ability to close sales and persuade and get people to believe in what they're buying. I posted something on my social media this past week. And I got a comment from somebody who thought they were really cheeky by saying this cheeky is really probably the best word to describe it. They said I think I have found the biggest scammer on social media. Hashtag Jeremiah Krakowski is what they posted to me. That's what their comment was to my post. And what was the post that they had said this on? It was the post that I had put on my social media. And I had actually also shared it in this group. It's where I had said, let me see let me go find it in the Nope, it's right here. Yeah, this person commented, I believe that I have found the biggest scammer on all of social media. And his name is Jeremiah Samuel Krakowski. Has this person ever been a client of mine? No. But they're going based off of this post. And I said this, here's the raw truth. Many of you are not going to like it. Your potential clients do not sign up for your expertise, they sign up for the promise, hope and dream that they believe that you can fulfill. By the way, notice that has nothing to do with what you can actually fulfill. It's their belief in what you can fulfill. Your sales pitch isn't just a simple rundown on your services, and your methodologies. It's the golden key to what they desire most. And that's what they need to see is that your coaching is the golden key to what they desire most. Your ability to communicate that and persuade somebody and get them to believe that you are the answer to everything that they've been praying for has nothing to do with your track record, has nothing to do with case studies, has nothing to do with your certification has nothing to do with what you have accomplished. It's your ability to sell and persuade and close sales. The words that come out of your mouth and the words that you say, Stop selling your coaching and what you do and start selling their dreams, their transformation, and that you are the ticket to all of their dreams come true. And the person commented and told me wow, I have just found the biggest scammer on social media. Because honestly, that's something a scammer would say according to them. Now, if you're actually somebody who can also fulfill on what you're promising, that's great. But that has nothing to do with the actual process of closing sales. And this goes back to what I said. If you are constantly judging and criticizing, and having negative opinions against sales people. Welcome to the biggest struggle of your life trying to get sales. If you're trying to validate that you're good enough to get sales, your own superpower is going to be your greatest detriment. I was judgmental against all of the top salespeople that were out there I was judgmental against my own mother. I thought that I had all the answers of doing it the right way. And that she was doing it the wrong way. I had learned from Danny Johnson how to close sales and I felt that I had all the answers of how to do things the right way and that she was wrong. Well, my rightness and belief in my opinion that I was right and that the people that I had learned from were wrong, didn't pay me anything and my coaching business so well, because I didn't know as much as I thought I did. But I had to become resilient and I had to rise above and I had to not allow that feeling of being knocked down and that struggle and I had to say you know what, what don't I know today that I can learn and that I can get better at and so that's why the number one thing that you got to do Your offer has to do with what your clients desire is not what you teach, not what your coaching is. It's about making a connection with another human being, and giving them their their hopes and dreams. And helping them see that. It's very much like courtship and dating. It's very much like romance in a big way. It's very much in that way. romancing your prospects and shortening the amount of time that it takes to get them to believe in you. And there's some of you that are here today. You do coaching around narcissistic abuse. And what I'm talking about right now sounds very similar to what a narc would do to their target. Doesn't it? See, that was the judgment that I had about coaching and mentoring, I had been abused by a number of narcissists, over over the years, and I had struggled, and I didn't want to be a narcissist, and I didn't want to do the things that they do. And so when it came to me actually building my business, I was like, Oh, my goodness, I'm gonna have to do what a narcissist does, when they love bomb somebody and get them to believe that they have all the answers to their hopes and dreams. It's not the same thing. It's not the same thing at all. And when I realized that, that is what actually took me to the next level in my business, is when I realized a I have a track writers record of success be I am somebody who builds with integrity, see, I have the best interest of my clients in mind more than anything else. And the only reason that I'm connecting with people is because I want to make their lives better not because I want to simply benefit myself. And that would be the difference that I made the decision in my integrity that I'm like, wow, you know what? I am actually okay, now with going out there, and communicating and learning to persuade people, and no longer judging what I believe. See, I had this belief that all successful coaches were simply narcissists that learned how to manipulate people into becoming a client. And that was one of the number one judgments that had stopped me from being successful. Was that belief that I had? It was crazy. It was like, okay, but is that really true? And then I have evidence that that wasn't true. You know, I would look at Rick Pitino and how he would build an incredible connection with people. And I judged him. And I was like, wow, you know, like, gosh, like that, that is borderline dangerous behavior. But it wasn't over the line. And that's when I made the decision. I was like, you know, what, my judgments and criticism that I have towards salespeople towards what I believe is right and wrong, is what's stopping me from getting sales, I believe that there is this line, that I will not cross with people, because it makes me holier than thou. And that's what I was operating out of was a self righteous, holier than thou behavioral attitudes space. Or I felt like I was better than and more righteous than all of the other coaches and mentors that I had seen out there. How many of y'all have ever experienced that? If you were for being honest today, I can tell you, I think we've all experienced that, especially if you're a great coach, especially if you're a great mentor that you believe, wow, look at those schmucks out there.

[538:07] Speaker 1: I'm better than them, I will never do what they do. The problem is they're getting more sales than you. And I want to just say this to you. Listen to me, right now. There are people with less skilled than you who are do not have your clients best interests in mind that are selling better than you simply because they are willing to do what it takes to get the sale. And you're afraid of doing the wrong thing, quote unquote, or you're you're afraid of crossing that line. And I had to make the decision that I had to say, You know what, when it comes to sales, both the ethical and people with integrity people and the people that are negative and fraudulent, they need to actually do the same things when it comes to closing sales. See, the reason why a fraudster is so good at defrauding people is they build trust with those people to get them to believe that they are the answer to all of their hopes and dreams. So why would we that have integrity? Why would you as somebody with integrity, not do as much as possible to get people to see that you are the answer to their hopes and dreams to persuade them away from the hucksters that are out there. See, that was the decision that I had to make. And there were Not enough people with integrity that were out there. And my goal and my mission was to help people do better for the industry. You know, I've never actually heard very many coaches and mentors say what I just said, Why? Because it puts their reputation at risk. But see, when you let go of worrying about your reputation, when you let go of worrying about the negative opinions that people have you when you let go of worrying about how you look to other people, and you learn how to manage yourself emotionally. I found that one of the biggest behaviors that a narcissist actually does is worry about how they look to everybody. They're trying to appear one way when they're really dark and nasty behind the scenes. And so what I realized is actually, it's funny that people that worry so much about why I don't want to look, quote, unquote, this way, right? Remember, I told you I had somebody tell me on social media, they believe that they found the biggest scammer that exists, period. When I got rid of the fear of quote, unquote, looking a certain way that people might miss judge wrongly, it allows me to show up confidently with the message that I know that people need to hear and allows me to no longer tiptoe around trying to make sure that people like me and agree with me, again, that's what a narcissist does. They worry about making people agree with them, to be honest, I would love for you to grab on to what I'm sharing here today, I believe that it will make you a ton of money. But I know just Case in point, I would say about 80% of the people watching this training here today, you're not going to you're not going to apply it. Because there will be blocks and there will be things and it's not your fault. It's just that's the journey of success is something else is going to come up. And that's where I want to spend some of our time and q&a is any sort of even like objections and things that maybe this brings up internally for you fears and worries and ideas that maybe you're like, oh, I don't want to be that way. Because of this, I don't want to do that. Because of this are all that I can tell you this. It's it's solvable. And we can solve it. And I believe that these are some of the biggest blocks that stop coaches and mentors meaning able to create the kind of money that they want to make. So when I feared what other people thought about me, I was unwilling to actually teach what was going to bring results for people. Because I was afraid of people miss judging me I was afraid of their opinions I was afraid of are they going to think something negatively about me, I was afraid of looking a certain way that might come back to quote unquote, bite my ass. And why is that because I haven't beat my ass a few times in the past. I did. And I can tell you today, I've learned what not to do. And what to do. That works really well. One of the biggest things that we got to get rid of is our self righteousness as a coach, it will make you more effective as a mentor, it will make you better at sales, it will make you more resilient, when you get knocked down, it will make you rise above faster, is when we get rid of feeling like we're quote unquote, those people over there are wrong according to our opinion. And we're more righteous than them. I can tell you, that's what I was operating out of more than anything else. And I was so self critical of everything that I was doing in my business because of it. I was unable to effectively communicate with prospects, it was preventing me from being able to close sales, because I would go through what I thought they would think negatively about me and I would start to project my fears and worries in the conversation. And then I would try to course correct so that they wouldn't think this way about me. And then it was just a mess to where nobody was actually connecting with my message. And that's that was me two, three years ago. And one of the biggest things that stopped and helped for me is I actually went to the website better health.com And I got a therapist, and I started working with a therapist through Where did these beliefs and where did this behavior come from? And we found that it came from this, that I was trained, that I perform for love in my family that growing up that if I can just manage other people's feelings and thoughts about me that I will be safe and loved, and that if I don't that I will be unsafe. And this is something that I grew up with and I worked with a therapist through this and I was afraid to have boundaries. I was afraid to even see my own self worth. I thought that other people's time was more valuable than my time. And I would let everybody encroach upon those boundaries. And so here's what you got is you got a Jeremiah that's working 130 hours a week, three years ago, 130 hours. I saw Elon Musk work 210 And I tried to beat him. Basically. He because that's, you know, that's how I get competitive. I'm like, I will outwork you. You know, it's been an incredible journey for me this last year, having my son he just turned 10 months old. Halston.

[652:17] Speaker 0: He's, he's stood up on his own yesterday.

[653:28] Speaker 1: And then fell down five seconds later, but he's stood up on his own. He's talking he's communicating basic words, he'll say bottle and Mama and dad. More. Like, he even knows sign like, like, amazing. But you know, what I can't do now is work 130 hours a week. You know, this past week, my wife has been has been sick. And so I've had to take over a lot of the role of mom and dad when I'm not working. And we've had to utilize her family and things like that and find strategic times where, you know, after she's rested, maybe she can take 30 minutes with him. And that can get something done real quick in the business and get that stuff done. But here's the thing, as I've designed my life and business to be able to work as little as possible. I made a post on my social media today. That really resonated with us, I don't want to fully booked calendar as a coach, I want to work as little as possible and make as much money as possible. And group coaching is what provides that one on one coaching. I actually believe in the beginning might seem like a better model. But when you really dial in your group coaching, it is better than one on one. Because when you're attracting people that all have the same issues, the same problems, and you're able to really scale that and you're able to make it sustainable and you're able to get results for people, I can spend one hour here and do better than having 26 One on One calls with you. Some of you might argue that might not be the case, I get that. That's why I do have the opportunity for you to do one on one coaching we are, we might open the doors to that I think it'd be about 14 grand after Thanksgiving. For one on one coaching with a payment plan can pay monthly for that, I understand that some of you might want some one on one coaching with me. So I'm gonna I'm gonna start to provide an opportunity for that at a discounted right here this month. But I find that group coaching helps us affect people much better. It helps us be able to make the profits that we want to make. It helps us be able to impact people. It helps us be able to process our thoughts better in group coaching and helps us be able to have a scalable and sustainable business. And I look at a lot of large business owners, multimillionaires, Elon Musk, how is he able to build a company that's worth over a trillion dollars, he has unlimited scale, he just makes a new car and sells it and there's so many people that need cars, he's not going to sell a billion cars, he's not going to run out of customers, you know, Apple Computer selling an iPhone, they're not going to run out of customers and it's hilarious they make a new phone next year with no new features other than making a titanium with a really creepy commercial of rock landing on planet Earth. Have you all seen that it's kind of a weird. That's a weird commercial apple. Pretty much no new features other than making it compatible for the new upcoming vision Pro VR headset. That's actually what they did for it. But they sell those year after year after year, they're not going to exhaust all of their client base. So scalable businesses are those where you basically can do the work once and it affects people at scale. So me doing like one hour of coaching, I could have 1000 people on a call like this, and still only have to teach for one hour and impact people at scale that way. And so that's why I think that group coaching is the model of financial success. And I think that every single one of you needs to do we have to look at our business and answer these three questions. What kind of offer Am I making the people? How am I getting traffic and what am I selling? And so I want you to think about that. Okay. What is the offer that I'm making? This is usually going to be your free offer right here. Okay, so what is that free offer to build trust with people initially when they come in the door? How am I getting traffic to this offer? Traffic is eyeballs, its people its names and email addresses. How are we getting people to this offer? And then in this offer, what are we selling? The answer to these three questions. We got to we got to be able to even quote that pretty quickly. Otherwise we need to learn how to make decisions faster. Okay, so for instance, my offer starting a six figure group coaching business using AI, we're about to launch a new opt in campaign today I put a ton of ads together for that. They're super fun we got some of me in those swimming pools I'm gonna meet with Halston, all kinds of different stuff, somebody with my cat, things like that. So that's my free offer right here. How am I gonna get traffic, Facebook ads, my email list my organic social media content in that order, okay, organic content and hit her mass email list because I've grown it to a lot of people are going to sign up that I've already opted in from previous months, or even last week, and then ads to find brand new people. How are we going to find those people? What are we going to sell? Well, I'm just telling people on this offer to join me for my five day intensive. In the five day intensive, we use it as a vehicle to sell our waiting list for the client growth accelerator program. The waiting list builds that interest in curiosity. Oh, here's an area where I judged coaches, I thought that people with waiting lists were scammers or hucksters that they were stringing people along with a waiting list. So that to make it feel more exclusive, like what kind of jerk off jerk coach would have a waiting list. That was something that I said three years ago, criticized, judged other coaches thought I was more self righteous and pious, because a god I would never have a waiting list. So welcome to the fact that some of the things that we have made these decisions of that we're better than other people on our we've judged maybe like a judge, waiting list isn't the right way to build your business. Doing it this way is, it's a hit or miss. Honestly, I would have a waiting list for all of you until you have about like 1000 paid clients. My mom doesn't have a waiting list, because you got she got 3000 people in her program. And like so now it's just an open door. For instance, I'm probably going to eliminate my waiting list. When we get 1000 members that are active in the accelerator program, then I'll but like, that's not going to be tomorrow. Okay. So I use the waiting list because it does it helps build that up. By the way, Jennifer allwood. She used a waiting list to scale her business to seven figures. a waiting list helped me do that. Yeah, that was an area where I harshly judged and criticized and was operating out of self righteousness that I was better than all of these other coaches out though. When we learned to just get rid of this, like the pious air of Well, I am better than those people. And you just get rid of that and like every area of your life. And you learn to just accept how people are no matter how they are. Now, listen, obviously, we don't tolerate disrespect. We don't need to tolerate disrespect, we don't need to tolerate abuse. If somebody comes into my coaching program starts pointing out all the things I'm doing wrong, I reserve the right to remove them from my coaching program. If they come into my call, and start telling me how they think I'm just a big joke, I'm gonna remove them from my calls. I've had people do that. I've had people write me and tell me stuff like this. And we've had to remove them from our programs. We've had to remove people from the accelerator program that have done that. Okay, I'm not afraid to do that anymore. I'm not afraid of losing anybody. I'm not afraid of my reputation. You know, you know what I thought it was, I had this belief that if I remove somebody from my coaching program, because they had a really harsh negative opinion, and they were just being belligerent, sending me really nasty private messages, that I would be especially if it was a woman that was in the group, that I was silencing a woman's voice and that I was so fragile as a man that I couldn't take an opinion that different than mine from a woman. So I was operating out of this sort of like, quasi woke me to feeling of fear that I couldn't build my business and I would just let anybody walk all over me again, I don't mean to say that to offend anybody. But I really at this point, don't care what your gender is, I will remove you from my program if you are belligerent, rude, negative and nasty and like, I don't, I'm not worried about does that make me now look like quote unquote, somebody I don't want to be like, but that was one of my biggest and greatest fears. I was so afraid of other people judging me and I could come up with all the ways that they would judge and criticize me and come up with all the ways that they could see how wrong I was and and I was so harsh. to myself all the stinking time and I didn't have boundaries and other people, I would let people walk all over me. Stop me out, tell me what they thought about me. And I would engage with that conversation. And I was trying to validate and prove myself and start to defend myself. And when I learned that, you know what, I'm just going to accept that people are that way, that's the way they are. I'm not mad at the dark for being dark. I'm not mad at a snake for being poisonous. I'm not mad at a scorpion for being painful.

[809:17] Speaker 1: That's just their nature. That's just how they are and start realizing there are just people that that's how they are. That's what they're going through right now. And you don't need to tolerate them in your space. And learning to have boundaries, especially when you run your programs that says, Listen, that's not something I'm going to tolerate. That's not something that I'm going to allow around me, I'm not, you know, I reserve the right to decide who gets to stay. And who goes. You know, that was something that I had noticed that a lot of the top mentors that I had worked with, had done. And I was afraid to do, I thought that it was that was me, operating out of some spirit of control that was trying to force my will on other people, harshly judging people who I thought operate a controlling did that themselves. When I realized, honestly, my own attitude of being a troll and a troublemaker, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be honest with you all, I got a little little bit of a troll and troublemaker streak in me that I am thankful for Jesus for because you know, and I would find I would go into programs, I would go into coaching programs, and I would stir up trouble. And I would be the one that was kicked out because I was stirring up trouble and I would play the victim. Hmm, interesting. Then I started noticing it was happening in my programs. And I got a little taste of my own medicine and I realized this scenario I need to grow, okay, I'm gonna talk to my therapist, hey, listen, this behavior is happening. It's not helping me. It's not in my business. It's not helping my clients. It's not helping me reach people. And I started to find the root of that was honestly I just felt like my voice wasn't being heard. Because I wasn't honoring my own voice. Because I was constantly trying to prove and validate myself to other people. I was constantly trying to validate that I was doing all the right things constantly, that I was doing all the good stuff and the right stuff. And I was so like, internally negative all the time. There's a belief that my wife has inspired me on in the last year to actually since I met her, and I'm thankful for her because she stuck with me through struggling in this in my darkest days, I remember her coming to my apartment. And I would say self loathing things when we were dating and I would pound a bottle of whiskey drinking to numb my pain. And yet, she saw the man that my potential was. And she knew that she could help. And she knew that she was able to love me through this one of the biggest things that she said is this is Do you not realize a what an incredible person you are? Do you not realize be that you're actually fun to be around? Do you not realize, see that you can change people's lives and you can be a multi billionaire if you want to. But until you work on managing your emotions and feelings and thoughts about yourself, and judgment and criticism, you're always just going to be Sandy Krakowskie son that runs Facebook ads. That made me angry when she first told me that. Little that I know, it would catalyze

[865:34] Speaker 0: who I am today.

[866:27] Speaker 1: And that learning to cultivate a joyful atmosphere in my life would be one of the number one things that I set out to do for my son. It's actually one of the number one things that if I look back in my life, my mom did for my brothers and I as best she could. And yet I was always operating so negative, so critically, so logically all the time trying to validate and prove myself and trying to try to feel like I was doing all the right things and having an opinion of what everybody else is doing wrong again, that's been my superpower as a coach and mentor. That's why I can look at what somebody's doing with their Facebook ads and say, Okay, that's wrong. You got to fix this. You got to do that. And then as soon as we do that couple iterations it starts to work. So I'm looking at okay, this has been a success strategy in my life. By being able to point out what people are doing wrong and call a spade a spade and say, okay, that needs to change, we need to do this over here. But that very superpower of mine was stopping me from being successful because I was so critical of myself anytime I would make a mistake. Because I was so judgmental of other people because I was operating out of so much self righteousness. And this feeling of like, I'm better than all of these people out there that are doing that. And what it was was, gosh, that was a heavy burden to carry. It wasn't fun. It wasn't joyful. It wasn't attractive. And I had to look at what I was preaching to people, you got to be enticing to people, you got to be attractive, which by the way, has nothing to do with how you look, or your voice or your teeth. Like, it has nothing to do with any of that has nothing to do with how perfect your background looks. By the way. I've had people tell me having video games discredits me. Great. That's awesome. If you think that I'm going to keep them up here. And it's actually been a good catalyst to avoid getting a bunch of haters and negative people on our webinars. But I realized that that I had this heavy burden, I was trying to do everything perfect. And I was trying to do all the right things. And I was trying to balance everybody's opinions and my reputation. As soon as I got rid of that I said, you know, I just want to operate out of the most joyful, happiest, stress free state all the time as possible. What does that look like? That looks like spending time with my son that looks like swimming more often. That looks like playing video games more often, I found this I found this new game that I've been playing. That's like, super crazy, honestly, like, I think I played it like 10 hours this weekend. I played it last night. It's called Kingdom crusaders three. And you get to go through the Empire of the Crusades. And and you get to build your your kingdom and things like that. It's kind of it's a nerdy game. But like, it's basically there's no action, you're just like operating your moving troops on a map and doing stuff like this. It's really, really fun. And I was playing it. And I gave myself an opportunity to be able to do this, while still building my business even while my wife was down and I didn't, nothing was neglected, she didn't feel neglected. My son didn't feel neglected because I've been able to cultivate the dream life that I've had for my wife and myself. You know, there's a lot of people that are out there that say be playing video games, just credits, anything that I just told you for the last hour. In fact, I used to judge myself that way. That's why I didn't play video games for like 10 years, even though it was something that I absolutely love. And I know why it's something that I love, because it's something that I'm getting into, you know, I just found somebody on, on Twitter, he just created an entire video game with chat GPT, the graphics, the visuals, the story, and I'm like, and he's like, and I did this in 10 hours, and I'm watching I'm like I've said I want to create a video game and literally, like everything around me is pointing to that that is part of I feel a calling longterm for to impact people with what I know how to do with video games with messaging that way. Okay. Whether you guys agree with that or not, again, you don't have to be like me, but that's part of my journey in my my story. Instead of trying to do everything perfect and look perfect to everybody and say all the perfect things and do everything. I mean, you know, the fact that I'm still talking at 12 o'clock, some people see that as it invalidates my ability to be a coach because I tend to be punctual with time. And so how was Jeremiah punctual with money, and I should never trust a thing that he has to say, because he's not perfectly on time at 12 o'clock, there are people that have actually told me that to my face multiple times that I have, everything that I have to teach has zero value because I went one minute over on a training, things like that. These are judgments and criticisms that I would cut, I was operating under this heavy burden of perfectionism of doing everything perfect in my life. And when I learned to just cultivate more joy, more happiness, having more fun. Being willing to make mistakes, being willing to have a campaign fail. Being willing to pick myself back up again being okay with things not going how I'm used to them going. And realizing that it was part of my journey and part of my process and saying you know what? I'm not gonna let the fact that that Facebook ad didn't upload the other day, stop me from growing my business. Zapier has been giving me some trouble all morning, I've been able to launch my campaign, I'm gonna not let that stop me from being able to communicate and connect with you guys, five years ago it would have, I needed everything to be perfect, I needed everything to fall in line at the right way, I could never go with the ebb and flow of anything. And I all had to be right, so I could feel safe. So I knew that my performance made me worthy of love and acceptance and finances. And if I could just be safe and do all the right things, then my finances would grow. These were beliefs that I had in my head. And these were beliefs that were stopping me from being successful. And so I can tell you today, if any of this resonates with you, if any of this, you've been feeling, if any of what I talk about triggers you makes you feel uneasy, I think that that's a great area for us to explore, unpack, you might, if you're triggered by it, or angry by something that I said, there's probably a good chance you're just misunderstanding what I mean by something. So that's one thing I'll say. And again, back to like, I could get better at explaining some of this content. But I really feel like what I've just shared today is going to radically transform some of your lives, it's going to radically transform your ability to sell, that's going to radically transform your ability to market and build your business. Because we're not operating out of needing to do everything perfect, to feel security and safety and make everything work out. Rather we can have fun with our business, making your business be something that's fun, it's not such a such a burden. It's not such a stress, it's not an anxiety producing thing. It's something that lights you on fire, and you're so excited for I can tell you this, the people who are successful as coaches and mentors, they're absolutely excited and lit on fire by being able to connect with people. And maybe you don't feel that way. I didn't feel that way. In the beginning. It was terrifying for me. But I do today. And I can tell you that it was because it's something that I cultivated in my life. And something that I would say whatever you got to do to work on to figure that out, if you can't figure out where are you stuck, becoming self aware as to where we're stuck along this journey. And what I'm talking about, it's like when things don't go how you want them to being able to shorten the amount of time that it takes for you to rebound. That's a success strategy that will change your life. instead of it taking you 10 months to run an ad campaign after one failed. Whatever it is takes you 10 days, whatever it takes 10 hours or minutes or whatever you feel like being able to be resilient to rebound and not let what tried to break you stop you and being able to press forward and step into what might scare you and what might terrify you. Because you know that you know that you know that it's gonna take you to the next level is worth it. All right. So let's I'm gonna take some q&a here. I'm excited to take some q&a Raise your hand. Let's talk about this. This is something I'm passionate about. And it's something that you know, before I've shared what I've shared, I've talked with a lot of very wise mentors, about they and they all agree on it. And so that's why like, I'm so much more solidified even in talking about this today. And I was I was I used to be scared to talk about this because I got very harshly judged by people about what I just shared. So what's up, Shonda? How are you?

[1013:35] Speaker 2: Hey, Jeremiah, I want to thank you for this. This is I

[1014:33] Speaker 0: don't think I have the the audio setup, right. Can you hear me? Speaker Nope. Sorry. Can y'all hear me something again? Can you hear me? I can let me try one more thing, though. Talk Good. Can you hear me? Much better?

[1018:41] Speaker 2: All right. Okay. So it's not on my end? Because I just plugged my mic in. So I just want to make sure

[1020:19] Speaker 0: it's on my end. Okay. All right. Good.

[1021:08] Speaker 2: I want to thank you for this. My heart is racing. I don't know what that means. But I probably something I

[1023:22] Speaker 1: shared. I, there's a core belief or some that you might have that what I shared goes against.

[1024:55] Speaker 2: Well, I want to process through this. I won't Yeah, I don't want to stay stuck. So I want to I want to my one question is like when I feel I'm thinking something judgmental or critical or something. How do I process out of that? Because I have just been like, No, I'm not supposed to think this way. And then I just start thinking about something else. I don't know if that's completely healthy, because it'll just come back. You know, and so it

[1032:11] Speaker 1: does come back. Does it come back less than next time?

[1033:48] Speaker 2: I just really tried to focus on I mean, he had mentioned something about staying in my lane and just need to think about what I'm supposed to do move forward on that not focus on what other people are doing, not judging or criticizing, how they are handling things, and move forward on what I aim to do. Now I can give you an example of you want an example.

[1038:55] Speaker 1: Let's do an example. I think that's great. So like last week doesn't ask for examples more often. So

[1040:25] Speaker 2: like last week, last week, I jumped on to ask you a question. You walked me through some stuff about being more bulky and and now the ministry mindset moving into coaching mindset and moving through all that, well, then I had an experience on someone else's coaching call. They were very bold, and I felt called out. I felt like I was in the VIP session. So it was a smaller group, there were 30 people on the call. And she just literally, I mean, she's excellent at what she does. And and she just said, well, Shonda, why haven't you signed up yet? She just flat out asked me. And it just kind of took my breath away. And then she says, Well, there's 30 of you on here. And I know two of you who haven't registered yet. And it just, and why haven't you signed up? And so she just asked me on the call, why haven't you signed up yet? And it really just kind of took me a little bit that was bold. And I'm like, Well, this is I guess what Jeremiah just talked about?

[1056:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, I don't I don't say that to people on my calls. But I have seen some salespeople, it's actually a it's a, it's a little bit outside of what I don't necessarily need to do that because honestly, I'll send a private email and ask, Hey, I do ice actually send emails. I say, hey, notice you didn't sign up to my program. Just curious. You know, what would you like to learn things like that some people sell differently. Some people are coached differently on that. That's her that's her way of selling, right? That's

[1064:48] Speaker 2: her way. But how do I not be critical or judgmental of another coach? And process all that though, I

[1066:54] Speaker 1: think okay. Okay, gotcha. So let's think about that. What is behind the criticism that some is a belief you might have? Because there's always a belief behind it. So when you see somebody acting that way, if I see

[1070:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: my neighbor screaming at his wife in the driveway. Okay, I'm gonna have some judgment on that. Right? I honestly, I'm not gonna get rid of that judgment. We all judge, right. We all judge righteously to I mean, like, like, if I see like, I mean, I have actually seen it happen. And I yeah, I'm like, I'm not going to do that. He's not right. In doing that, if I see that behavior, you know, I'm saying like, so I've actually become okay, with being able to do that, however.

[1079:04] Speaker 1: Is it the right place and time for me to call it out? And the answer to that is, will it be effective if I call it out right now. And so this was one that Rick Pino and I talked about for a while is people don't, people aren't going to take your advice if they don't actually trust you as an advice giver. So like, if we share our opinion with some, if I share my opinion with my neighbor, like, you know, hey, you shouldn't be talking to your wife that way. You know, now that's gonna look like I'm trying to sleep with his wife, if, especially if he's insecure, right? And so it's like, I don't need to create that scenario. In my neighborhood right now. There are some people that believe if I don't speak up, that I am just as bad as him, right? There's a whole this whole thing, you know, evil prospers, because good men stay silent. I see posts on social media that say that depends on the situation, I think if he beats his wife, I'm gonna call the cops. But if he's yelling, they're getting out of the car, maybe they were just having a bad day or something like that. Okay. And so I don't know him, though. I haven't connected now, if we build a relationship together, and he trusts me, and he's wants me to call something out and do something like that, then that might be a great opportunity to say, hey, you know, you ever thought about how you communicate with your wife? Your thought about how that makes her feel? Things like that, you know, I grew up in a church that if you don't speak up on everything and criticize people, that you're, you're basically an accomplice to their behavior. And I think that that's completely. I don't, I don't agree with that at all. And I used to, and it used to really bother me, especially when I criticized people. So that could be one part of what you're talking about. Right there.

[1106:09] Speaker 2: All right. Well, the other I mean, the thing is that with this particular situation, I felt that's definitely not the way I would handle clients on a call. And so I guess it was a comparison thing. And I felt it was a little more over the top than what you had just explained to me. And I'm like, well, either. This is an example of stepping into what Jeremiah was just explaining. It's probably an

[1113:37] Speaker 1: extreme example. It's a great example. Yeah.

[1114:23] Speaker 2: I mean, because I happen. I can remember the same day or the day after I was riding that same great

[1115:59] Speaker 1: example. That's awesome. But I would say that's a little bit further harsher than I would do. But she's

[1118:08] Speaker 2: successful. I mean, she's, she's a six or seven

[1118:54] Speaker 1: to me thinking. It gets me thinking of how I might do that differently. He's a seven figure earner. So here's what here's what I hear what do you say that because I know that that would work. But it's a little different than how I do things. But I think that I could learn a little bit from that. And I could be a little bit more direct with saying, hey, you know, there's a number of you that signed up. For those of you who have, like, I might, this is how I might do it. I think there's something that we could learn from this, too, if she's successful. Yes. There's some of you that have not signed up yet. I'm not going to call anybody out. But I do want to say, you know, either it's not a good fit for you right now. That's, you know, that's great. Then why are you here? I actually do say stuff like that, though, you know, I'm a bit softer.

[1130:06] Speaker 2: So So maybe what you just said, Isn't? Is the answer to the question I had? How do we process out of it? So asking the question, What can I learn from this? Is that how we process out of that?

[1133:38] Speaker 1: And sometimes is there nothing to learn? Then you just leave it

[1134:41] Speaker 2: that I just need to leave it and walk away? Because sometimes not everything. There's always

[1135:45] Speaker 1: like a lesson and either. I mean, I'll look at there are certain business practices that people do that i i wouldn't do and I think that's okay. Like, I still don't want to DM everybody who joins my my webinars, I might be able to close more sales if I did, but I that boundary that I have on my time is greater than that desire for more sales. So I have actually made the decision, I actually might be able to get more sales. If I did DM all these people, maybe I'll go find an assistant overseas that could help me do that. versus me because my time is so valuable to me having that boundary on my time. And so what I would do is I might even have an assistant use my accountant say, Hey, I'm part of the sales team with Jeremiah Krakowski here, my name is so and so from the super transparent, you know, what do you think about the training, start reaching me start reaching out to people that way, I'm starting to explore ways to do that in my business. But I might do it differently than somebody else will. And I might not do it for two, three years till I until I want to, you know, what I just process with you right now out loud is actually a great strategy for DMing is if you can hire and systematize it. Now I think there's a benefit to it. Because you're able to step away from being the one DMing people and giving direct access. So people still no direct access with you requires payment. Right as far as that goes. Right. And that's an important part of my my process is being to where people have to pay money to get access to me. I have had coaches telling me that that is an abusive way of building a business that I require requiring people to pay to have access to me makes me a schmuck. I don't think so. But that's their opinion. So it's like, people always have opinions. Right?

[1166:17] Speaker 2: So we just let go those opinions in process. Okay, so there's two aspects here. One not judging other coaches, but then to the clients because I got one of my first hater emails this last week, on the same day, I got one. And I'm so thankful I got this one first, because one of my clients said, Oh, you're the best. You're worth every penny, I paid you. And then I get another email that said, Shonda, your last seminar was so negative, I would never sign up to be a client with you.

[1174:41] Speaker 1: The same day? Yeah. That's great, though, that shows that you're making it shows that you're you're you're you're leading, you're stepping into the level where breakthroughs gonna start to happen. Here's the thing. Once you you, you want everybody who's here listening right now, you want that type of feedback, because that shows that you're actually breaking into your next level financially.

[1181:12] Speaker 2: So for both of those feedbacks to come on the same day, that's a good That's awesome. Well, I'm thankful for it. Because if I hadn't got that first one,

[1183:45] Speaker 1: I have a year ago, I can remember a year ago, January 2023. I got a negative feedback from somebody. She said, Jeremiah, you should be in jail for what you teach people. You are teaching how to defraud good people have their money. And I'm like, I am teaching how to close sales effectively. And she said she was just like, she made it her mission to help me know that what I teach people is the same stuff that hurt her family that some salesperson used on them and like okay, like so I get that I got empathy for that, but I'm not going to try to defend myself because I emotionally got freaked out by that message. Why? Because I had been put in jail before for something that I said on social media. And I don't know if everybody knows that I I got drunk one night and posted a fake. It was a redic Less threat against the president on my Facebook and the Secret Service arrested me. And I'm so thankful they expunged that from an arrest record. They let me go. They like, it's not like if you look up background check, it doesn't come up. But like that was my story 12 years ago, was that something I said on social media? And now where do I get all my clients by saying stuff on social media, right? So if we're talking about somebody being resilient, and now that person when they said triggered one of the most painful situations in my entire life. So I gave myself the grace to feel really freaked out by that, even if it wasn't true what the person had said. And I worked talking with my therapist about that, and now I can share the story with you without being triggered by it realizing that I don't need to worry what other people say about me on social media. As person posted, I think I found the biggest scammer that exists on social media from that post that I had shared about leading with transformation and what their dreams are and things like that. Okay, I guess if I wanted to scam people, I know how to very well, but I don't. So, yeah. Well, that's

[1218:33] Speaker 2: a great testimony of resiliency. So to process through the critical thoughts, then it just goes back to what I'm thinking take those thoughts captive, cast them down, think about other things that are good and praiseworthy. Yes. Not to not to be dwelling on those. I mean, because that That lady is an excellent coach. She's a six figure earner, I did sign up for her program. But yeah, it's, I mean, it's it's an in person event in Dallas. So, you know, because it's a three day in person. I didn't go no, I did the virtual but anyway, it's not a long term commitment. So that's why I was gonna sign up anyway. But her question so

[1230:24] Speaker 1: interesting. So part of that trigger might have also been you felt like a loss of control and agency something like that. I was talking to my mom about that. That's a big trigger that her and I both have had is anytime we feel like one of our choices is being taken away. So her saying that felt like she was taken away your choice to say no.

[1235:49] Speaker 2: High pressure right there in front of ya.

[1236:20] Speaker 1: I think there's a little bit more high pressure at the same time. So um, you could we can learn from that. I think we can definitely toe the line of that. And it can be effective.

[1239:16] Speaker 2: can press a little bit more than what I'm used to. Yeah, totally.

[1240:19] Speaker 1: Well, you don't gotta go. You don't like you don't got a full go full, full crazy, high pressure sales. But there might be one element that we could step out and a little bit of boldness that maybe we would have been afraid to save before, right, because

[1243:52] Speaker 2: well, I noticed that wasn't the only one that she did that with because I wasn't able to attend her full event because I was I had my own coaching business to run I can attend every session she had. And so when I did watch some of the replays, I said, No, she did that with other people as well. So I wasn't the only one. So it is a strategy she's using. Yeah. And so yeah. So yeah, I can learn from it to be a little more, but not quite there. But yeah. Great.

[1252:08] Speaker 1: This is awesome. This is awesome. Well, just to answer a few questions from the chat, I'm thinking about putting like the pieces together hiring a VA, there's a course in the members area about hiring Bas, where I break down the best process of how to do that we give you a list of a few Bas, I'm adding to that list. The other thing too, if you find a VA, and you don't mind sharing with the group, send it to me and I can send it to the list, add it to the list. So I think as a group, we could literally build a sort of a CGA collaborative, like if we know of a VA. So there's a few of them that are in here. So if you feel like sharing your BAS, with the group, send it to me, and we'll add it to the list that's in there. But it's a course in the members area, all about outsourcing and hiring. And you can do that for less than, you know, my video person's $3 an hour is what I pay for 20 hours a week. So that's 6060 hours of video editing. So there are $60 for 20 hours of video editing. I mean, that's all my video editing done for 60 bucks. So being able to outsource some of this stuff is great. And I think it's awesome. Um, all right, let's see. Oh, then somebody else said, Neil, you asked a question you said I don't know. helped me understand what your question was. Sunil. Can you please explain. I can only teach what I know

[1273:57] Speaker 0: what you said in here. Let me understand what you mean.

[1274:55] Sunil 07973782389: Thank you. So thanks for answering my last question. And then Jeremiah, you were saying about you. Your offer is about your clients and what they need, not what you write,

[1278:17] Speaker 0: right. Yeah.

[1279:14] Speaker 1: So you figure out where what they need connects to what you teach. And I think what it is. So like, for instance, what I teach is a lot of what we talked about today. It's a lot on the chat, GBT Facebook ads copywriting side of things offer creation. And then we dive into the tech, I would say that I'm not the best in the world at teaching tech, which is why I tell you, there's actually really good people on YouTube that you can check out if any of my tech teaching is overwhelming is you could ask to even chat GBT about that I'm adding more tech trainings to the back end. But I find like, there are just people on YouTube are like, that's their number one thing, my number one thing is probably more the sales and the copywriting side of things. You know, number two would be the tech for me. And I'm getting better at teaching. That's why we're adding in the Facebook pixel clarity class here that's coming up, which I think is going to be a breakthrough for a lot of people. But I lead with Okay, starting a coaching business. I know how to start a coaching business. But honestly, I don't teach a lot about how to coach people very much. I teach more about getting sales. So I use that as a hook. It's bait, to bait people to the thing that I know how to teach. Okay, so my bait is growing your business with Facebook ads, why do know how to do that. One of my baits is starting a coaching business from scratch. I'm probably again, that's more of a second and third thing that I know how to do. But I can connect people with my message of helping them put their offer together. And that's what I'm really good at doing. But I had to figure out what is the language that people resonate with? Because they're asking the most, everybody asked me how do I start a business online? And how do I run Facebook ads was the number one two things that people are asking me for the most. So in your niche in your industry, you want to look at as you put your offer out there about what you teach. That's where the feedback loop is important. What are they telling you that they want to learn. And then you can sort of create a really, it's a roadmap, you're you're connecting. So this is your offer of what you do right here, this is what you're selling, right? This is what you teach. But you might have to connect the dots with them three or four levels deep. And this is what like your your webinar might be on it's over here. But it'll lead them towards what you actually sell by qualifying out the group of people here, because this is the best touch point to get the best cost for your funnel. So this is the best funnel entry point. And so it is the lowest cost entry point to actually get them over to what you're selling. Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. Thank

[1321:54] Sunil 07973782389: you for perfect.

[1322:15] Speaker 1: Yeah, perfect.

[1322:42] Sunil 07973782389: Sorry, ladies are traveling to Cuba. Thank you. Oh,

[1323:19] Speaker 1: you're good. I really think that that might have helped some of y'all too. Yeah, definitely. Thanks. Tiffany. Tiffany. I don't know how to say your last name key notice.

[1325:56] Tiffany Quinones: It's a little close. It's kin yo Ness. I have to spell it out. Right. It sounds like k i n y o ne. S S.

[1328:27] Speaker 0: Yeah. Awesome.

[1329:39] Tiffany Quinones: As long as you don't miss the first end, because then it's too close to CONUS. We're good. Okay. So number one, I wanted to say thank you. And you have an amazing family, by the way, your wife and your son, thank you for sharing about them.

[1335:28] Speaker 1: My mom was amazing, too.

[1336:17] Tiffany Quinones: Yes, yes. She, she is very amazing. And so I, I had to write down my question. But first, I wanted to just set it up. And you always have given me great coaching and mentorship with what I bring. And so. So today's message that you brought today, I was it like I called it the unveiling of blocks and beliefs of where I've been. Now I didn't realize that I have been stuck in criticism, and also being self critical over myself for this long up until you talked about it today. So thank you, because they revealed

[1347:43] Speaker 1: that that was able to kind of break through because I felt like a lot of people in here are that way and we don't notice it. It's like a blind spot.

[1350:38] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah. And I had no idea because lately

[1351:11] Speaker 1: we're self critical is we're critical of others usually. Now don't take that to the extreme. Again, obviously, like I would be critical of myself if I was yelling at Abigail in the driveway. That is not appropriate behavior. I do not think that that is appropriate behavior for me to yell at my wife at all. And yeah, there are times where like, I'm really emotional and I'm just like, stop. I can't and I think I raise my voice and I'm like, alright, let my emotions take like right But like, we're able to be critical. If we're critical of something somebody else is doing. I guarantee you, we're also critical if we did it, and if that thing is anything related to what we need to do in our business, we're gonna stay as far away from it as possible.

[1364:48] Tiffany Quinones: Yes, I didn't realize, like I said, up until today, I think it's also been, you know, you talked about not feeling heard. And I, I resonated with that, because like my whole life, up until two years ago, I didn't realize that I was operating out of a proving energy to, and I would force myself to be heard. And so I think I mean, I'm still healing from that. But I believe that has a little bit of why I've been not stuck, but just very slow in getting things out there. I think this year has a lot to do with like, also unlearning a lot of things I previously learned. And you mentioned something else, but I forgot. Oh, so and just to kind of speed it up a little bit. So last week, I rewatched. I watched the replay again. And then I really listened to the ending where you you shared your heart with us. And thank you so much for encouraging us and you are someone who likes believes in us? Oh, well, you're somebody you are a person who fully believes in us and our potential. And then you said something? You said something that almost gave me a way out. But it's not you it was me. I'm like, Oh, do I really want this? Do I really desire a business? Am I Am I really in? Do I really want a business? Or am I just doing this because I think I have to monetize my gifts. So I've been walking myself through a process since last week, even before last week, but today also tied in a lot as well. So for today, and I think you may have mentioned some tips I haven't written down so I'm that's why I'm looking at it. tips on getting out of self criticism, and how can I show up without criticism? Like in my messaging, again,

[1397:55] Speaker 1: one of my favorite books on this was called the judgment detox by Gabby Bernstein. I've read that book like 20 times, the end of it is way more new age for me than I like. She's like, started talking about Joel Osteen. I was like, Okay, that's good. And then like, a little more new age for me. So I kind of like, I didn't read that part. The rest of the book I liked until, you know, again, that's my own judgment of just, you know, I, I try to stay away from content that's like, would fall in like the New Age type category really. But at the same time, I got teachers as a teacher, her book is incredible judgment detox. And the first chapter she talks about a as I write this, I feel like an impostor, because I'm one of the biggest people that judges others. And that's like the first chapter, she says that and I'm just like, oh my gosh, that gave me freedom to be able to say, like, I don't have this all figured out, be she says we don't ever really turn off our judgment and criticism of anybody ever. Like, it's like, there's a level that we go to where we're going to criticize. It's just learning to judge and criticize less. And there's also a difference between discernment and judgment. In a way discerning a thing is, I think, different than judging it. I think, discerning again, comes more from your spirit. Judgment is more of our logic, thinking brain, and comes more from like, past experiences, and usually traumas and things like that. And so what I look at as a one of the biggest things was I gave myself grace to not judge myself for being judgmental and critical. That was actually one of the biggest things is to not be critical of being so critical. So I actually found giving myself the grace to recognize it and say, Well, I'm learning and growing in this direction is was one of the biggest things because I would actually get, I would beat myself up for being critical and beating myself up. That's not healthy, right? That's not helpful. That's just okay, that if we're talking about a glitch in the brain matrix, that's literally a mental glitch, because your brain will just not stop criticizing itself for you know, it's, it's a it's not something that our brain can function with. And it'll use if we think of our brain like a computer that has like processing speed, it's going to use up a lot of your processing power to do that, you know, and so that's where I had to realize, okay, wait a sec, this is this is sort of a glitch in the matrix. And I almost feel like I have no control over this behavior. And so I found over time Am I doing more of what I want to do? Giving myself the grace congratulating myself even when I make big mistakes? Like, again, I messed up two weeks ago, in the morning with my wife and son, and I didn't beat myself up for it and said, I said, I gave myself the grace to say, You know what, I didn't do my best. I apologized. I went and took an account and action as to how I can make sure this doesn't happen again, why did I get triggered in this way? Well, a big part of it was I actually not blaming my diet, but I had a lot of sugar the day before, welcome to why I don't have sugar and drink alcohol. If I do, literally, I am a different person the next day, I'm very emotional and very reactive, I feel like I have no control over my self. So I actually limit my sugar intake, it's almost none, because that gives me more self control. So I'm able to look at that, but also then love myself through, okay, I made a mistake. So learning to love myself, even when I do something that is not good. Something that I don't want to do. That's healthy as far as that goes. And then also not getting so disappointed when things don't work out how I want them to being resilient to failure when things don't go how I want them to being able to rebound quickly, because oftentimes, again, we have these brain cycles that are trying to figure out, okay, how can I prevent that from happening again? What happened? What went wrong? What did I do wrong, and now we started being self critical. So it was like just i It's more identifying, I started to identify less of, I gave myself the grace to be more critical of others. And focus more on being less self critical is what it was, was a big one. And I had a belief that if I did that, that I would go astray, and I would hurt people and I would do things that are unhealthy and yadda yadda yadda. Because that's what my if I, I had my self safety and security tied to my own self criticism. You know, I even I even think to the old thing from Pinocchio, Jiminy Cricket said, always let your conscience be your guide. I had somebody when I was sharing this message about sales and marketing telling me that I have a seared conscience and that the Bible says that people with a seared conscience are XYZ. And I was just like, so I like all of this was working against me for years. Mentally these beliefs, these statements, these memes, these tropes, these misinterpreted Bible verses and all of this coming together to create this framework to where it was really difficult for me to actually show up when I would sell when I would host a webinar when I would launch a product or a program, because I wanted to do my very best. So my desire was to do my very best. And yet, I was so harsh on myself, that if I don't do my very best Now, what does that mean about me, and detaching my identity, safety and security for my own performance? And realizing that I'm safe and secure just as I am. Right now, in this moment, even if I'm making that decision. So even if everybody rejects me sends me a hate message. nobody shows up. And I lose $10,000 In my Facebook ads and $20,000 in the stock market, which, by the way happened twice. I have lost I would say probably like a total of $60,000 in trading stocks and crypto over the last 20 years, just multiple times. And yet I still continue to plug in and learn how to trade stocks and how do I make money with Facebook ads and things like that. We ran a campaign with Rick Pitino. I remember this. We had an incredible campaign, we spent $10,000 on Facebook ads, and it made 100k in sales. We're like, oh my gosh, this is amazing. We can repeat this. We're gonna go wider. The next month, we spent 60k on ads. And it only brought in 20,000 in sales. So he lost $40,000 in Facebook ads. I was freaked out by that because you want to know what happened the month before my mom fired me. In 2018. I lost $150,000 in Facebook ads. So the reason why I feel so confident about like running Facebook ads is because I've had two really big situations where things didn't work out. Well 150k lost, which again, my mom made it back the next month. So like, that was a belief that my mom actually always had instilled in me you can always make more money. You can always make more money, there's always another opportunity to get it right even if you screw up, even if you mess up. And I think that having that belief has helped carry me for years and really starting to own it and solidify it is this idea that like I can mess up and it's not the end of the world. It might be a pause on what I thought would happen. I mean, here's the thing like that catalyze this whole situation where my mom fired me and all of this and like I didn't talk After her for two years, barely, maybe once every three months, I would call her on the phone. Like, and then we both did therapy. And now like, you know, we're really good friends again. We had an unhealthy relationship before that was very codependent. And I just, it wasn't good. We have a great relationship. Now, I spent all day with her last week, it was super fun. And so, like growing in that situation, I felt like a part of me was lost when I wasn't working with my mom anymore. And that I was never going to succeed again at life, I had the darkest negativity that I had ever felt. I had somebody trying to get me a contract for 100k a month, and I turned it down because I said, I don't think I'm worthy of it. A month after that had happened, I would have had 100k contract. And then I was beating myself self up for turning down those contracts. And like this was the cycle that was crazy. I had had a couple of like billionaire. They weren't billionaires themselves, like on the billionaire list, but they had started billion dollar businesses. So if you understanding valuation, their their value was like 100k or 100 million, but like their business was like 3 billion. So I knew like a couple of billionaire business owners that were literally wanted to do business with me. And I didn't see myself as worthy to do business with them. And I turned it down. And it was funny when I started doing therapy, the first client that came in was a man who he doesn't have a public valuation, but privately I think is probably worth at least like 100 billion himself. Or no, not 100 billion sorry, 10 billion. 100 billion is pretty, pretty high. 10 billion himself. Yeah. And I learned a lot from working with him. He is a Jewish businessman, he basically they are consultants to nine out of the 10 top tech companies in the world. So

[1551:56] Speaker 1: really cool guy, I learned a lot from working with that. But I started to see myself as worthy and not afraid of like if I fail if this doesn't work out, if I lose money, things like that. And so I've always found this to if we fail at something, God will always give us another chance at it. Especially if it's part of our calling. God will always give us another chance to relearn the lesson that we might have failed. And I found that that that had happened. That was one year after failing that contract with this billion dollar business owner another one came and actually won the contract. And it was incredible. It was a contract for $10,000 a month on top of the other 15k we were making this was two years ago. So now like we're making 25k a month consulting and I'm working 20 hours a week this is awesome. And that was that was a year before I started the accelerator program here too. And so that's what gave me the courage to then go out there and start launching my webinars and offers and things like that and I think that that was that gave us the courage to start trying for a baby you know it's very does a lot to a family to go from making a half a million dollar salary to 03 months after you're married. That put a little bit of a strain on my wife and I we delayed getting pregnant I think for a while. But yeah, I don't know if that was helpful. But

[1573:30] Tiffany Quinones: now that no that was very helpful because I have a lot of light bulbs going off like less self criticism, more self compassion will help me to also stop worrying about looking at my notes the opinions of others to help me show up as I am so thank you so much.

[1578:56] Speaker 1: Yeah, sometimes sometimes the opinions of others can help inspire you but the negative opinions to just flush them down the toilet like we don't have to take them on. That was something I remember Rick Pino because I kept coming to him about all these negative people. I'll tell you I have not seen more hate than Rick Pitino gets hit like that man gets more hate from people unjustly. Like for no reason, just for simply breathing. And, and he told me you know what, just you got to flush it down the toilet. It's that's what it's worth. negative opinions are literally not even worth acknowledging.

[1589:57] Speaker 0: And I can tell you, that's how I feel about it. So yeah, thank

[1591:17] Speaker 1: you. All right. But so but it takes time to get there. It took me like it took me two years to get there. So let me see. Alright, Michelle, you're still on.

[1594:19] Speaker 5: Show please. sinskey Hey, I'm getting a new car today so I'm excited I get to login.

[1596:10] Speaker 5: Well it's a new use car here comes my ride. No, it's not my right. Ah, it is a Ford Escape. I weren't ABS might be an edge. Oh, cool.

[1599:25] Speaker 0: What What year is it? 20. He's

[1600:00] Speaker 5: funny. Cool, awesome.

[1600:32] Speaker 1: We have a we have a 2013 edge. So yeah, there is the V six. It's got some it's got it's basically got the same motor as the Mustang in it. Nice. Yeah, it's got a lot of get up and go.

[1604:19] Speaker 5: I'm excited. It's fun. My Subaru has 325,000 miles. Okay,

[1606:08] Speaker 0: wow.

[1607:11] Speaker 5: Okay, number one, I wanted to say, That's my personality, I have to do two things at once. So I walked the dog sometimes when I listened to Sonic focus. And right, if I took off, you're talking about, you know, if you make you know, 50,000 or 100,000, I make high seven figures. And I am like, Yeah, but I never gave myself that permission to coach or a mentor. Like, I always didn't think that was enough.

[1613:45] Speaker 0: My mom was the same way. For the longest time.

[1615:06] Speaker 1: She didn't give herself permission to see her value, and that worthiness for years. And it was just, it was just like, starting to just own that, like, Hey, you're amazing. You're incredible, you're worthy of this success. And start speaking that over yourself until you believe it and start questioning why you don't believe it.

[1621:43] Speaker 5: Yeah. And that's, I think, the work that I've been doing, and to hear you say that just like King Yeah, you know? Yeah, I'm starting my fun on

[1624:31] Speaker 1: the inside first. In the beginning, we got to even be a little bit delusional for those y'all that are like, but I don't have a track record like that. Because there's people here that feel like they're now disqualified from being successful, because they're not as financially successful as you are. They're not any more disqualified or worthy or any Yeah, right like that. So the worthiness thing actually doesn't usually come from our performance. But our brain tells us it does. Because of just the way that our brain wires itself, from past situations, judgments from others, our own feelings and things like that. So it's about rewiring those beliefs and thoughts and ideas. So like, for instance, one of the beliefs that I had to come up with was I am fully safe and secure financially, and in my family and business, no matter what anybody thinks about me on the internet. Nice. And like that belief was really helpful. That's one that you guys can really take home. You know, um,

[1640:49] Speaker 5: you know, and then the other thing, I wanted to say what it's interesting, like, when you talk about your taking, whatever you're talking about, it resonates with us or like hits a note or like, oh, yeah, and I forget, and I get caught up in what you're doing, that's where you're a good coach, versus by itself being like, okay, when I do a live show, like talk about this, or move to this, you know what I mean? So I find myself like pivoting like, wait a second, pay attention to how he's doing it. But then being in it. No,

[1649:12] Speaker 1: I, I've learned the way that I do that, as I let go of trying to systematize it. It's sort of like training wheels, like the outline and the system and like, okay, yeah, I'm doing these nuances. That's sort of like the training wheels to find your own intuition and your own instincts. Yeah. Because then you'll find your own natural, instinctual way of doing it yourself.

[1655:08] Speaker 5: Yeah, I like it. I mean, you do well, and it's like, I can do this. I know I can do

[1656:16] Speaker 1: a lot of it just as instinctual for me. Now, at this point, when I teach when I coach when I do that little bit of like, how did I come up with today's talk, I spent the last two weeks just writing down in my phone, anything that I would think about that I wanted to share with this group. And I just wrote like one or two words that I spent three hours last night turning it into full sentences that I wrote these. And then I took these in the chat GBT. And I told that, take these points. You're an expert at writing hour and a half TED talks, and turn this into an hour and a half long TED Talk, based on all these points, and created an outline for me of what I talked about today.

[1667:25] Speaker 5: Very cool. And then it's all like, you wait, you say tuition, because you've prepped for it. Now it just comes in flows, because you've had it on your mind. I like

[1669:36] Speaker 1: it. Yeah, but I'll still have these notes in front of me that I follow and stuff like that to kind of give me a little bit of guidance. But I intuitively go into like the teaching. I know kind of how I started. I know where I want to land the plane and basically, so I almost think of it that way. Like okay, I know I'm at this airport starting I know, this is where I want to land it, how I get there. I might go this way and we might take the scenic route. All right. So I think the flight plan really is kind of how you map out coaching and things like that. It's less, it's less like you're scripting a like a like a play, or a movie and a lot more Like you're mapping out a improv plan. And so it's funny, I'm thinking back to that improvisational comedy was something that I did when I was a teenager. And I was terrible at it. But I always wanted to be really good at it. And I, I had my friends were really good at it. They were like, like, they could have literally like, had a show. They were that good at improv comedy. And we would just do it like at our church, and like our church outings, and we would have improv comedy nights at the church. And I'm telling you like, it was, oh, my gosh, I'm still laughing, thinking about how hilarious it was, it was better than stuff that you see on TV. But I was terrible at it. I was not good at it at all. But I knew that I can even grow in that. And so it's funny. That sort of been like, part of where I pull from some of my, my teaching and my webinar. Is this, like, improv type of a thing? And I know, yeah,

[1695:37] Speaker 5: because you learn those skills. Yeah, so that makes sense.

[1696:39] Speaker 1: I have done in the metaverse in VR. There's an improv comedy club that sometimes I go into. And I'll just hop on stage. And just when I'm like, like, for 10 minutes, I'll just say like, and like, there's like 30 people out there. And you know,

[1701:14] Speaker 5: I like it. That,

[1701:34] Speaker 1: you know, that would be interesting. If there was like a Toastmasters type of thing for coaches to do their webinars. Maybe that's something that we might have to create.

[1704:29] Speaker 5: Yeah, my old coach just did a speaker series. And she had everyone do a two minute pitch, and then you could like guide each other and kind of throw in two sets.

[1706:39] Speaker 1: Yeah. Might have to do that here in the group as like a bonus day.

[1707:43] Speaker 5: Yeah, that'd be cool. One last thing is your chat. TPT. I had to re listen to Saturday. And it's super helpful, because I think your video game like I have a tech girl that helps me with some and she's a super gamer. She does things in a way my brain would not think of them. So

[1712:10] Speaker 1: background is a big part of why I do everything. Yeah.

[1712:59] Speaker 5: And like what you did on chat. GPT like the way you ask things, I started doing it. I changed all our Etsy descriptions to that in the voice that guy fee at a year, whatever. It was phenomenal. It was so good. Yeah. Very cool. Yeah. So thank you for that. Yeah,

[1717:10] Speaker 1: I was thinking that this week, the way that I build business run Facebook ads is how I play video games. It's very similar. Very similar, like behavior. I think, yes, I could see that when I do webinars, even as I see it as Okay, here's my score that I got on this webinar. Okay, let's try to beat the high school. Interesting. Yeah, that's how I see business. I'm always just trying to be my own high score in a game, basically, while keeping it personal, the people that I'm working with, because like, that's like one step removed from like being a psychopath at that point. But do I just see it as a video game, but I'm like, okay, these are real people that I care about, like, I bring my Am I alive? I have very high empathy that I can't turn off your

[1729:41] Speaker 5: attention. Yeah. So it doesn't feel like it's wrong or bad or anything.

[1731:27] Speaker 1: I have to dial the empathy down, or I will be a mess. In the webinar, when I'm here. I crank my empathy up all the way. Sure. Yeah. So I'm very cautious as to who gets access to that level of my empathy. That's a big part of my boundaries. That makes sense. Yep. All right. Thank you. Yeah, this is great. We're really unpacking some cool stuff here today. What's up, Dorothy?

[1739:25] Dorothy: Hey, hey, hey. Yeah, so I was listening into Saturday's session for VIP. And that was super helpful, because there's one thing you mentioned about a guy who was running a ministry, and he did two weeks free with what he was doing just sort of every day, I think, yeah, teaching every day. And that got me thinking about building trust with people. Because it's, you know, the yoga that I teach is very individual. And, you know, it's very grounded, it's very

[1749:21] Speaker 1: much might be, that might be an area for you to optimize and look at as how can we how can we start to morph it into something where it's less individual and works for a group better?

[1752:17] Dorothy: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Cuz I think a framework

[1753:12] Speaker 1: to where they can basically you're even teaching them to be a yoga instructor. Now that becomes another business model. Yes,

[1755:16] Dorothy: yes, definitely. I mean, there's so many aspects, so to it. But one of the things is, I've been thinking a lot about is anxiety and maybe coming up with a new offer. That's all geared around anxiety because they Oh assumption a huge aspect to be looking at. But I think that the first, while all the offers that I was doing over the summer, they were beginning to work. And I think if I'd been putting more advert more money into the advertising would have started happening, because, you know, it was bringing in people who were giving up smoking people with cancer, you know, different things, you know, so quite, I mean, I had a very intense six weeks of working with one client, who was going through cancer treatment. And actually, she went into an operation in September. So that's why we started working together again. But that was specifically came through the one of the advertising lots that I did, and she was just absolutely my ideal client, you know, in terms of she was right there with the yoga, she was super committed. But she was also going through this really epic thing. You know, sort of question. Sorry, the question. Yeah. So anyway, I'm just looking at right now, I need to be super focused with my time because I'm also I'm in this period for the next eight weeks where I'm looking after puppies, and they're going to be sold over the next eight weeks. So but it's very labor intensive. So I need to like be really careful with my time. And so what I want to do is build a business plan that where I work one to two hours a day, but very focused one to two hours a day. And I absolutely commit. I mean, ideally, it would be two hours a day. So I say, okay, my working week is 10 hours, but and then how to build that business plan? Really?

[1789:23] Speaker 1: Have you checked out the time optimization blueprint course? Yes, I

[1790:25] Dorothy: need to go over that again, I think Yeah. Okay. And

[1791:21] Speaker 1: so then from there, is there a space? Because that's what that course was kind of based around was that question. Yeah, it was more like, how do you structure your time that way? One of the greatest questions I asked myself is just how can I get this? Is this relevant to my bottom line? And then how can I get this done in as little time as possible? And then how can I get somebody else to do this thing, usually, you'll have to still figure it out yourself to hire somebody, but like learning basically, how to do that, and how to systematize out the different actions in your business. So it's outsourcing. And it's optimizing your time is really where you're going to, I think you have the business plan down. And you know, what you got to do for the business activities? It's, it's getting it to where you're not the one necessarily having to take all the time to do it. And you build a

[1804:29] Dorothy: system to do it. Yes, yeah. Yes. It's getting the system's really clear. Definitely. Yeah, brilliant. Yeah. Okay, great.

[1806:47] Speaker 1: Those two will be good. The outsourcing class? Yeah. The time optimization. One.

[1807:51] Dorothy: Yes. Yeah. Okay. I'll go through that again. Yeah. And then

[1809:04] Speaker 1: based off of that, any questions that come up, asked me those posted? And we'll be able to go over that together?

[1811:11] Dorothy: Yes, yeah. Cuz I feel like I need to build a new offer. Well, I need to go through the process, because I've been relying heavily on the administrator, but I feel like I need to backtrack. And actually go with use the administrator to teach me step by step that you know, and actually, so that I fully know it. And then I'm 100% in control of my business, then. Yeah, you know, and that's really why, because they

[1818:38] Speaker 1: know what they're doing. For sure. Yeah. Because then you can tell them kind of what to do differently. Yes, it's important to be able to at least know what's going on.

[1820:52] Dorothy: Yeah, yeah. So I think I'm going to sort of get going with that. But anyway, yeah, we'll be having a session relatively soon. Yeah. So that's great. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Fantastic. Okay. Jason. What's up at?

[1826:36] Edna Harding: First, my first live event last week, and I had six people signed up and no one showed up both days. Which I kind of expected because it was I had to turn it off after like, three days, four days, but I still went on as if like, okay, you know, there's new people. I could

[1831:12] Speaker 1: use that as a bonus class to give away for free

[1832:34] Edna Harding: purpose that that particular thing, but one thing I'm glad I actually went through it was I realized that I was overcomplicated. Well, for one, I have technology issues. I didn't press record or I didn't press unmute. So I was I was taught for a while and it wasn't recording it again.

[1837:15] Adele Best: That happens all

[1837:37] Speaker 1: the time. When I do my podcast I do. I do a whole podcast the whole course lesson for an hour and I didn't have the record on and then I will beat myself up for like five hours for it. And I couldn't, I couldn't teach, I literally had to come back and do it like later the next day because I mentally was just so mad at myself that I had made the mistake, which is just unfair to myself.

[1843:53] Edna Harding: So, Mike and myself on my course she would do this. And then the second thing I know, and then also the automations wasn't working. So the emails that was supposed to go out, during the certain times to remind people didn't go out to the day of so I had to I had I saw you found all

[1848:34] Speaker 1: that with a test group. So there you go.

[1849:44] Edna Harding: And then I didn't realize it. But one of the things that I realized because one of my free offers is included access to an action plan, where they had access to a client portal and everything, I felt like that overcomplicated things. And maybe that kind of pushed people away. But like, Okay, this is too much for free training. So I'm like, maybe I should take that out. And I just started really thinking about as I was here, you know what you can

[1855:51] Speaker 1: use it for, it's like giveaway at the end of your webinar. For those of you who stay to the end of the webinar, I'm gonna give you this action plan. But you can only get it if you stay to the end of the webinar. So now you use it as an incentive, instead of taking it away completely. You use it as an incentive for them to stick through the end of the webinar. That's what I've done for him anything that I think I'm going to remove from it because it's overcomplicated, as I usually turn it into a bonus.

[1863:10] Edna Harding: Like my action pack, because I think that's what makes it come to life. And but I'm like, okay, maybe that make it mandatory, but make it more like, okay, it's optional. So anyways, I'm back on the drawing board. I'm like, Alright, two days, I know you had mentioned two days is probably not good do one day or five days. That's one

[1868:09] Speaker 1: I would try one day for yours. Since we got that response on the two day, if you got that response on a two day or five days can be a little bit more challenging. Because again, that time commitment, people are very cautious. So they need to my day, they need to really buy into whatever that five days. That's why like, we had 500 people on my webinars Saturday, we had 450 last week. And so then out of that I got 150 registered so far for my five day intensive. And so you know, all those people registered, we got 150 really qualified people. And I bet we'll have 50 to 75 on each day that are just really all about it, we got 50 VIPs already. And so like that's amazing, right there just offer these webinars, those are really hyper qualified people, it's kind of those 50. And then out of those 50, you know, we'll get like, I think we'll get like 20 people here for the program off for that, which is awesome. And so what I'm down on Facebook ads so far, is I think, like, three grand off of it. So 20 People will be great. Because it will get you know, if it's monthly, we'll get that paid off the first month, and then it's profit from there. And that's how we scale is that. So I'm scaling this way by looking at all these Levers as they come in, well, how many people are coming in all that, and but it's all just about increasing the show up rate of people. So my goal is to get more people to show up to my VIP as much as possible. I'm really trying less to actually get people in my program, and more to get as many VIPs as possible because I know with that touch point of the VIP, that they're gonna buy into it more they're gonna be more interested in that

[1898:43] Speaker 0: I can't hear you he keeps cutting out your audio.

[1901:30] Edna Harding: Is that better? Much better. Okay. It's probably my headset. So I wanted to do redo again, like a new event. But I noticed the holidays. So I was just wondering, should I wait until maybe January to do that live event? Or is yours because because for example, Thanksgivings. Coming up, Christmas is coming up. I'm like, my husband's gone for six weeks, four weeks, actually. So he's gotten that like, so it's just me and the girls. Like I don't want to like quit, you know, right. You know, this could be like, my,

[1910:46] Speaker 1: either the week before Thanksgiving, the week after you got three weeks in December. Okay, the week up to I wouldn't do the 18th to the 22nd because I do avoid traveling for Christmas that weekend. kind of becomes like the D day maybe actually I think I might be doing a challenge 18th through the 22nd I don't know. Oh, well, but like, you know if it's before Christmas, people will are still going to take the time to do it. Okay, yeah. Um, you get Facebook ads.

[1919:52] Edna Harding: I was gonna To tweak my audience, so right now, originally it was supposed to be for people who are already highly successful and all that stuff, I was going to tweak it to more general audience because when as I was talking during my training intensive, I realized that this could be more of like a message for everyone versus just the highly successful C suite individuals. So I didn't know if that means I should like, give more thought, because obviously, I gotta change every, like, not everything, but like,

[1928:53] Speaker 1: what direction? Are you changing it? Explain a little bit. So essentially,

[1929:56] Edna Harding: what I wanted to do was real life. So remember, I work with both people who are already successful, and people who are basically on this hamster wheel trying to strive for something that I think is going to fulfill them. But in the long run, it won't, because there's so that that emptiness inside, like the former, meaning that their identity is based off of their external things versus working on the internal stuff. So as I was, because Because part of it part of the thing, in my mind is a lot of people that I worked with that were high level people, they don't want to admit that they're not fulfilled. So seeing a Facebook ad, hey, if we're not fulfilled, co sign up, I mean, like, their ego and their pride. And so I was like, how do I make this not like, intrusive, you know, like, where they're like, there's something wrong with you versus like, you know, what I was trying to say, like I was, I was talking and I started thinking about it, like most of my clients who sign up, like, they would not sign up for this, because they're like, this is embarrassing. Like, I don't want to sign up. You know what I mean? Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah,

[1948:43] Speaker 1: perfectly makes sense. And I think that you had to go through the process of putting the offer out there to figure that out.

[1950:45] Edna Harding: Yeah. So I guess next steps for me, should I I guess, redo my whole campaign, all that stuff and see if I have enough time,

[1953:39] Speaker 1: specific as to, again, your framework what it does, how does that affect the prospect? And what are their deepest desires that they want? So again, you got to talk about what they want, right? To be fulfilled, you've been unfulfilled? No, there's a little bit different language to that, that they'll use themselves, I think to Yeah, what are the words that they use when they describe what fulfillment looks like to them? What are they? What are they stuck in? You also want to give an immediate, like a quick win to them during the Yeah, so some kind of a quick win needs to be a part of what they actually get. Mm hmm. So attaching what's a quick win that like, they can take this free training from you? And if they apply it in the next month, they're going to be one step forward from where they were stuck. Right? And what is that forward trajectory that they're wanting to go in? That's where we describe that in our sales copy as to who that person is,

[1969:17] Edna Harding: I guess for from just looking at passes clarity, like understanding exactly like, because right now they're foggy, they had that foggy feeling as far as like where they're at in life. And so they're gonna get some clarity on like the their present on their present moment, like understand like, what, again,

[1974:55] Speaker 1: that has to do with what you're going to teach them. That's not what we're going to market to them, because that's not really going to attract them. So for instance, I had a client, she did a great job with this where she was struggling to connect with people and I asked her well explained to me like what the lifestyle of your target customers and it was all basically single women who had just left a job and they were looking to find their next big, like their next breakthrough. And so her offer was create the career that fits your purpose. So specific about that transitioning to the career that fits their purpose. And then how to how to have better friendships to was another offer that she did, how to have more meaningful friendships. So again, they needed clarity was her message, but it really manifested and they just wanted more friends. So that was the quick win and showing them how to have more friends and then revealing to them maybe you're not so fulfilled in the rest of your life.

[1993:37] Speaker 0: Does that make sense? So yeah, once you are those areas,

[1994:52] Edna Harding: right. Okay. I think I just need to like, like go through the buyers of it's called the hero's journey again, and kind of like really think about there because it could, it could come from different. I'm trying to I would have to really think this through and you Because that's really identifying, I'm sorry,

[2000:32] Speaker 1: look back at your life, your personal life experiences that you can embody as well as clients you've worked with in the past as to what their story goals, what did that what is their day to day look like? Like that's like you really want to figure out the day to day of your target client. And like speed, what is front of mind back of mind as far as a real goal they have constantly that's nagging them in the back of their mind, in their own words, then figure out what those words are. So that's why the feedback loop is really so important as you want to offer that gets that feedback loop from people or they tell you, Hey, this is what I'm dealing with. So like, when somebody tells me, Hey, I can't figure out how to read reports on Facebook ads, that's very specific. Versus just, I can't make my ads work. Well, that could be five things specific as to so then I would make an offer, how to read reports on Facebook ads versus how to grow your business with Facebook ads, it'd be a very different offer, as to the actual action that you're going to help them walk through. So you want to maybe identify one or two actions that you're gonna help them with, start and grow your group mentorship, get your music heard by millions of your stock portfolio,

[2020:43] Edna Harding: think tangible sounds like

[2021:13] Speaker 1: something tangible that you can Yeah, like that, they can see that you can at least get them to the trajectory towards that. And so it's, it's about really productizing the and tangible. Right, what do you help them with is unchangeable. But I think you can productize it. And certainly I talked with Georgie and ban off about this for a while. Because really what he helps people do as he helps them go from the back row in the church, that he calls in a lot of his target customer thinks of themselves as little old me's that want to do something for God. And he literally teaches them how they can be leaders in the church realm, as I like to package it as you feel called to leadership, but just feel like nobody recognizes you. And that a lot of people grabbed on to that. Do you want to talk voice and discern?

[2034:17] Edna Harding: Well, right. As you were talking, the thing that comes to my mind that I've done before, like the 10 was going from no to known, like no to. Thanks. That's

[2036:42] Speaker 1: a great one. That's a great hook.

[2037:06] Edna Harding: So someone who keeps getting no and all of a sudden, they're No, you're

[2038:24] Speaker 1: a total No. Oh, you feel like you're you're nobody knows who you are. And everybody's saying no to you. And you're just there's no doors opening for you get to where you are known and people know your name when you walk in the room. They don't even have to tell you. Yes, you already know you'd got it.

[2042:53] Edna Harding: Something like something like that. But right there

[2043:33] Speaker 1: that. Take that and run with that. I think that there's a lie. Okay.

[2044:38] Edna Harding: Definitely. All right. Okay, sounds good. Thank you.

[2045:50] Speaker 1: All right. Adele, what's up Adele? And I'm going to take Adele and then Kevin. And so listen, if anybody else raises their hand, I do apologize. I'm not going to take your question. Because I gotta, I have. I'm getting texts from a few people that I need to get going. So

[2049:27] Adele Best: hi, Jeremiah. That's just a couple of quick questions. And yeah, just touching on the fear of other people's opinions. That's something that I've really been battling with. And I actually for any other Christians on here, God really dealt with me last week. And he said, When are you going to repent of this? And when I actually just thought, I'm really, really sorry, because he said, you this is idolatry. And I said,

[2055:00] Speaker 1: about the fear of man. Yeah,

[2055:25] Adele Best: it's idolatry. And when I realized that I just felt like a massive burden lifted off me and I feel I feel like it that's completely broken, though. So I'm really excited to get out there. Get out of my own way. It's not about me, it's about serving people. making a profit

[2059:20] Speaker 1: for other people masquerades itself as wisdom. Yeah,

[2060:23] Adele Best: it's. And I really feel through in that in that era, anybody else is struggling with that just repent of idolatry. And that's it. But just the touch. You mentioned there about having a waitlist? Do you just mean like having those doors opening and doors closing strategy, creating that urgency? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then another question I had was seeing your website where you have a chat GPT lead magnet. So obviously, the webinars are like our main lead magnets, our free events

[2068:48] Speaker 1: are just a bonus resource.

[2069:31] Adele Best: So do you get most of your email listings from the webinars? Or webinars? Yeah, they

[2071:15] Speaker 0: all come from Yeah,

[2071:30] Adele Best: you don't get very many from Do you think I need an additional lead magnet? No, no. Okay.

[2073:07] Speaker 1: I think webinars are great. I'm probably gonna maybe do an e book lead magnet here soon. And then the goal is I'm gonna get people to join me on one of my next webinars from the ebook. Because I'm gonna tell them grab this ebook. Join me on my webinar, so I'm taking them through. They can read it. Yeah, podcasts. I'm basically

[2078:02] Adele Best: like a little trail that loops back always to the self loop. So if I was to have a lead magnet on my website, then just have like something that that goes if you want to know more log onto my event. Ebooks are really nice.

[2080:47] Speaker 1: Yeah, like a domain name where you always link to your latest live event. And you could say go to this site like Adele's event.com. Yeah, I've known some people that have done that. And then they always just update that link with whatever their latest live event, I should probably make Jeremiah's event.com. So I can do that. Yeah.

[2085:32] Adele Best: So just update you where I am. I'm still built. I'm still just finishing the funnel, but I'm tweaking my copy and my offer and yeah, I'm going down the route of like, high ticket business coaching, but with a trauma kind of element to it. So yeah, I'm just kind of like I'm basically My offer is going to be build your own kind of like luxury business in six steps with a trauma element to it. That's kind of the I'm moving away from narcissistic abuse. I just don't have a feeling that I can monetize it. And I just I feel like if someone has that in their background, I can deal with that in the course but I'm actually just gonna focus more on Yeah, wealth. Because I think long term that's more than the and I want to go in so. I'll pass it online cuz I know you're under pressure for time. Thank you. I know

[2098:32] Speaker 0: you're good. That's good. All right, Kevin. What's up, buddy?

[2100:00] Kevin Winebarger: Here we go. Oh, yeah. Click unmute. I'm good. I'm really good. I um, I've been just a creeper like watching on just Facebook over the past several months and been learning a lot just sort of chillin on there lurking Is that is that the word Lurker creeper. I don't know, creeper sounds creepy. Because you get what I'm saying. I've been learning a lot. And last time I was on here, you basically were just like, Dude, you need to take a walk because I was just strung out and stressed. And, and I got into this to basically like, the AI thing really intrigued me. But I was trying to over function instead of just like pulling back first and then getting into a place of balance. So then just as a quick update, that's sort of what I've been doing the past couple of months. I did have a couple questions that I wrote down, so I wouldn't forget them. So I'll chuck them in the chat. I was gonna ask you, what have you done to develop your content engine? And what is does aI have a role in that? If you have a course with that I can we just

[2116:08] Speaker 1: finished a course on it. Oh, cool. Okay, well, the five minute Content Creation Blueprint, okay, sweet, where I break down how I spend like five minutes coming up with content. Okay. And then where access to the VA is looking for? Yeah, so that's in another course that we just finished a month ago called outsourcing to so that's why like, we keep adding these features to the program, too. And there's, there's a PDF list when you go in the course the outsourcing for coaches and mentors. There's a PDF list in there of VAs that you can find, but I find them on online. jobs.ph.

[2125:48] Kevin Winebarger: Okay, and what was that first one you said about the content engine?

[2126:55] Speaker 1: The first one was a five, the five minute Content Creation Blueprint. Okay. I try to spend no more than five minutes on any piece of content. Uh huh. And use AI to help with a lot of that.

[2130:14] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah, the biggest thing I've learned since being in this group is that most of the time, I'm just not asking the right questions. And AI has just proven that time and time again, because it'll give you awesome answers. If you ask the right questions. Yeah, it's

[2133:54] Speaker 1: pretty, it's pretty cool. And you can really brainstorm with it. They're supposed to they just had a keynote, I guess today on some AI stuff at school, but cool.

[2136:10] Kevin Winebarger: All right. And then the only other question I had, I've scoured the internet. I cannot find this anywhere. But I feel like there's got to be some AI tool for this. Is there any tool you know of that can transcribe a lyrics from like a music video? I know that's really niche, but I do music more. I

[2140:48] Speaker 1: don't know. I don't think I know of anything. There is a guy on Twitter that if you subscribe to him, he will respond back to you. And he probably has the answer. I'm gonna give you the link to it and be sick. He's like He's like, he's like my AI guru that I follow. If anybody wants to see what's coming up with AI Robert Scoble is just like, think of like, like, who would I listen to about AI? He's the guy and so I'm subscribed to his channel on twitter. And I don't know what I pay it's a couple bucks a month. But then I have a special tag next to my name as a verified follower and subscriber and he always replies back to any questions I asked which is kind of cool so

[2154:01] Kevin Winebarger: and I just realized in this chat I had a q2 but he already got answered by others so Okay, that's all like that any

[2155:36] Speaker 1: oh that scans music and can do that no, I don't know anything right now yet that does that I know that they that it can create music that you can create lyrics and sound and things like that. Ai transcribe. I did have one other search In

[2160:50] Speaker 0: Oh, interesting, says that whisper can do it.

[2162:12] Speaker 1: So whisper is actually in the chat GPT app. And if you click on this little talking feature right here, we can we can actually test it out if we click on this talking feature right here. Here's the talking feature. And so let me do What's that song? Oh, Donny Osmond. Mulan. Make a man.

[2169:19] Speaker 0: Let's see if we can do it. See if we can transcribe it correctly. Yeah,

[2170:18] Kevin Winebarger: the the kind of use case I'm looking for is, you know what, like Opus Pro is where people will put in the YouTube link and it'll like they can basically grab short form content from it. You ever seen before? I'm wondering if there's a way that you can almost like put in a music video or something like that and then grab lyrics from it. Like,

[2175:37] Speaker 1: yeah, I mean, if the music video has lyrics, but yeah, I don't know of anything.

[2176:50] Kevin Winebarger: Okay. That's insane. Yeah, obviously, I can like look up stuff, but um, it's it's sick because like captions, you can just press them and they're like, 90% right, you know? So I was wondering if there's any, like music equivalent. I feel like someone's gonna make that at some point, though.

[2180:45] Speaker 1: Let me see. Oh, Chad GBT is telling me to check out it's called Opus Pro. And it says that it has like, it's an AI video clipping out. Yeah. Was.

[2183:33] Kevin Winebarger: That's the one I was talking about. I don't know if they can. Maybe they can pull lyrics from music videos, but Opus Pro. It's like you load in a YouTube video. It will scan a whole video. A lot of people in podcasts use it, and it will make like 32nd short clips for you. Okay, I gotcha. I see it as like captions on it and everything.

[2188:39] Speaker 0: Well, there's quite a few other that do that with YouTube. A lot of them have transcripts, too. So. Yeah. All right. Cool.

[2190:27] Speaker 1: Cool. Well, thanks. Yeah. Thanks, everybody. This has been great. The q&a time has been great. Next week, we will have our normal q&a. We have the bonus q&a from the webinar on Saturday, and then we got the five day next week. So I'll see y'all then. Have a good one.

