Growing Your Email List Step-By-Step
Date: 2023-03-28T20:40:00.000Z
Duration: 98 min
Otter ID: v6Hl63WRqjnzPpGP_s8deqT1xOU
---

[145:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello. Hello, Welcome. Welcome. Welcome, everybody. Welcome to this session today. I am so excited that you're here. I'm excited that you're here with me on a Tuesday afternoon. This is going to be incredible. Listen for those of you that I haven't met yet. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and thanks for being here. Let me turn off the countdown timer here. Thanks for being here today. You can be anywhere I'm sure you got schedule and plans and things to do but you're here committing to learning and growing in your business and learning how to grow your email list. And so this is going to be power packed filled with implementation strategies. And if you've ever watched me do a presentation like this before Here's what's exciting. I've never shared what I'm going to be sharing today, on a presentation like this, it's, I don't rinse and repeat the same stuff every single time. And so when you come on this, you can feel confident that it's going to be new strategies for you, that are going to help you get the kind of results that are promised. Just a few ground keeping things to get out of the way. Again, this is specifically for coaches, course creators, mentors and trainers, okay. And so if that's not you, and you're like, Man, this isn't gonna work, or I don't like what Jeremiah said, Well, there's a reason for that. Because in other industries, what I'm about to teach you probably isn't what works. In fact, it's probably what's taught different. And maybe you had other coaches that you've worked with, before, they've taught you certain ways to grow your email list and do certain things. What I'm going to share from you is from my expertise of working in this industry for the last 20 years, successfully, not just working 20 years, right? Like I could have been word worked for 20 years and been unsuccessful, right? You don't want to learn from somebody like that. But what if you could learn exactly what the top mentors, trainers and coaches are doing right now, today, in their business to grow? I built two coaching businesses to over $10 million. And in my own coaching business, in the last seven months, we brought in over $600,000 in sales. And so if you're a coach, mentor trainer, and you want to know, how the heck do I make 20 to $40,000 per month, I'm going to show you how to do that this is specifically for people that want to make 20 to $40,000 per month. If you're like hey, you know, I just want to make a little bit of money or you're like, I just want to impact people, I don't want to make any money. I just want to help so many people with my message, here's the thing, you're gonna help people with your message. I strongly, strongly, strongly believe in impact, I strongly, strongly believe in. And I know that what I'm going to be teaching you today is going to strongly impact you, okay. But if you don't have a vision, for financial increase, you will be dead in the water, even trying to apply what I'm going to teach you today. That's not to sound harsh, because and this is what I mean, I am not for everybody. I am specifically for the person who wants to make 20 to $40,000 per month knows that there's risk involved, right? knows that success is not guaranteed, right? knows that there is going to be hard work. And there's probably going to be things that they have to learn new skills they have to learn and things that they've never done before to get the kind of result that they want to make. And so if you're looking for a lottery ticket, or a get rich quick scheme, or some magical way to just put up a website, and it prints money for you. I'm sorry, but you're not gonna get that from me. In fact, most of the people that sell you that they're liars, they're not truthful. They're not actually helping you because that's not reality. They know that they can effectively lie to you just enough to convince you that that fantasy is possible, and that you'll spend money with them. It makes me sad, and it's prevalent in the coaching and online course business. Can I just say this? I have zero tolerance for people that lack integrity, and honesty, okay. My tribe is a group of people that is willing to learn new skills, go to work, they want to make a ridiculous amount of money. So that they can do big things in the world. They have a message that they want to help people with their growing in their skill set, right? They realize their limitations. They are willing to learn what they don't know already. And they're willing to try new things out. And that's one of the most important things. I just want to encourage you from everything that you learned today, I'm going to be sharing some things with you that are very much against the norm of what is taught in traditional marketing. Here's why. Because I want to draw a straight line for you. From where you are right now to 20,000 plus per month, okay. And to be honest, most people are not ready to go on this path. They're just not They're not ready to go on that path. They have way too many issues to work through, to even get there, then and this, that's not to be harsh. I have a lot of issues to work through myself. Just a little bit of my background and my experience. I've been in this industry for 20 years, I have successfully helped coaches, trainers or mentors, I'm gonna show you a few of them. The first one that I actually worked with was a lady her name was Danny Johnson and I helped put together online courses and actually they weren't they weren't online at the time, but they were sold online. And they were DVDs and CDs that taught people how to get out of debt and how to train their kids and how to grow in the direct sales, mlm network marketing space. Okay, I'm personally not a big fan of network marketing businesses, but what I learned was how to coach and mentor people in a particular niche, and the and the process of doing so and the process of getting clients and making a lot of money doing that. And then after that, I went on to work with my mom, so you know who she is Sandy Krakowski. And we built a real change.com to over $20 million as a coaching business, teaching people how to get clients how to make money in their business. And to this day, my mom, she runs a stocks investment Academy, I work with her still as a consultant, building out the offers and the strategy and helping her grow her email list. Last month, we got over over 5000 new leads on her email list in just one month. And that converted to over 20 times what we spent in ADS. Now you might be saying, wait a second, I have to spend money on ads. Yes. The methodology that I teach involves using paid advertising, can you make money with organic? Sure, one of the best ways to do that is that you have to DM people, direct message them, and essentially spam them to join your offers. Now it is an effective way to do that. But what I've learned and most people burn out from that methodology, the direct message methodology, it's a way to make money without spending money on paid ads. But if you know how to run paid ads the right way, there is not a net loss. What I teach is a methodology of this. Usually you'll spend about $300 per campaign on paid ads, and a failing campaign for most of my clients, they make back at least double that. So they're not losing money, right? They spent this on on let's say March 1, by March 14, before the credit card bill even comes in, they're making a profit. One of the best things that I recommend is to use a credit card to run your paid ads. This is why getting out of debt is a powerful strategy for you in business so that you can leverage other people's money like credit cards, even if you have a credit card with $1,000 on it, you can start to run paid ads, and then you pay back that bill after the sales come in, in your coaching business. Okay. Now, you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, I thought that this was a training all about growing my email list, it is okay. But it's specifically for coaches, trainers and mentors who want to skyrocket their revenue to 20 to $40,000 per month, the number one indicator of a coach growing their business and making money is how many people they have on their email list, and having at least 1000 highly engaged subscribers. Now, even on your best day with marketing. Did you know that 50%

[304:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: of every person who joins your email list let me move the monitor over just a little bit 50% of everybody who joins your email list is going to unsubscribe. And that's a good thing. Okay. The other 50% is going to stay on and be highly engaged. Here's here's what it is. You can't control people and what they do once they join your email list. One of the biggest mistakes that people make is trying to control other people and being concerned about bothering people on their email list emailing their list too many times and they're worried that people are going to unsubscribe and leave or they're not going to like them or they're not going to resonate with them because of all of these factors. And this is what really starts to fester in the mind. have coaches and mentors that prevent them from actually growing their email list. I, when you joined here, I had you guys fill out what are you struggling with? What are you dealing with. And it actually kind of made my heart sink a little bit. Because there are so many amazing people that are on this call. But what I find so common is, the biggest thing that limits coaches and mentors is they're too concerned about what other people think. They're too concerned about doing things right. The right way. And I'm not talking about ethics, and integrity, and moral integrity, you get it, I want to always do right by my clients, I do always do right by my clients, we have historically, the lowest chargeback rate in the entire industry. I have zero chargebacks. There's one chargeback on my Stripe account. And it was the person asked for a refund and then issued a chargeback before we could respond within 24 hours. And they resolved it and all of that, but we have zero effective chargebacks in our entire business. When I make a guarantee I stand behind it. And by the way, very few people ever take us up on our guarantees. Because we provide the best value in the industry, to coaches and mentors. Now you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, that's, that's to be decided. That's what every coach says that's what every mentor says, Here's my goal with you is I want to I want to build trust with you. I want to demonstrate to you what it's like working with me, I want to show you the strategies that are going to get the most people on your email list that are going to effectively be ready to buy whatever it is that you're going to sell them. And there's a difference between that right, because we could run some different opt in campaigns right now like chat GPT, super trendy, I could run a lead gen campaign tomorrow for chat GPT. But you want to know what, only one to 5% of those people are even going to come close to my target client, they're not even going to come close to being the right people for me to engage with. And so what matters the most, is your ability to make a connection with your prospect. Now, here's what I want to here's what I want to address. Some of you might be like, Well, I'm just starting out, I don't know my niche, go grab the VIP upgrade. Okay, the recording to this training session is going to be taken down at the end of the day tomorrow. So you have 24 hours to watch this recording. If you go grab the VIP, you're going to have the recording to this session, you're going to go have the VIP q&a that we're doing on Saturday, at the end of this week. Plus, you're getting two bonus trainings. Okay, the finding your niche bundle, as well as the tech training that I pulled from my high level coaching program. Now what I'm going to tell you is this, I have nothing to sell you today, I'm not going to be making a pitch to you, I actually I should probably mark it that in the training itself that like this is a no pitch training, like I'm not pitching you on anything. The VIP upgrade is just so that I make sure that people show up, they value it, they go through the content. And we found that by offering that to people, more people actually consume the content. What I will do is I use this these events as a way to at least tell you about what I do and let you know what we got going on. And so I'm just gonna do that real quick here and then we're gonna go into the training. So I offer a group coaching program called the client growth accelerator. And this group coaching program is where mentors and coaches get the accountability, support, guidance and help from me as well as our community because our community is so strong with mentors and coaches helping each other grow in their business. And you can check that out over at my website Jeremiah krakowski.com. You can get on the waiting list for when we open the doors to this. They're not the doors are not going to be magically opened at the end of this training. I'm not opening the doors to this for a while. Okay, but I want to invite you to join the waiting list for this as well. We do have one on one coaching opportunities but the price ticket is way above what most what most people are willing to pay $30,000 to coach with me you can finance it or pay in full. We offer also in house financing. And what you get as you get a hold VIP day with me plus two follow up sessions. You get a free A year to the client growth accelerator plus lifetime access to all my courses, you get grandfathered in at this rate. And you get access to work with me on your messaging, your copywriting, your advertising your offer, building your email marketing, your business strategy, all of that as part of the one on one coaching. Okay. So now that we got that out of the way, how do you actually grow your email list? How do you get people on there? Most coaches think, well, if I just put out some great content on social media, then I will get people out there. I'm telling you this, you guys got to stop working for Zuckerberg for free. You guys are making him way too rich, trying to put content out there in hopes that that's going to get people to ask you about your coaching business. The algorithm is designed to work against coaches and mentors. We've tested this 10 years ago, completely different before 2019, before a global pandemic happened. Totally, the algorithm could get you a ton of clients. That all shifted and changed in 2019. By the way, my cat likes to jump in here sometimes. So if she jumps in here, I might pull her up on screen. So all of that change, the algorithms are now strategically designed to make it nearly impossible for you to grow a coaching or mentorship business organically, unless you're dancing around, taking your clothes off. Or any number of other ways that you can use to get engagement that has nothing to do with your business. But at that point, it's just it's, it's a grind that I'm not willing to do. It's a grind that I would not recommend to anybody. If you learn from me, I want to show you how to grow a coaching business. That makes you 20 to $40,000 per month working less than five to 10 hours a week, working less than five to 10 hours a week, I see a lot of you think that to make that kind of money is going to take a full time income. And in my business, I do work full time to build my business. But that's because we're on track to make a an eight figure business, we have staff that helps us with a number of different things and and so by design, there's more work involved. Even then, we've helped clients, I want to just show you one of my clients. Rick Pino, we helped him build his coaching business worship coach to over $1 million per month, working less than 10 hours a week, using the exact strategies that I'm going to show you here today, my mom is the queen of this, she actually taught me the value of not working more hours, and really prioritizing. Optimizing your time to leverage it to get the most amount of time out of it. I don't do discovery calls, I don't do sales calls. We made $600,000 in the last seven months in this coaching business, selling the client growth accelerator selling my one on one coaching without a single discovery call. Now, you might say Wait a sec, like where's the personal touch that? Where's the value that people get from that? Well, the value is this

[460:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: is because I respect my boundaries so much. The most value people get from working with me is by joining my coaching program. I don't give anybody access to me, outside of the coaching program and the VIP q&a Is that we do for events like this. And so again, if you're thinking about upgrading to the VIP, you can click the link. I implore you that if you have questions about growing your email list about building your coaching business, to jump into that with me, okay, I want to help you I want to coach you and I want to show you this Saturday. And I want to work with you through your unique issues, problems, questions that you have. Okay. The number one thing that determines how much money you're going to make in your coaching business is how much you believe in yourself. How much you believe that you can make how much you believe that your worth. And by the way, I made a post on my social media recently about one of the biggest mindset shifts for me that made me the most The amount of money was this was that my worth wasn't tied to the amount of money that I make. That my value was not connected to how much money I can bring in. In a coaching business. Your worth is not equal to your income earning ability, one of the biggest things that we need to do is we need to divorce comparison, we need to quit the comparison game, comparing ourselves to everybody else out there and what everybody else is doing. Okay? When I changed my belief, and I started to hold to my self worth is not a result of how much money I can make, you can go find it on my social media, my income started to increase. And this goes against every single thing that we're taught that we think that we should do. Can I just tell you this? The most powerful skill that you can develop a self compassion, believing in yourself, trusting yourself, loving yourself, hoping for the best that even when you fail miserably, according to some standard of miserable that when your failure is at a level, or even if you fail a little bit, how many of you, when you make a mistake, or you mess up, or you do something wrong, or things don't go how you want it to, you beat yourself up. And you get angry at yourself and you get upset. And it didn't go that way. I I'm from experience. That's how I lived my life for over 35 years. And the biggest shift that happened to me in the last year that has made us the kind of money that we've made in our business. Now I was just talking to my mom about this is a huge shift that she's made as well, is self compassion. Loving yourself enough to say, You know what, I'm going to speak to myself in a way that I would speak to a close friend, I'm not going to be super critical. I'm not going to be super condescending to myself. I'm not going to be trying to control everything and the outcome. Can I tell you this learning to let go of how things happen? Learning to put stuff out there and let go of it is one of the number one strategies of success in a coaching business. And why am I talking about this right now. Because here's the thing, when you build your your email list, when you go out there to grow your email list. When you follow the process that works, you're going to have to release it and let it go and trust that it's part of the process and be okay with whatever outcome happens instead of trying to control it so much. Now, I know that that goes against many of your paradigms. It goes against many of the paradigms of many of the people that I meet, that I help but can I tell you this? Why am I talking about this because this is gonna make you rich? This is gonna make you more money than anything else is when you learn to let go of trying to control and worrying about how things are going to happen. When you launch a campaign. When you promote a campaign, when you send an email out and you stop worrying about is this person going to accept me? Is this person going to like me? Are they going to buy my product? Are they going to click my email? Are they going to unsubscribe? When you learn to let go of even considering what somebody else might think? Or do as it relates to your actions when it comes to growing your email list. That's how you get rich by friends. And that's a process and it might take you some time to do that. And some of you might need to work through in your own personal development time. As coaches and mentors. I truly believe this. We need to commit to personal development. We need to commit to breaking up with the victim mindset and step into a victorious mindset. What is the victim mindset? The victim mindset is this

[555:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: the victim mindset is one that blames everybody else. The victim mindset has no boundaries. The victim mindset expects people to read their mind

[562:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: to read minds, and the victim mindset, lacks communication ability. It lacks the ability to communicate with other people. And this isn't to be critical or harsh of anybody. This was me a couple years ago, I was blaming, let me switch the screen here. I was blaming everybody in my life. I was blaming the situations around me, my, my, my wife, my clients, for why I couldn't build my business. I had this excuse, man, I could be a millionaire. If only I didn't have that client that I spend so much time working with. Man, I could be a millionaire. If only my wife and I got along better, I lacked the ability to communicate powerfully. I completely left boundaries, I let everybody else get unlimited access to me, because I was looking for approval from everybody. I didn't want to piss anybody off. I didn't want to, I don't want anybody to think that I didn't care. And so I essentially hoard myself out to everybody out there who wanted access to me. And you want to know what I got for that I did over 400 discovery calls. And 20% of them became clients, but man, they were nightmare clients. And all the people that I was working with that were clients, they were entitled, and ego driven. And they they were they were angry. I had some nasty people I had some people threatened me that were clients. Because why they had the same issues. victim mindset, they blamed me for why they weren't successful. They had no boundaries, they expected me to be on call all the time. They expected me to read their mind, they could not communicate what they needed. Now, was that me blaming these clients? No, what it was is I was attracting the wrong people. Because that's what I was operating out of I was putting out there into the marketplace, that this is my energy. And unfortunately, we were only making about 500 to $1,000 a month in my coaching business. Now you might say Wait a sec, Jeremiah that you said that you have built eight figure coaching businesses? Yes. We built with Rick Pino, his business to over eight figures I built with my mom, her business to over eight figures. But in my own personal coaching business, in my own individual coaching business, I was only making about 500 to $1,000 a month because I could not break out of the victim mindset. I had no discipline. I was self loathing, I had self hatred, I was worried about what everybody else thought about me. I was constantly trying to manage and maintain other people's emotions. I was constantly trying to please everybody. I was constantly trying to make everybody happy with me. And to this day, I have people come. I just had somebody comment yesterday. They're like Jeremiah, if you don't make people happy, you're hurting people. And I'm like, That's what I thought. I believe that if I didn't make everybody happy, then I must be harming them a lie. What a lie that I was allowing to permeate and infect every single activity that I'm doing. And what it was doing was it was preventing me from growing my email list. All of this was stopping me from growing my email list. You want to know what the shift was in me, was a simple practice. At the beginning of last year, I started doing visualization exercises, where I would visualize the future that I wanted, where I would visualize the life that I have today. I visualized it. In my mind, I would sit with it. I would sit and I would imagine it and I will see some of you are laughing right now because you're like, This is that law of attraction, crap that don't work. That's not what I'm talking about. See, I still had to go to work and do the work. But I was setting my energy up to see it before it happened. I could see me living the life that I am right now. We paid off all of our debt in the last year. We just had a new baby in January. I'm building a business that's growing and thriving. We just hired two new staff members that are helping build everything with us. And it started by me visualizing the life that I wanted to live. I want you to do that right now. Close your eyes and imagine What would happen if you had 1000 people on your email list and you were making $40,000 per month in your business? Now I get this, there's some of you that you can't do this at, you're stuck on this, you're getting agitated, you're getting impatient. You're like Jeremiah, can you just get to the the damn meat and potatoes of what you promised already? Can I can I give you a little bit of coaching on that? That energy of impatience will prevent you from making the kind of money you want to make in your business. That criticism of how I'm doing this event, that anger that you might be feeling that disappointment will prevent you from making the kind of money that you want to make in your business. Okay. And this is usually the point where I tell people listen, if you don't resonate with me, if you're not, if you're not liking what I'm throwing down here might be a good time for you to leave the training. Okay? I invested a lot of money to get you here. But if you if you're not feeling it, I don't want you to sit through the rest of it. Okay? It's important. See, because if I'm trying to talk to a group of people here, and I can see it, I can sense it, that I got a whole group of people feel like they're, they're mad at me. And they're wanting that and I got a whole group that wants to, I can't serve the group. That is that is disappointed in me, I'm gonna just focus on the ones that I know are really connecting with what I'm sharing. All right. And so this is this is your opportunity that I'm going to give you to leave. And please, I would just I would I would actually ask you go find my email, and unsubscribe from it. Unsubscribe from my email list, if you're not resonating or connecting with what I'm talking about. If you're feeling impatient, if you're feeling like, oh, this is just another one of those things. Okay. Now, why do I do that? Some of you might be wondering, maybe observing how I'm doing this. And you're still here, you're like, why did why did he do that? Here's what how do you make sure that you have ready to buy people on your email list, you encourage the ones that are not a good fit. Because I know, we've tested it with 1000s of people, I know that I know that I know that the people that that don't resonate with me in the first about 40 minutes of my Zoom sessions, they're not going to resonate with a single thing that I have to talk about from here on out. And so what I do is I try to get them out of my system as quick as possible. I try to get them to unsubscribe, to leave my space. I'm not on a mission to try to convince anybody to work with me. I'm not on a mission to try to persuade anybody to change their mind about me, okay. And so at this moment in time, now, for the rest of you, we can continue this journey. So what I want you to do is I want you to imagine and visualize yourself making $20,000 per month in your business, just take a deep breath

[698:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe you imagine yourself making $10,000 in your coaching business?

[702:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: How does that feel? What do you see? Can you see what your day to day life looks like? Can you experience it? For those of you who can't that it's really hard? That's okay. Here's what I would encourage you on. That what you are experiencing is an area that's blocking you from moving into that reality. Because whatever makes it difficult for you to actually visualize it and imagine it is a direct clue to the areas that we need to grow in and develop in, in our life and in our business. Okay. And the number one thing that coaches and mentors need to do is they need to promote offers out there. Okay. So for instance, this is an offer on a landing page on a website on my Squarespace website that I've put together, and people found this through a Facebook ad on Facebook, right here. Are, okay? Or Instagram ad, and they visited this page. And they put their name and email address in here. Okay, let's just let's just put our name and email address in there. And they watched this, maybe they upgraded to the VIP. Or if they didn't, they decided to add it to their calendar to join this event. And and now if you're watching this right now, you're here today, you actually made it here today. So you went through three or four stages you, you, you, you found it on an advertisement, that's stage one, okay. You clicked on the ad, that's stage two, you read the page that stage three, or maybe you found it on my email list, and then clicked on the email, and then found the page and read it. Then you scroll down and you put your name and email address in. It's actually five stages of decisions that somebody has to make. Found the ad or read the email, click the link in my email, if you're already on my list, or click the link in the ad. Read the page gave me your name and email address. Number five is you're actually here right now. You actually showed up, you're actually listening to me talking, you're actually physically spending time to learn this information. And what I tell all of my high level clients is this. Is that the number one thing? So a lot of people are focused on how do I make that 20 to 40k a month in sales? How do I get that cash flow? Right? Everything is sales. But I don't believe in the slimy, slick, used car salesman approach, the first stage of selling is just getting somebody to show up and consume your offer. Okay. And so what we do to grow your email list is you want to actually create an offer that people want on a landing page. And so you got to figure out what do people that will turn into a client in my business? What do they actually want? Okay. And so the way that we figure this out is actually let me pull this up right here. I have another way that I'm going to teach this to you right now. We use what's called the hero's journey approach on everything that we do. Everything hinges on the hero's journey, and I love this one from the Kindlepreneur site. I love his graphics, I usually I pull it up in my training a lot. The Hero's Journey, okay. What is the hero's journey? The Hero's Journey is a narrative structure. That movies, films, TV shows, video games they all follow. In business, you as a mentor, you as a coach are when you put an offer out there to grow your email list. You're inviting people on the hero's journey with you, okay. And so like I said, the five stages right here. The ordinary world, this is where somebody starts, they find your offer. This is where they meet you as a mentor. This is where they sign up on your email list. And then this is where they learn what it is that you're offering. Now, I might be skipping ahead just a little bit here. What we do and we recommend is this, there's a couple of approaches that you can take when growing your email list is you can do very quick, simple market research about your client base using chat GPT. And so the best way to actually grow your email list is by doing live zoom trainings just like this, where you have people meet you on Zoom, they sign up on Zoom, and you create an opportunity where they actually tell you what it is that they're struggling with. So I have I have a document here that It answers all of those questions. It's over 55 pages long. In fact, how did I get this information? This is actually information that we have collected. There's no names on it. But we've collected it from the over 2200 people that are on our email list today. And so what does this information tell us? This information tells us what our market actually wants to learn. Okay. So the feedback loop

[812:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: is the most valuable part of growing your coaching business. It's also the most ignored and overlooked part because most people don't see the value in it, they see the value and trying to do all everything else, but having a feedback loop. And generally, when people work with us, and they come into hiring us, is we show them how to utilize the feedback loop 99% of people that are watching this training right now, you're still probably going to ignore doing the feedback loop for for whatever reason, it it, it escapes people, they don't see the value in it, can I tell you this for my 20 years experience, and you can trust me in this. This is the most important data, this right here, this document right here is the most important data in my business. Because every single offer that I create is based off of what's on here. growing your email list, step by step. How did I know that creating an offer about growing your email list step by step was the right offer by asking my audience running virtual events and creating a mechanism where people can actually tell me what they want. Now in the beginning, you might say well, I don't have that feedback loop data. Okay. So this is why you have to actually create an offer that captures that data. Okay. And this is what we recommend people do is you as you create a free offer.

[842:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: A free offer where people sign up with their name and email address. You have a paid offer for your coaching business. Now the best free offer that you can run

[847:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: our zoom events, doing trainings here on Zoom or doing them, you can also do them as a Facebook live in a Facebook group. But you want people to register. To join you for a training that you're doing. Okay, the number one skill set that you need is the ability to communicate live in a zoom presentation. And that's what we help coach our clients through. We have courses on this, this is in our client growth accelerator. We help people through all stages of building this. If you upgrade to the VIP for this event, I gave you the high level tech training for the free from my client growth accelerator on funnel building. Where I'm gonna walk you through how do you actually build out your effective funnel? How do you actually build out the pages that connect to this? Okay, so just for $7, you get access to that you get access to my favorite chat GPT commands as well. So what you want to do is you want to put together an offer that connects with what people want, and you get them to join you. On a zoom call, this is the best way to grow your email list. Back in the day, we used to do pre recorded master classes and ebooks and freebies and case studies and all that now, live virtual events where you set a date and time right. Today, march 28 3pm, Eastern 2pm Central you showed up here as a virtual event we had hundreds of people register not 100 people showed up That's also normal. It's also part of the process. But hundreds of people registered, told us what they wanted to learn, told us what they were struggling with, and what they were dealing with. And that's what I'm giving you here right now. Now, some of you, I can tell this is going over your head, you're like, wait a sec, what email software should I use? What website platform should I use? Okay, so here's what we do. We keep it simple. Again, if you upgrade to the VIP that tech training is going to walk you through all of that process. It's one of the best, most concise trainings I've ever done. And it will walk you through the entire technical process of building your funnel. So what we use is we use Squarespace. Now, if you're on WordPress, or you're on Click Funnels, or you're on Wix, or any of that you can use any platform. Okay, here's the cool part, you can use any platform you want, and you can use any email software. However, we've had this happen in my coaching group, I used to not say this. The reason why I recommend this combo of software is because it's the easiest to set up and get up fast. I've had clients try to use other platforms and the like three, four months down the road, they still don't have their offer up. Whereas we have people that they use Squarespace, which connects to MailChimp to grow their email list, and you can sign up for a MailChimp account very quickly, very easily. Most of you can use the free account just to get started. The Essentials will work for most of you up until you have 1000s of people on your list. We just upgraded to the higher level right here after a whole year of growing our business and we're making trust me, we're making plenty of money to be able to afford that level now. Okay. So we use a combo Squarespace and MailChimp. And that's it. And then we send people links to join us on a zoom call, or you can stream it, you can actually stream from zoom into a Facebook group. So what I do is I combined the Facebook group with the Zoom call, and people join me on a landing page. And we run paid ads to an offer to join me for a free live zoom training. And that's how we grow our coaching business. That's how we get the most qualified people. Now here's, here's what people will say a lot. Well, my audience doesn't have time to sit on a training like that, or my audience wouldn't show up at that time. Well, I don't I don't have the energy to put this out there. Here's the thing those, I get it. And those are all reasons, those are valid reasons that I've come up with that I've thought about that people said that my clients say something magical happens when you do live zoom events like this. People who actually make the time to show up people who actually make the time to listen to you, they are 10 times more qualified than everybody else you might be like, Why missing out on all these people? Can I tell you this FOMO is the great financial killer. in everybody's life, fear of missing out the FOMO of you missing out on somebody signing up on your email list, because it's a live training or because it's at a specific time, and you're not going to run under you're going to do it another way that's less effective. And I'm all for the Evergreen funnel, but you better make sure that it's converting to sales. How do you get better at selling? How do you get better at what you're actually going to say? On the live zoom call? I'm going to show you how to do that. I'm going to talk about that here in a little bit. Okay. Here's the difference. I want you to imagine this, imagine that you had the confidence to be able to host a live event and that you would close 20 to 30 people that become a paid client for a $997 coaching program. And you might be saying, Whoa, wait a second $997 Yeah. I'll tell you this in our testing anything less than $300 You're gonna lose money on if you're trying to sell that as coaching. You don't have enough money to pay for ads. You don't have enough money to sustain your business and people won't even take you seriously. Yeah, yeah, but but I want to help all these people, but I want to help so many people by being the cheapest option. The cheapest option doesn't help anybody. I get that If you think that way in your head, I thought that way as well, that by being the cheapest option to people that I was helping more people, it's not true. That's the big lie that people think in the coaching business. I'm just going to undercut the whole market, I'm going to be the cheapest coach out there. And then I'm going to make money in my business, I'm going to impact people. No, that's the fastest road to burnout. And that's the fastest road to losing money. And that's the fastest road to not making a whole lot. And now you might be thinking, wow, that's, you're really projecting a lot of negativity on me, Jeremiah. No, this is validated, tested, proven, with 1000s of clients that I've worked with. And so we actually know what works. We actually know what's working right now. And so, if you, listen to me, follow what I'm showing you do it, apply it, you have the best chance possible of making six and seven figures, like my clients have, and you can see my clients here on this page. Like Sandy Krakowski, like Rick Pino, like Joshua Giles. Like Don, like Dr. Sean D. Like, Judy, like Bobby, and G. These are all people that we've coached. This one's great do gray hair, he joined in a month, and in one month, he just put 650 bucks into ADS brought in 15k, in sales. Nathan Fischer, he shocked me, I was like, Are you making any money? He's like, I'm, I'm making six figures off of what you taught us. Okay, and so if you do this, it works. So you might be saying, Well, you haven't, you might you haven't told me how to grow my email list. I have been, you run virtual events. And it's the most effective way to grow your email list with ready to buy coaching clients. So here's the thing, we're not trying to get people that are just fly by night, you want to find people that are committed to staying on and getting results. The biggest mistake that coaches trainers and mentors make is they're trying to be all things to all people. They're trying to, to help everybody. They're trying to be accepted by everybody. That's the biggest mistake that you can make in your coaching business is trying to be accepted by everybody that's out there. The way that we bring our ads cost down as we strategically repel

[1007:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: people that are not a good fit for our programs. So we make sure that they don't even sign up. The problem that I see that most coaches trainers and mentors do is they're trying to reach, they're trying to cast a wide net. A coach who tries to cast a wide net, I still can't spell with this. The coach who tries to catch a wide net is not going to make a lot of money. And somebody who might be like, Yeah, but wide net, lots of people lots of money. No, it's it doesn't actually work that way niching down to the people who are going to get the most results with you. The people that are gonna get the most results with you. Here's the thing. If you're unwilling to do virtual events on Zoom, and show up and follow the system, you're not going to get results following me, you're just not. And so my mission is to find as many people as possible that I can help grow their email list with virtual events to closed six and seven figure sales and their business. Okay. And so if you're still here, awesome. I think that you're in a great spot to be able to go through this process. So how do we effectively repel people? It's with the words that we say it's with our sales copy

[1033:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: right here, attention coaches, course creators, mentors and trainers. I'm already talking to who it's for. What they're gonna get out of it. I'm also talking to who it's not for. If you're a hypercritical perfectionist, if you're in direct sales, network marketing if you run an E commerce because I this this isn't for those people. This is for coaches, course, graders, mentors and trainers who want to make 20 to $40,000 per month. So I'm repelling the wrong people from minute one.

[1045:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Some people judge me for my weight in this photo, I am repelling, rude, judgmental people that are going to shut their brain off. Because I don't fit into the box that they want to put me in. It's literally by design, why do I wear a hat backwards in a Street Fighter shirt given a million dollar presentation, because I'm trying to every stage for me is repel, repel repel one another. Why? Because what happens is, see when you learn to repel the wrong people and attract the right ones, your ads cost comes down. Facebook charges you more when you attract the wrong people. So if I can repel anybody who's not going to get the most results with me, and I can attract the ones and I stop casting a wide net. And I focus on who can I get the most results with. If you're watching this right now, if you're resonating with what I'm talking about, I truly believe that I can help you get results in your coaching business. Because I've strategically scripted and designed this training today to make sure of that. I've strategically scripted and designed my landing page, the words that are on the page, the offer the words that I put on this page right here to repel the wrong people, and attract the ones that I can get the most results with. Okay. And so it's time for you to start running your own virtual zoom events. Here's the cool part. Back in the day used to be really hard to write sales copy like this. Writing sales copy like this was was very difficult, very time consuming. There's a tool that came out in December that changed the game for everybody essentially put copywriters and blog writers and social media content writers out of business made them irrelevant. Okay. And if that's you and your business, I would highly recommend that you learn more skills, learn how to use artificial intelligence, because you are going to become more irrelevant in the future if you don't growing your email list is about learning how to use chat GPT in a way, that you learn as much as possible about your prospect as much as possible about what they're going through to to attract the right people. And you're essentially a a interface for the artificial intelligence to find the clients for you. We've been using AI for years, did you know that the algorithm on Facebook is artificial intelligence and has been for 10 years. The algorithm on tick tock the algorithm on YouTube the algorithm on Instagram, it's all artificial intelligence, the AI decides who to show the ads to Okay. This is why when we strategically designed our offer to repel the wrong people, the AI shows it to the right people. And here's what's amazing is now Facebook has implemented a brand new version of the AI. What ends up happening is they charge you more money for speaking to the wrong group of people. They also charge you more money if you're making money off of the ad itself. So Facebook AI can tell how much money you can strategically possibly make in your business. This is why if you're trying to undercut the market with a $97 offer, you're not going to make enough money because Facebook expects you to be charging 1000 to $2,000 for your coaching minimum to be able to make money off of their ads, so they're gonna charge you appropriately just like they do all your competitors. Does it make sense to you why you might be losing money on your paid advertising? That's why Okay, so when but when you put a strategic offer together and we built this on Squarespace in an afternoon, we were able to build the the landing page and the and the graphic. The graphic was built with Canva. We use templates in canva.com to be able to build our our graphics and our images and all of that, okay. We use chat GPT to write our sales copy. We get these images from a site called a Um, photo dune.net You get $5 stock photos. And then we use MailChimp. Where people sign up with their name and email address, and we run zoom events to tell people about what we're doing. That's how we get people on our email list. And if you upgrade to that VIP, I walk you through the step by step of the tech side of that, okay? Can I tell you this, you don't need case studies to do this. By the way, that's a huge misconception is you need a bunch of case studies to be able to be successful, what you need to do is you need to learn how to write sales copy that actually speaks to who it is that you're wanting to work with. Now, I'm going to show you real quickly how we do this with chat CBT. to actually write that sales copy, I use chat GPT Plus, they just came out with GPT. Four. And this is this is the best algorithm right now that exists on the market for writing sales copy. I use a little plugin that lets me talk to it right here. And very simply, we could go like this write me a landing page. For an online coach who helps women that are dealing with hormone issues, balance their hormones, so that they can live a more vibrant life. This is a landing page to a live virtual zoom event that people can register for on April 10. And Chachi Beatty literally ends up creating sales copy that you can use. Now there's a process that we use, if you upgraded to the VIP, I give you my best chat GPT prompts. Okay. You can just access the best chat GPT prompts. I'm just gonna give that to everybody. Because why not? I did actually share it on my social media publicly. So I'll actually post the link in the Facebook group for you, so you can check them out. Okay, so these are some of my favorite chat GPT prompts that you can use to come up with sales copy to create outlines for video content. We have mindset prompts, map out your podcast episode, the AI will write your sales letter for you list out all the pain points, this is one of my favorite ones. So what I'll usually do is I'll have it write a basic sales letter right here. Okay? Are you tired of feeling exhausted, moody and overwhelmed by hormone issues, you deserve to live a vibrant life, of energy positivity and balance, it's time to take control over your hormones. So what you would do is if this is you, if this is your niche, if this is your market, you would go through and use chat GPT to come up with the words that are on your landing page. The words that are on this page, the words that actually connect with people, you what you end up doing is you end up telling the story of your target client back to them and it energetically resonates. It emotionally triggers the right person to join your email list. This offer right here triggers the right person to join my email list. We use chat CBT to come up with what do we say in our Facebook ads? What do we say on our on our emails that we send out all of the emails that we come up with, we use chat GPT to come up with their content. Let's paste this prompt right here. This is one that finds the pain points. Chronic fatigue and low energy levels, irregular or painful menstrual cycles, mood swings and emotional stability, difficulty losing weight or maintaining. So you could build an entire coaching offer if that's your niche around any of these pain points. Right here. What are objections that the client might have? I've tried other methods, nothing's worked. Okay. I don't have time to attend a virtual event.

[1190:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: It might be too expensive to implement the recommended lifestyle changes. So chat GPT ends up essentially reading the mind of your target customer and how does it know all this? It's it's kind of hard to explain how chat CBT works, but I'm going to use Google's new algorithm to kind of come up with it and explain it to you real quick. Explain very simply how Bard or chat GPT work and how they create content. So Bard is Google's version of chat GPT it's not as good, but I really like it to answer questions like this. It's actually better than chat GPT and answering stuff like this. So Bard and chat GPT are large language models. They're trained on a massive data set of text and code. So the idea is they are an algorithm that has scanned the whole internet, right? Google has scanned the whole internet. And what they do is they translate text and write different creative content and answer questions. They do. So by breaking it down into smaller units, and then predicting the next unit. They're trained on specific algorithms for creating creative content. For instance, right here, Chad TPT is better at creating creative content, poems and stories. Bart is better at answering questions in an affordable, informative way. How does chat GPT know what people want? When it writes marketing campaigns? This is great because I think Google is able to answer this even better than chat GBT will. And Google is connected to the web chat, GBT knows what people want rights campaigns by combining AI and human insights, they can analyze data and trends while humans provide the creativity and empathy that's essential. Okay. It's not enough to create a marketing campaign humans are essentially important. Here's the thing though, the new version of chat GPT, that's out is really good at reading and, and injecting emotion into the into the end of the copy. It's really good at knowing what the pain point of the client is way better than the older version of chat GPT. And so you can go through some of these prompts that are in here in the in the in the prompt, the prompt PDF, to help you put together your your offers for your virtual events. And then what you do is you promote those out there to people, whether it be on your social media, I do post it on my organic social media, whether it be on your email list, the reason why you want to grow an email list, this is the reason most people don't understand is it usually takes about three to four interactions with you before somebody decides to take the next step with you. I've had people go through three or four different virtual events with me. And then they joined my coaching program on the fourth or fifth one. Okay. I would like to get it to where they join after the first or second one. But that's just how people are, I can't control that. What I can do, though, is start to listen to my market, have the feedback loop going. And here's what's cool is once you generate the feedback loop, I'm able to copy the answers that people give me in the chat GPT. And have chat GPT. Write a sales letter for a virtual event happening on Zoom for someone who has the following struggles, just copying and pasting what people want. And it will write my sales copy for me. Are you struggling to build your email list? Do you feel overwhelmed, ready to start? You're not alone. Many entrepreneurs struggle with the same challenge. But the good news is we can help you overcome these. What to offer people the best way to start a lot of the emails that you've been getting from me, I have written them this way. Can you write an email in the tone of Sandy Krakowskie inviting people to join me for this live zoom call. Okay, here's an example. Are you ready to take your business to the next level, I'm hosting a live zoom call, we'll cover everything from building your email list to creating content. Now, GPT 3.5 isn't the best at this. This is why GPT four is much better at doing that, especially for writing email copy. Okay, so if I was putting this together, I might go to GPT 3.5. And actually write the email off of this or put this command at the top here

[1270:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was finishing out writing the email. This I believe that so GPT four has way more emotion, it uses emojis, it can write things in a much more human way. And so we're using GPT for to write a lot of our sales copy for our virtual events. Okay. because it connects with people. It connects better with what the prospect wants, it writes in a way that feels natural And so if you're like how I write engaging emails, we're using chat GPT to write those emails for us. In this prompt, PDF, and again, you'll find the link, I'll send it out in an email, I will send it to everybody. I also put it in the chat, and it'll be in the Facebook group, you can go through these prompts and use it to come up with language for your offers, for your landing pages, and for your emails. Okay, why am I giving all this to you right here, because I want to see you succeed at growing your email list, I want to see you start to create virtual events that get people that repel the wrong people, and attract the right ones, to bring your ads cost down so that you can make the kind of money that you know is possible in a coaching business. Now, I told you that this event that I'm not selling anything at this event, and I'm not, but I do want to invite you to something that I'm doing on April 10. And you'll find this over my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. On April 10, I'm hosting a five day move my my image right here, I'm hosting a five day virtual mastermind, we're going to spend five days together focused on how to grow your group coaching business. With zoom events. Again, I highly recommend you do group coaching, I highly recommend that you set up group coaching, it's way easier than one on one coaching. It's way simpler, you can make way more money doing group coaching. And I don't recommend that you waste time with one on one coaching. If you do one on one coaching price, it's so high that it's worth your time. Okay, so we're going to spend five days together. And yes, you can also buy the recordings to this, I'm actually offering you a very special deal on the recordings to this event. When you register the fourth Thursday, this week, March 30, you can get the VIP upgrade. Normally, it's 197 bucks, you can get it for $17. Okay, and that gives you the recordings that gives you multiple bonus trainings, that also gives you five days, we're doing five days of q&a with me. Let's take a look at this VIP right here. We're doing five days of q&a. You get five days of the coaching sessions, five days of live sessions with me teaching you about how to grow your group coaching business with live zoom events, you get the recordings to all of it. Plus, you get these bonuses, you get the launch your six figure group coaching offer training intensive. It's a three hour training that I just did a couple of weeks ago, all about how to launch your six figure group coaching offer, you get the offer Launchpad 2022 recordings. This is a live event that I did. That's eight hours long, where I worked with my high level coaching group building and creating their online offers and landing pages and marketing funnels for their virtual events. You get the sales ninja training bundle, on closing and persuasion. So this comes from my high level coaching program, I'm actually borrowing a few of the strategic lessons from my client growth accelerator in here for you to help raise you up to become better at the art of persuasion, sales, and how to actually when you get people on your virtual events, how you know that they're going to become a client. You get my training on chat TPT prompts for sales letters. So this is where I'm actually giving you I did a whole lesson again, for my high level coaching clients all about using these chat GPT prompts to put your sales letter together. It's an entire training where I break down how we're using chat GBT to create the best sales letters, the best emails, the best marketing, using these prompts. And you can watch me and how I do that. We're going to integrate a lot of that into the five day event as well. A lot of what we're going to go over on this event for five days together is all about how do you get people on your on your event? We're gonna go over that. We're gonna go over crafting your irresistible virtual event offer. So you might be like, okay, Jeremiah, I get this. Can you walk me through the process of actually creating it? We're gonna do that from day one in this five day event. And then how do you actually position it for the most profit? How do you inspire people to choose your event? How do you inspire them to make the time to actually show up? And then how can you automate it? How can you put the whole Hang on autopilot to where you don't even need to show up, you can put it on evergreen and autopilot and have that run. And then you can start to harvest the financial fruits of your highly profitable, irresistible virtual event. So what we're going to do is we're essentially going to build your entire marketing funnel together. During these five days, we're going to build your landing page together, we're going to build your, your sales pitch, we're going to build out your follow up, we're going to build out your offer, we're going to connect all the dots for you, maybe you got some questions, you're like, Okay, I don't know how to do this, I don't know how to do that. We're gonna connect the dots for you, during this five day event, and you get five days of coaching with me, like I said, my coaching program, and the doors are closed, you can join the waiting list for the client growth accelerator. Right now, we're not opening them anytime soon, if you write me, I'm not gonna send you a link to join either, you're gonna have to wait. I'm, I'm literally willing, I'm willing to lose clients for this, to stand by my integrity and to stand by the fact that I know that having this boundary is an important part of our business, it is. And this is the best opportunity that you have to work with me to help you put together your strategic zoom event offer. So that you can start to get the kind of clients that you want to make, so that you know exactly what to say in the event so that you stand out. This is how you make yourself an authority in your niche. This is how you make sure that you actually stand out, when everybody else is struggling and wondering what's going to happen, people are losing their jobs, people are losing their jobs to chat GPT in their marketing, this is going to make you stand out with your coaching more than anybody else that you're going to attract your dream client and transform your business this year. Okay. And so it's completely free, by the way, it cost nothing. I even mentioned that at the beginning of the year, because the value is so huge. What I decided to do is I decided to we have taken my client growth accelerator and made it so efficient at creating clients creating clients creating results for people to where they are having they have more clients than they ever imagined. And then we're helping them set up a system. So they can manage all of those clients and scale things to seven figures. So what I want to do is I want to get you to the place where you're actually ready to start to get results with us. So for five days, this is absolutely free. I'm pulling this out of what we've only been working with my client growth accelerator to do. And I'm going to walk you through the entire process of creating virtual events, running zoom events, how do you do your marketing, how you do your ads? How do you put all of these pieces together to get people to show up with you to get people to listen to you and to get people to make the decision to become a client of yours in your coaching business again, this is for coaches, trainers and mentors who want to make $20,000 per month with group coaching. By running virtual events, no discovery calls, no posting all day on social media. Using beginner friendly tech, right, Squarespace, MailChimp, zoom, will will walk you through some of that as well. We're going to walk you through all of that in here, we're going to be able to answer your questions. If you upgrade to the VIP, you're going to get those five days with me to get your questions answered. Now those that are in the VIP for this event, we get to meet up on Saturday, right? We're gonna meet up on Saturday, and I'm going to be able to help you and I'm going to be able to answer your questions about what I went over today. And I'm going to be able to guide you through some stuff, we'll be able to even work on some of your sales copy together, we'll be able to put some of it together and generate some of your landing pages. Okay.

[1429:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, again, go upgrade to the VIP for this event that we're doing right now, you can still find it if you go to my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com. And, and you register and you sign up, or you can go find the link in your email

[1435:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll find the link in your email. And so you'll get the recording to this session. You're gonna get the VIP training with me on Saturday, where we're gonna meet up and you're gonna get these bonus trainings right here. So if you're not ready yet, for the five day deal, consider jumping into this Do you have a combo or a bundle where I can combine the two? No, I don't buy this one for seven bucks. If you want to, if you want to get the most out of working with me, sign up for this one and the VIP on this one when you when you register before finding the fix that button when you register before.

[1447:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thursday, March 30. It's only $17. It's $24 out of pocket, that gives you six days of coaching with me, that gives you all those bonus trainings, that gives you all of those lessons on how to build and create and craft and put together your coaching business. So the question I got to ask you that is this, if you're still watching this right now? What's what's stopping you? What's keeping you stuck? What has you stuck in your business? Why would you not learn about it, maybe you're thinking I'm not confident enough to do a zoom event? Great. We're gonna work on that together. During the five day event, we're going to work on that together in the five days of the backstage q&a coaching that you get with me. We'll work on that on Saturday together, okay. You might say, Well, I just I don't have enough money to run run ads, it costs about 150 to $300 per month to run ads, the system that we use uses ads, you use the ads to get people in front of you. And then eventually, as you grow your email list, you're able to email people and it becomes this snowball effect where a lot of your leads, and sales are just coming off your email list and becoming clients. That's where we've hit. We have more clients coming in every single month than we ever imagined. And we're not even spending as much on our ads as then when we started. We're doing simple, simple funnels that help take people from we find, okay, what's the problem they want to solve? Like growing their email list? And then how do we show them the best most strategic way to do that? running virtual events is the best way to grow your group coaching business. And so during these five days, here's my commitment to you. I'm gonna give you the best training out there. The stuff that's going to produce results I'm going to give you and walk you through step by step the very best that I have to offer. To help you get results. Why do I want to why do I give this away for free. Because I believe that if I if if I can help 1000 coaches have impact with their message that I'm going to be able to make the world a better place because they're going to make the world a better place. If I can help 1000 of you. Through doing this, start to reach the level of Rick Pino or Joshua Giles or sandy Krakowski, or Emma Dixon or Judy or Dr. Shaun deep with your coaching with your training with your mentorship. Then I fulfilled my purpose. And I truly believe that my purpose right now is to help on planet Earth is to help coaches, trainers, and mentors get as many clients as possible and to make as much money as possible in their business and to have as much impact as possible in their business. I truly believe that right now 2023, march 28 a calling to help people do this. I've been in this industry for 20 years. I've seen what works. I know what works. I know what's working right now. And I know what produces results. And I can't wait to help you if you'll let me get results in your coaching business. So go check out the link you'll get it sent to you in your email as well. There's a link on this page to be able to start to grow your coaching business with Zoom events. This strategy is the number one strategy that all of my clients are using. All of my paid clients are using to scale their businesses and to make six seven and even eight figures. My mom she just ran a virtual event. Rick Pino he still uses the event that we put together the same copy this is the same copy from chat GPT Look at this. Get your worship music heard five day challenge $17 You don't and so this is copy that chat. GPT wrote that we worked together. Let's meet him over a million dollars a month in his coaching business. What are you waiting for? I mean that I mean that politely Here's the page, get your worship music heard. We helped him put this together, craft this copy, write this with chat GPT it's a live event, five day challenge to get people on his email list and becoming a paid client and these are all clients that we generated through this entire process

[1528:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Register Now jump in, I can't wait to see you on the five day intensive and for those of you that have upgraded to the VIP, I'm excited to spend Saturday with you to spend some time with you to go over that together. For everybody else. I'll see on the interwebs I'll see you on my podcast we got over 200 podcast episodes by the way, for those who maybe you didn't know that, the Jeremiah over a Jeremiah Krakowski podcast. If you if you Google it, you'll find it. I got new podcast episodes every single week where I've weighed where I work with you through all the aspects of growing your coaching business for free. So you can plug in with me, you can go you can go over to YouTube

[1542:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll find me right here on YouTube. All my videos. I do live videos on different topics about what coaches need to do to grow their coaching business almost daily. Now you don't have to make daily videos to grow your coaching business don't think that you have to do that. We've reached a level now where where you systematize the whole thing. I'm gonna show you the simplest way to grow your coaching business and to make the kind of money that you want to work make only working five to 10 hours a week, only working five to 10 hours to put all these pieces together. Register now for the five day virtual mastermind April 10 through the 14th is totally free. An upgrade to the VIP, I implore you to upgrade to the VIP before the price goes up on Thursday, March 30. It's just $17 for the value that you get. You owe it to yourself to do so. Everybody else? Have a good one. We'll talk soon I'll see the VIPs on Saturday. Let everybody know

