LIVE TRAINING + Q&A
Date: 2023-01-02T18:57:43.000Z
Duration: 72 min
Otter ID: m9dy-7DWHNz06Yuv7Eq2L_jDJ1o
---

[16:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: What happened oh, now, there we go. Hey, I've just been like laying down fire spitting bars Oh, I got something stirring me this morning is when I was Sharon, something powerful. Let's do live training and q&a. We're gonna go into the Facebook group here. Yeah, happy new year everybody join us live here. And then we're only going to do this to the client growth accelerator group. And then we're going to go into the streaming window. This is connected with zoom to the Facebook group. So I'm just trying to stream it into the Facebook group.

[38:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then we will get going. Thanks for being here, everybody. Thanks for coming. Thanks for being on time.

[41:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Go Live, okay. Should be going live now in the group so people can can see that as well. You'll just have to acknowledge that that we're going live in the group. And then that should be good. Right there. I think. Let's see. Is that good? Yeah, we're good. We're live in the group. Awesome. Awesome. Well, welcome everybody today. Happy new year. I'm excited. I got something stirred in me. Not just because I'm gonna be a new dad. That is because we're watching my wife. She's resting and going between lots of energy and then like she can't get up and then lots of energy and then she can't get up. How many of you can relate to that? That are moms, right? So she's in that where she was like tons like contractions. And yesterday, she's like, I'm fine. Like I want to. She's now she's out at the grocery store. Now. Right now. She's over at HEB. For those that have been to Texas, you know about HEB. If you don't know about HEB, you gotta get in the know and come to Texas, come visit Austin, Texas. I think it'd be great to do a get together sometime in the next year in Austin with everybody would be so good to get everybody get together. So here's what I've been stirred up about this week is and this applies to everybody. By the way, this was this was like the end of some other training I did. So we're talking about today. I was actually talking about how that's the belief system that we actually have to get rid of is that if we control things can manage them better, then we'll get what we want. It's actually the opposite of how it works. works better when you let go. You surrender and you're not trying to make or force things to happen. You still do the work, you got to do the work, but you're like, oh, that didn't go how I wanted. Okay, great. That's good. What can I learn from that and you actually get excited by the progress versus excited by the outcome. Well, that makes sense. Like I'm excited by the progress, but this past month has been very difficult for me to add the family here in the house. They're still here. Um I've had to bring on some new people to help around the house. So we've been able to thanks to this community be able to hire people. Her my wife and I, so thank you for being a part of that. Because because I want to be a good a good daddy, to my boy, my baby boy and and he can't see his dad working 24 hours a day. So but I also want to grow this business. And so to grow a business, right? We're so far we brought in just a little over $500,000 in the last five months in our business. And so it's incredible to be a part of this community to have everybody here and so yeah, obviously, like we're we're now bringing in some people hiring for different roles and stuff to help with what I'm really excited for, is finally have a full time CPA and bookkeeper. So that's good. It's the same, same one that helps my mom, which is cool. So he's noticed the whole game basically. He's been helping her for a while. Matt, Matt Meyers, which is awesome. All right. So this year, well, we got to not lose sight of and this is. If you're just starting out, this is important. But this is actually more important for the person who has success. But the trick is, here's the thing, when I talked about this topic, your brain will actually trick you into thinking that you don't need to hear about this if you've been successful. Okay? So I just want to like encourage you to not let your brain trick you into tuning out this message, just because you've had success before. This is this is a requirement to even get started. For those that have success, you're gonna hear what I'm talking about. And you're gonna be like, yes, that was a requirement for me to actually get the ball rolling. So like if you're stuck, if you're stagnant, this is what you need. Those that have had success, know that this is what got them to where they are. It's two things. vision for where you're going. And belief in the vision, vision for where you're headed, and belief in the vision that that vision can actually come across. I have a great testimony this week. Marianne do Miranda Miranda Williams. Sorry. I love your name. I just butcher it all the time. Forgive me. It was amazing. We Miranda Miranda. Awesome. So we were talking this week. She's She's one of my one on one coaching clients and I'm, I'm building out her her copy audit, and the sales copy for her. And I shared with you the draft and you told me it kind of gave you more of a vision of where you're headed. That where you could see like this is the real Marinda but you've been hiding it for so long. Okay, so I share that to inspire all of you. One of the best ways that you can actually get your vision is by writing your offer copy by writing your sales copy. That that's why I often say once you find your niche writing the copy is actually the most important part. I couldn't articulate why that was until this morning. It's because it makes it tangible. It makes your offer tangible when you have words written as the copy and so we always start every coaching program, every training every module with offer copy to describe to make it tangible and real. And so that's why you want to pick your niche and then work on that copy but don't take too long with it. You know I would recommend it for some of you. You're gonna write all of your copy in less than an hour and you're gonna get to a place where you're gonna be able to write all your copy in less than an hour. How do I know that because that's where my that's where my mom and I are at that's where my client Rick Pino is at and Joshua Giles and so I've actually seen people that are where you guys are get to where they write, like their entire offer copy in less than an hour. You Now imagine if you could have your like, entire copy written in less than an hour. Now you create your funnel, right? The offer copy is what creates the vision? Are any of you tracking with what I'm talking about? Okay, okay, cool. Then you have to believe in the vision, one of the biggest things about the belief is I want you to write your offer, copy, boldly. Initially, when you do it, nobody's gonna see it. I want you to imagine the most grandiose vision of an offer that you can imagine a delusional idea for an offer, but that that aligns with your target customer as like a dream offer of how you would want to help people. Okay, that becomes your vision, right here. Now that might take you three to five to 10 years to get there. We are about 75% of the way towards the vision that I had four years ago when I started this business. So my vision took me five years to create that and so dream for the five year vision. And then what we do is, we start to believe that the five year vision can happen now this part is actually going to be the hardest part. Initially, you might think, Oh, I believe it. But then when push comes to shove, you start questioning, you start questioning, Brett already jumped ahead with me. The best way to to believe in the vision is to become the vision yourself. So you actually then embody the vision. My business shit has shifted our offer copy has shifted in the last six months from I've helped other people build multimillion dollar businesses to my business is doing over 100k a month. That's a completely different authority. But I was able to walk into that with what my reality was, as you know, I had never built a business that was making over 100,000 a month. I had never done that before.

[197:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, but I had helped other people. And when I say hadn't built it, I had built them from inside the business. But I didn't like start it. This is the first business that I've started that my name is on it. I'm 100% owner, the ones I built before had Rick pinos name on it and my mom's name. And so my copy has shifted in confidence in that. But I had a vision four years ago for that to be my offer Copic this ultimate vision where you actually you actually write it as if it's a reality, even though it's not. And that's and you know, you're not going to put this out there as an offer. Because that could come across as fraudulent. But I want you to even start to dream for the future of what kinds of dream offers you would make that go outside of your present reality that might be a goal for you in the next 12 to 24 months. Okay, so that would be really, really cool is for you to start to build an offer. That's a dream offer for you. Then you work backwards and you say okay, well now what is tangible today? Because what a vision is a vision is a compass. A vision guides your direction, you can know that you're headed in the right direction if I'm leaving in and out in Chandler, Arizona, and I'm headed to Scottsdale but I don't have a compass to tell me that I have to head north. On the on the What's that the 202 to get up there, right. And I don't know that I have to head north on the 202 in, in in Arizona to get to Scottsdale from Chandler. I'm going to head in the wrong direction. Is this is this is this making sense to everybody? Okay, so that's why the vision you might be like, well, that's a waste of time, I'm never gonna be able to do that well. Okay. You need to now address your belief and say how can I embody this vision? How can I embody this vision to it becoming my reality? So that's why I say this, that you actually don't have to be an expert when you start, but I would strongly urge you to become an expert through the process and what you're doing. My mom was a great example of this. She was not really an expert in stocks when she started her stocks group. She had John there that was helping build it but now she has become an expert in stock By doing it and by being real and honest and authentic about her level of, of knowledge and experience, because she believes in the vision that she had, which now she's talking about getting into private equity where people can invest with her, and start to invest in the companies. And so that's now where my mom's vision is. But that vision started with her, just selling some kitchenware to break even to pay for her kitchenware. Back in the back in the 90s 2000s, the kitchenware store, where my mom got her start online and, and then that progressed into network marketing. And then that progressed into teaching people about WordPress. And now, that's turned into the business that she has today where she teaches stocks. And that's where I came from with her when I was working with her in that business. Now, I always had a vision when I was working for my mom for this business that her and I were going to build together, just the two of us. It was like the two of us together, we were inseparable. We're never going to like I'm never going to leave you mom, and then bam, she says, I think it's best to go off on your own. I'm like, No, I'm devastated. You know. And then she was like, Oh, by the way, you have a non compete. So you have to wait a year to start to build your own business. And so I was devastated in that. But it's turned into the greatest thing now, with this business right here. So my vision is the compass of where I was headed. But that might start with where I made a website, building class, and then a Facebook ads class. And then that's turned into a one on one coaching and now group coaching. And now we have all these courses and classes in the members area, right? We're consulting clients and helping people to succeed in their business every single week, if you haven't checked out in the members area, yet, we got brand new classes that are in there. These are two classes that I just started. This is stuff I've never taught before. They have a little bit of crossover with each other. But they're kind of about the same sort of topic of speaking the words you say, but in the essence of how do you sell with those words? And then how do you communicate when teaching and kind of the juxtaposition, the dichotomy of those two, it's sort of a package as I would recommend going through each of these, we're going to be teaching them in tandem one two each week, for the next couple of weeks. And these will help you to gain more confidence in how you sell how you communicate and how you coach people. These are in your members area over a members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And so you can access that by going there, or if you're lost, you can go here and go to login at the top of Jeremiah krakowski.com. Or just send a message to our customer service, and we'll help you out. So what you need to have though, is a vision for where you're headed. Using tools like chat, GPT, and Jasper. They become vision, unlocking tools, to where you type in like a little bit of like, Okay, what I'm thinking and then it, it creates more of that it opens it up more, you can start to dive deeper into a specific topic. By using these tools and chat GPT has really become more one of my favorite ways to do this just simply because of how unique the interface is. And how you act just like asking questions like you're talking to a person. So for instance, if people are struggling to have a vision for their future in their business, and they struggled to believe they can make it what advice would you give them you could put 4000 characters into the request. It'll process through all of that and give you like contextual information. It can be difficult to have a vision for the future and believe that you're able to achieve it, especially context of business. Start small, achievable goals. Seek out the support of others. Surround yourself with people who believe in you. Take time to reflect on your strengths. Consider working with a mentor or coach. Don't be afraid to pivot or adjust your vision as needed. And so like you can use these AI tools to dive into getting to know your customer. Right a hero's journey outlined based on the above? Actually, no, let's do this. Write a sales letter based on based on this I don't even need to put above. Are you struggling to have a clear vision for your business? Do you find it difficult to believe that you can make it a success? If so, we have good news for you. We specialize in helping business owners turn their visions into a reality our team has set or have experienced coaches can help clarify your vision. So for instance, what I see here is this is way too generic, this type of copy. And so what you want to do is you want to get specific so like what type of business owners would this be this could be be specific about coaches and course creators. Only. And it's the sales letter with this. All right, are you a coach, of course, you're struggling to have a clear vision for your business. You find it difficult to believe that you can make it a success. We specialize in helping course creators and coaches like you turn their vision into a reality with our team of coaches and content creation experts will walk you through how to clarify your vision set goals and provide the support and guidance that you need. So right there came from just asking a simple question in chat GPT. Okay. So what that can do for you is that can help you get a vision for your future. Oh, here's the other one that I like to do. Right, a hero's journey outline based on the on this. The coach of course creators struggling to have a clear vision for their business. Imagine this like a like an adventure story, they lack self confidence. They receive an offer of help with a team of coaches, they might be hesitant to reach out very, they're not capable of achieving their vision. They decide to take a leap and contact the team. They commit to working with the team and clarifying their goals, the protagonist encounters challenges and setbacks. But the relationships with their mentors and allies are here to succeed this this group is your allies right here. Everybody who's in here, see it as that as that we're like a community. This becomes your story right here. This becomes the story of this group right now. And this conversation

[358:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: is to help raise each other up and accomplish great things. Write a sales letter based on this journey to sell a free training webinar on Saturday, January 21st. Should be after the baby's born right. Are you a coach of course Raiders struggling to have a clear vision. We're hosting a free webinar on January 21 help you turn your vision into a reality. Our team of experienced coaches will guide you through the hero's journey. Yeah, I don't know about that. But it's gives you some ideas for like how to describe your offer. And so if each of you started doing this and typing this in here, don't get stuck. Trying to figure out which email provider to use or which domain name company to use or which platform company to use. Start to get a vision for where you're going. Okay? There is no pricing model in place. This is just a free account. So it's completely free, you can use this chat GPT. That's what I'm saying. And so then you get to Okay, now let's build the thing. Let's build the funnel. And you work the six steps. The six steps are going to make sure that you're that you're pointed in the right direction. Right, are we going the right way? Because you could do the six steps in the wrong direction

[385:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: this vision is what's going to point you in the right direction for the six steps. So the offer copy and you're just unreal. You're just playing around with the offer copy like see it as a sandbox see it as like this video game where like you can die 100 times with your offer. And you still live again, right? Like sometimes I think we overanalyze like, should I have my show my copy the perfect, but when you just sort of play around with it like it's a game like it's as fun fluid thing, like you're kind of like tossing the ball around the yard sort of. You're tossing the ball around with AI that's sort of how I imagined it. As I'm tossing the ball around with AI. I'm just sitting there going back and forth with AI for for 30 minutes, and then it ends up saying like a specific thing. Like, like this watch. I have an idea What if these coaches are really hesitant to use technology? And are afraid of using new technology? How can you encourage them to join this webinar? Consider addressing their concerns with reassurance and your sales letter, emphasize the benefits of joining highlighting how participating in the webinar can help achieve their goals, assure them that it's easy to use that you can mention that in your webinar. The AI is saying it's easy to use. So just listen to the AI. It's that easy. But this is how I write sales letters is I'm just playing around with the AI. This is how I wrote that copy for you Miranda is just by playing around with it. And so then let's type this and can you rewrite the sales letter with this in mind? You're able to draw on it. What?

[419:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you a coach your course creators struggling with a vision for the future. We understand that technology can be intimidating, especially for those that are new to it. Okay, so that will do. let's reframe this sales letter. It's really good. Well, that's how do I I love your drawings. Vanessa. Let me try to remove it. Oh, you're yellow. We try to reshare that no, that's great. It's awesome. Um, but let's make this a webinar about using artificial intelligence to write your sales copy for coaches, and course creators clips that I kicked Vanessa out oops. Here's a revised version. Are you a coach of course when you're looking for a way to streamline your sales? Do you find it hard to write compelling sales copy that converts in this free webinar we're gonna teach you how to use artificial intelligence to write powerful sales copy for your coaching and course creation business. We understand that AI can be intimidating especially for those that are new to it. That's why we've made sure that our webinars are easy and accessible even if you have no prior experience Don't miss this opportunity to learn how AI can revolutionize your sales process and help you achieve your business goals boom. So this is by the way this is gonna literally become an offer that I'm going to run on January 21 right here and then I'm gonna and then I'm going to lead them to a five day build and grow your six figure coaching program is what we're calling it build and grow your six figure coaching program my past offer I did was create launch your Did you guys see the screen or was it black? Anyways, create my my original one that I had done in November was an and October was creating launch your six figure coaching business. I realized the word business is redundant. If they're wanting to make a six figure six figures coaching, it's they're there, they're a business owner. Because most people who would click that offer wouldn't be working for somebody else. So I realized they actually want a program I don't want to focus I don't really want to focus a lot on one on one coaching. Because one on one coaching is just a huge waste of time overall if you're not charging at least $10,000 for it and so you need to charge at least 10,000 for your one on one coaching that way then everything else looks like dirt cheap compared to it when you're charging 1000 bucks for a group coaching or something like that is you're able to anchor it with that 10 to $15,000 one on one and there will be people who will pay it they will they will pay it because they want to work with you. But build out that vision using the AI and keep your focus on where are you headed this year. Don't get destroyed distracted by technology tools or platforms or are trying to make make the perfect course a start with writing that offer copy using chat GPT what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna take this in the Jasper and by taking this into Jasper, I'm gonna run it through my My recipe that I have. So Jasper still does much better copy much better sales copy

[484:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: my take that put that there, what keeps them up at night, the pressure to succeed can feel difficult, they worry about not creating sales that will convert. So I'm pressing CTRL, enter on each one of these commands and boss mode is typing this out. staying up to date with the latest trends, keeping track of the ever changing landscape, monitoring new tools. So these are words that I'll pull into my sales letter. And I just came up with this on the fly. By the way, I had no idea this morning that I was going to actually be writing a sales letter about using AI to get more clients for coaches. But I'm showing you how quick and easy it is, it's been 30 minutes now and we have a ton of our copy now developed out and I'll come back to it later. And I'll and I'll finish it up. And that's the process of playing around with the AI in that way to actually build out your offer. Because then what you're gonna do is, as you teach what you wrote there, what it wrote there you teach, if you're like, Okay, I don't know how to teach that you just remove it from the list, or you learn how to do it. You know, if you're, if you're like, Well, I don't know how to teach people to feel confident, because I'm not very confident myself. You know, you could take that language out of it even. Okay, let me see here in the chat. So one on one coaching, when you're starting Yeah, that's a good way to do that. But you're gonna make more money by still having your one on one coaching. don't charge any less than $400 an hour for your one on one coaching. And I would sell it as a as like a package deal of you know, maybe six or eight hours multiplied by 400. If you're just starting out. So your package deal is still going to cost a few $1,000, then your $500 course looks really attractive to people that want to work with you. But they're not there to pay three to five grand, right? You want your coaching to be 10,000. Here's the thing, anytime that I'm saying that those are goals for you as well. Those are goals for you to get to if your level of confidence today is like well, I don't know if I could charge 10,000 Do you think you could charge five? Well, no, doesn't you charge 2500. And so if it's now if you don't think you can charge $2,500 for six to eight hours of one on one coaching, that's really a place to start with your level of belief. Because I think every single person here can charge $400 an hour for what they do. At least 200 an hour, don't be charged in any less than that. When I started out, I was charging 200 an hour, I will say that most of those people who paid that have never been good quality clients. When I started charging 350 400 an hour, I got really good clients at that level. And so the people who are only wanting to invest 200 An hour might not be the best ones for you. Plus, it's really hard to make a profit margin charging 200 an hour for one on one coaching. So maybe 300 An hour 400 Something like that is a really good range for you for one on one. If you still lack the confidence because then anchor whatever your courses around that pricing, maybe $300 for your six week course $500 for your six week course, with the goal of you getting to $1,000 course. That's not to say you can't come out the gate with $1,000 course, by the way. so hear me out when I say that because it's like, I've heard people say no, you need to only charge high ticket or no, you should only charged low tech. And I'm like, you can do both. But I want you to constantly be raising your prices. You want to constantly have the goal to raise your prices every six months. If you have a raise your prices in six months, that's gonna be the best thing you could do raise them by 50%. Especially with inflation going on and just the world costs more if you haven't raised your prices in a year you need to at least double them. And that'll help you Okay. And so then that helps you put together the vision that you have for the future. Then this one on one coaching that you do in the beginning can help finance your software tools and all of that by you offering that but your goal is to work yourself out until you charge so high for one on one coaching that very few people take it. And then everybody else actually jumps into your group coaching program, your group training your hybrid program. Okay. And I think that that's really important because you don't want to get into just trading more dollars for hours because because you have a salary cap on that. You have a limit to like, how many people you can work with one on one and I'll tell you this one on one is a lot more draining than group coaching. You think talking to a whole group of people is more draining than one on one it's not. It actually doesn't drain you at all to do this. For me. I get drained when I do one on one, I don't when I do group coaching. This actually lights me up, it's actually makes me excited doing this. When I do one on one, I still get excited, but I need to like I need like to take a few hours off afterwards usually because it becomes more draining because you're really connecting on a deeper level. Now because of that, because I connect on a deeper level with one on one I also give very specific attention to somebody's individual needs. You know, I had a great one on one call with Lila. Lila is it Lila? Lila? Lila? Zeroes?

[580:57] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's, it looks like Lila but sounds like Leila.

[582:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: We had a great conversation. And one of the biggest things I told you was you gotta be unfiltered. Yep. What were your thoughts on that? What are your takeaways from that conference?

[584:33] Speaker 1: I think it's changed my life. Honestly, it's so ridiculous. Every time you open your mouth, you're changing my life. I think there's a there's a few things I took from that. I'm actually going to use both the podcast interview we did. And the one on one. for that. It's all incorporating into my talk and offer actually, and you made me realize like a lot of because my brand is called mentor genius. And I didn't realize that for all of my career, I've actually been helping people just align to their genius when they don't even feel they have one. And then And then by helping them acknowledge, yeah, you know, I'm the person they say, you know, I don't I can't really tell anyone this, but I really think I have, you know, this power or this talent. And my actual dream is this. And it's an it's something that's big, and they can't tell anyone because they feel ashamed and embarrassed, they're going to be called conceited, or they're going to be called narcissistic or whatever. But meanwhile, they're this huge talent, right, which I've spotted and opened the door for a coach supported. And, yeah, and by them acknowledging it, then they can lean into working it, you know, and honing it and developing it and being and showing up for it. Because it's hard to show up to something you don't even acknowledge you have. And I didn't even realize that's kind of my superpower, is holding that space for the person to actually be honest about their biggest dream. acknowledge their biggest talent, work towards it, and then and then I, I cheer and support, encourage and strategize how they're going to do that. And before working with you, I could not have articulated that at all.

[611:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. That's it. You got it. I love that that's so good. And so So with that, like I just want to tell each one of you it starts by you having a vision and it starts by working on the offer copy How was it when I sent you that copy from the audit that I did.

[617:50] Speaker 1: That's also insane and off the hook I for someone that is actually a storyteller has actually created television shows I couldn't write an offer to save my life. Like if I was trapped in a paper bag and like couldn't fight my way out like I could not write an offer to save my life I don't know what the block was but I just couldn't do it. And I think what I think you you what you do is you make the hard stuff look easy, right like you make it you make it look like just flow with it you know just be you know you don't you don't have to stress over it you don't have to like you know be be like tied up into knots over it and but you know but I will say that like just seeing the words just seeing how you did it just seeing how you and also what I love is you gave me raw ideas and more polished like you gave me the two the two options to blend together. But I think it's all gonna blend with our with our podcasts interview which I absolutely adore and the and the coaching as well. And then you know I have my top I have a talk like a debut mentor genius will debut I'm calling it the mentor genius success for it because I get 20 minutes plus 10 minutes for questions. So I'm gonna take when I get questions or follow up from that I'm gonna incorporate all of that for a killer offer that I'm going to then release right after. And I feel as though like I just don't think I'd have the courage to do this without, without two things without your coaching, but also without your example. Because I've said, I like, it's really key like you don't just coach you, you lead by example. You know, you're walking talks helped me enormously. You're, you know, your presence, the way you the way you talk about overcoming perfectionism, like all of the things that you say it's like, you're, you're, you're coaching, but you're, you're the way you are is the example of a great coach. And so I appreciate that. Yeah, yeah, I love it. I have

[650:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: never had any, like formal coaching, training, right? I'm not certified as a coach. But a lot of people wonder, do I need to get certified? No, you don't. But I've also had great mentors, and I've been around, I've been around mentors for so long. So it's like, but I had a little bit of that insecurity and that stigma of, well, I'm not, you know, certified as a coach, or I, you know, I can't do therapy with people. So I can't talk about these real life issues. I had this stigma where I wasn't going to talk about a lot of the stuff that helps you get a lot of breakthrough. Lay Leila, and I'm so grateful for first, for spending time with you will that we had together this past week, it was amazing.

[662:58] Speaker 1: It made a canceled flight totally worth it.

[664:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: You didn't get stuck in the flights that were where you stuck in those flights.

[665:31] Speaker 1: It was really interesting, because nobody knows this. But like my flight was canceled. So I ended up having to be in a hotel that one night, and I begged them for a very late checkout. So they said, okay, and and so that I would have time to meet with Jeremiah, because there's no way in hell I like I don't care where I had to be, I was going to take this meeting that I had been looking forward to, and looking forward to. And so I also found to like, just being in that room, like being outside of my normal environment kind of helped a little in a surprising way. Like, you know, sometimes something that seems like a problem is actually an asset. Because it pulled pulled me out of myself. And it made me so laser focused on what we were doing. And you know what I will say, like, you're changing my self perception. And I really think the biggest problem people have, as I'm starting to learn, and this came out in our podcasts is that our self perception is not geared towards success. A lot of times, I think that's why coaches are so drastically needed, because we're able to provide a more positive self perception for people and put them just in a better state of mind. And I think like, you may not have a certificate, but you have years of experience in this world, from from many sides of it, from, you know, from watching coaches from helping, like from helping them evolve, like all that stuff from being coached, you're so like, you have so much experience from many different sides of it. So,

[688:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, it's something I'm, I'm gonna be super vulnerable with everybody here right now. And share something I probably never shared. I get very uncomfortable when people give me compliments and praise. Because for years, people would use compliments to try to manipulate me. And so, but I, but I am learning to receive the words and to not brush them off or assume because I know like you're not trying to manipulate me in this conversation. Right?

[701:03] Speaker 1: Now I'm paying you 1000s of dollars. You I'm actually paying for the

[703:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: so it's funny, and I'm like, just I'm learning to like grow every single day, every single week with everybody here, which is awesome. So I'm here growing with each one of you. And it's showing just an example of vulnerability, showing what I mean when I say have a vision for the future. My vision for for this business is in the next year that we're making four times what we are now over $2 million a year. And that will have live events and that will have Am I wife and I will have a house that we'll be at. We'll have our our child and maybe maybe a second one on the way we would like to have multiple children which is amazing. We're excited for that. But like that's the vision for my life that I look at as I see the group that's here, us coming together. The group that's here coming together for a is a great time of celebration, for one at a time of reflection, and growth, celebration, reflection and growth. And I think spending that time together would be just amazing. And like, even sort of like a retreat type of a thing will be. I've always laughed at retreats. I'm like, man, they're such a waste of time. But then like, people love them, like when they get to a certain level with like, and that's the thing, if you're somebody who has like a dream for retreats, I would recommend get to the place to where like, you see my business is at right now. We got a few 100 people in a group coaching program, because then out of that becomes your retreat group. Right. And so it's a lot easier. It's almost effortless to build your retreat when you focus on building your group. Celebration, reflection and growth. Yeah, I just came up with that, like on the fly. I say my mom taught me that one how to come up with stuff on the fly. Um, her and I talked about this this last week. Something you can do to train your brain that I don't know, she shared with people. Maybe she has, how she raised us as kids. She would say quick, what's the answer? Don't even think about it. Tell me what it is. And so like she would she would quiz us on topics and then say quick, what's the answer? Don't even think about it. Tell me what it is. And I used to like, I feel like I didn't understand what it was back then. But it became a game. It became fun, right? It was like, it was a fun thing. It wasn't like demanded of us. It was like a really fun, exciting like, oh, okay, we got you know, but it taught me to not overthink things to pay attention to the first thought that I have, is actually probably the right one. The second thought we have ends up second guessing the first one. And so that's why when we learn to act and move on what we feel, even our impulses in business, learning to become more impulsive with your activities in your business is that is a healthy thing. Now it can be destructive, if you're like, I'm gonna throw a million dollars at Facebook ads and not worry if it makes any money and you got no money to blow. Like that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about. Jump on the chat GPT when you have a thought of it and just type some stuff in, like, you're not going to hurt anything doing that. The other thing too, is maybe instead of going to social media, change some of your habits, instead of go into Facebook, log into chat GPT and start talking about your clients and their goals and stuff like that. Because it's becomes almost fun like that it actually helps replace some of that social media time. I recently this week put in a tool on my computer on my phone, called a blog site. And blocked site is this this app, I know there's better ones out there. But it's about easily. Yeah, seen on Netflix, avoid distractions be more focused. And so I have blocked sites set up to actually block me from going to social media apps on my phone, and on my computer and my productivity has almost tripled. Now my it's not that I was spending three times 300% of that time on social media, it's at the time on social media cut my effectiveness and the time I was working by two thirds. Because my focus was so focused on what was going on on social media. My focus was split focus as to what was going on outside the world around me. So I'm I'm doing that and I thought it would be fun. Our church is doing sort of a, like a, like a fast thing. So I'm like I'm gonna fast all social media other than necessary for my business for 21 days, just like not even go on it just to see what happens. You know, I mean, you don't have to do that. But I think you would be surprised if you install the tool like this. Because then what I do is I can go into the tool and I can I can just turn it back on and off right here. See? It's like, if I'm blocked, that's what it says. Forget about it. It's funny, little faces. And then I click on this and I go edit block list. And then I can uncheck that and it allows me to go back later. So then then I can get back on to Facebook, right like that. But it puts that filter there. And you can even they have the apps for iPhone and Android too. It puts that filter there so that it's not gonna blow Like the app on your phone, but it'll actually block the servers from loading. So they won't load anything new. You can still open the app, but it'll block the server actually connecting. And so I found like, just in the last week doing that my productivity has gone up like crazy. My ability to think better, more clearly, my level of fear and worry has gone down. All of that. And so that's huge. Right there, which is, which is awesome. That's amazing, Bobby. That's awesome. So those are some tools that you can use chat GBT, replace some of your time on social media. Start playing around with your vision. In AI, start just tossing around ideas for your coaching, it doesn't necessarily even have to be for the copy. That's even what I would say would be a first step is just toss around. If you would ask it on a call like this or let's say you are going to like coach somebody, you can actually ask it questions and it'll tell you how the Marketplace will perceive it really accurately to start playing around with these tools. As part of your everyday experience, okay. Vinnie, something really cool that I just found was I told you it does. It understands parts work is really interesting. So I have all these like parts work, like, scripts that I've been doing. While I've been working through stuff just in my on my own. And then I came to a point where I was like, Okay, I feel stuck. So I texted Dave, and told him which thank you for that referral. been nice to Dave. He's amazing. He does a parts work therapy. I guess, should we just tell everybody about where to find Dave?

[831:58] Speaker 2: I think so. Dave is a great resource. The other thing I discovered after the fact was it he his kind of niche is he works with coaches, ya know, and people who consult his business. I had no idea. I mean, so it was a great fit.

[836:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, save out a Musco. He's my therapist. And we work through internal family systems and parts work. He charges. For me. I think he charges what does he charge? Yeah, 150 an hour still, he's raised those rates too.

[842:00] Speaker 2: Yeah, definitely agree.

[842:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So but yeah, check him out. He's, he's certified. He's like, he's legit. And he'll do it through through zoom, which is awesome. So he does it with zoom with me, and I text him throughout the week, which is fun. And so I love it. Um, all right, everybody. So that was again, today's training didn't even really feel like a training. It was more like we're just kind of talking. But yeah, you're right. Vanessa is the going rate for therapists but Dave is kind of a level above the therapists he's therapist and then like, like life coach level, like business coach even like, understands that. So he's, I mean, he could easily do 250 An hour and I would pay that all day long. Um Yes, yes, that pricing is helpful. Other resources too that I've used that's what that's what's really cool though is my mom and I were talking about this with with Chad GPT I showed her how to use it for parts work stuff she's even going to be talking about it I'll probably talk a little bit more about it as I learn more about parts work I'm brand new to it but something that I that I would do like for instance is I would actually take some of this copy right here and beneath this is something fun that you might want to try as I'll take the copy that I'm writing and then you put put script out a conversation using internal families family systems between four different parts using the below

[874:18] Speaker 2: this is awesome. We're doing it this month parts work but looking exploring the critic and in parts work you don't get rid of your critic ever right? So I like rolling over my copy I've never been sick today's like the first day well but you know like how am I gonna cop How am I gonna create this offer when it's not the goal is not to silence the inner critic or get rid of it. So I'm definitely going to use this it'll be fun so

[881:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: so what this is is a look I actually turned it into a conversation about the author between four different characters

[884:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: to where you can imagine this is like a test conversation between about your offer between the AI talking to each other. So it's talking about your sales letter. And I found that was really cool. And then I put a write a hero's journey outline based on the based on this. Living the normal life struggling to write compelling copy, they receive an invitation to a webinar to write persuasive copy, they're hesitant, intimidated by the AI. They overcome their fear decide to take the plunge. By registering for the webinar, when they attend, they learn how to use it. obstacles along the way, learning new technology and implementing in their business. So these will be the main obstacles right here receives help and guidance from the expert and team of experts. And this is what I like to do what fictional movie novel or story is similar to this? The matrix that's funny. The story of the matrix learning how to use the AI to exactly of course. So, um, when he said your podcast, he recommended a book about Hertzberg. Who is that book?

[907:27] Speaker 2: No bad parts by Dr. Richard Schwartz.

[908:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so this is the book I've actually been reading through it. The second exercise on the audiobook, I've been like, I've had that on repeat. Where he goes through mapping out your parts and finding the garlic cluster, I guess. Yes,

[913:12] Speaker 2: is your layer, instead of peeling the layers of the onion in parts where it's more of a garlic clove, because a garlic,

[915:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: garlic cloves on the cover of the book. Those shapes, the three colors are shaped like garlic cloves. And then the person's face here is kind of like your person has sort of all these different parts. But then there's these different experiences that we need to to basically unblended, right. We unblended and integrate with them. And so it's a really cool model just for healing trauma, restoring wholeness. My mom has gone through this I have in the past couple of months, and it's helped me so much. One of my biggest things has been, you know, performance, my worth is tied to how I perform this belief that I am only worth, how I perform what I do. And so working through like, where did I learn that? Where did that come in? has been really helpful.

[930:41] Speaker 2: For me Can I say one thing for me, Jeremiah, it's very different from yours, but it's all part of the system, the methodology, and that's, I have had physical pain. For years, I thought I had fibromyalgia I've had a lot of physical pain and through parts work. Part of the method is to release physical or emotional pain from the body and it's the closest thing to Reiki or energy work. But the cool thing is I'm not working with a Reiki healer or it's like I'm learning how to do that by myself. And to me that's so empowering and powerful that I have a method. I don't need a therapist, Dave and I actually already been working together he was like you're done. You don't need me anymore. He like literally fired me I was like already like yeah, you don't need

[944:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: didn't you mentioned something about like, you even you like invite Jesus in.

[946:00] Speaker 2: I do as a personal favor. I just intuitively it felt right to me. So I always invite Jesus and I'm like, Jesus, where are you? And there's a real special like one part it's called unburdening in parts work and it basically I give that hurt or pain to Jesus and I have experienced like, physical healing like yours pain that is completely gone. I've gone to my doctors and they're like, Okay, that's nice, but I'm like, No, I have no more pain. And I still I'm not even eating as healthy as we normally do. This is the only thing I've done. So I'm like, singing from the mountaintops because it's just been a miracle of sorts, but it's releasing years of shame, guilt. Deep, deeply held sadness and loneliness from my body.

[961:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Wow. That's amazing. All right. I wanted to open this up for some questions. If anybody's got some questions to ask today, we can go through. Of course, you can always post questions in the group. No, Abigail's not in labor. She was at the grocery store member. All right, Bobby.

[967:07] Speaker 3: Hey, Jeremiah. Good morning. Good afternoon, woman and after 1201 Central Time. Um, question. So I just wanted to make sure that I'm following everything you're talking about. I started doing my Facebook ads. I've had 372 leads. Okay. Yeah, I've only had 93 People get into the Facebook private Facebook page. That's a little is yeah, there's something I'm doing wrong there. I pretty much copied your copy. When's the event? Wednesday?

[975:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wednesday? Yeah. Um, could be the targeting of who it's targeting. They're more like looking into what you're doing versus like actually wanting to attend?

[979:12] Speaker 3: Yeah, I actually have had several people. When I look at their Facebook. Their main page, there are other. I've had some doctors look at it. I have some other health professionals look at it.

[983:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Well, that's where so basically, you're targeting are you? Are you targeting off of a look alike? audience?

[984:57] Speaker 3: So I did. So I took your advice. One was General. Yeah, one group was general. And then I didn't look alike regarding a video I had done before. So it's a combination of look alike. Okay. General,

[988:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you'll get better at it by taking those leads that you got and building a lookalike off of those leads now. Because that's really going to be a lot more laser targeted. So I would say who you're targeting right now is a little more broad. In general, those numbers aren't bad for it being completely broad initially, but you'll want to build a lookalike off of your leads. Next, you'll probably get about half, actually, you'd probably get about half of them showing up, I get a little over half showing up now. So that's not terrible, either those numbers but if it being on Wednesday, one thing that's why I started putting like pre trainings in the group for a virtual event, because it motivates people to join the Facebook group to check out what's going on in there. So you have something going on in the group, it'll, it'll basically move people, and I see this, like, physically, you know, if you if you were struggling to get people to show up at a certain time of day, you would give them an incentive to show up at that time early. So you could incentivize people for jumping in early with something as well.

[1007:33] Speaker 3: Okay, yeah, I'm doing the trainings, also,

[1008:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: emailing the people who opted in that they need to jump into the group. Okay, cool.

[1009:51] Speaker 3: I'm emailing them. And yeah, if I do it like today, I'm going to do another training video, I'll send them out, send out another email, say, hey, the fifth. Here's the fifth training jump in.

[1012:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, when I what I did. And I'm going to probably do now too, is those those pre trainings, I'm going to probably recycle some of those now, since I've done so many of them, and be able to share them in the future to be able to do that. We're also playing around with some new tools. Here's one called Video ask.com. I don't know if you've seen this, I haven't used it personally. But it's my type form, where it's an interactive video or they watch a video. You watch a video and it starts to like it asks you questions through the video itself. So the video becomes its own funnel funnels to different videos.

[1024:42] Speaker 4: One of the benefits of using video ads is that we get people's questions answered in the moment when they're thinking about buying. So because we put videos on our sales pages, that's what they're thinking, okay, am I going to hit that enroll button? And then am I going to pay money to buy this program? And in that moment when they're ready to buy, but they've got one more question. If we could answer that question right then and there, they're going to buy versus maybe wait a few days and then never get around to buying. Also using POS has allowed us to have less email questions for customer support. So we get our entire team involved to support video ask so you might hear it from my marketing manager or my customer support rep or you might hear from somebody in my content team. So you get to hear from a lot of different people the responses to their questions. And in addition to that, that means less questions from my customers. 14 Because I have a small but mighty team that's really important to us.

[1042:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it can take you through different buttons to different pages have different like logic A or B videos, A and B responses based on what they say they want from you. So that's something that I'm looking to implement here soon, to where even on our opt in offers, I started answering some of these questions that people have, and directing them more deeper and deeper to have that build that relationship with people, I feel like that high touch will be really cool. That way as well. One way that I'm thinking of using it even as to prequalify people, when they go to register for the event, I have another video, I added another step and ask them Are you are you know? Are you a coach? Are you a course creator? Are you a trainer, you could add your survey questions in the opt in process by doing that, which is cool. Now, obviously each step that you have people go, the cost per lead goes up. So you spend more per lead, the more friction that there is in there. But spending more per lead isn't always a bad thing if you're pre qualifying those people, specifically in that way.

[1059:01] Speaker 3: Yeah. Okay, that helps a lot. Awesome. So I'll keep you on those emails and keep sending. I'll try to see if we can get more people into the face private Facebook group. Yeah. And I asked this question on Facebook, and you answered it. I just I guess I just need more clarity. So for for a three day I'm doing a three day event free event. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 6pm. Central. Your I was thinking based on your training, I should do a webinar using Zoom webinar versus zoom meetings.

[1067:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Is that correct? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Cuz Zoom meeting, everybody else can come up on the screen zoom webinar. You're just talking.

[1069:37] Speaker 3: Okay. And then going into the VIP, that will be the Zoom meeting. Yeah. Got it. Cool. Thanks.

[1071:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Awesome. All right. Anyone else got any other questions? Just raise your hand, if you're going to ask a question. And then I'll just kind of bam, bam, bam, go down them. And then that's who gets their questions. So if you want a question, make sure to raise your hand before I'm done with Denise here. And otherwise, we will close out the session there. As always, you can post in the group as well. All right.

[1078:28] Speaker 2: So there's something I've been thinking about for about a year. And I was like, oh, I need to ask him about this. So what are your thoughts about price plans where there's like three different options? Like, you know, silver, bronze or gold or whatever, that whole structure? What are your thoughts on that?

[1084:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't like three different options in the same offer. I think it's better to have two different options in the same offer. It just gets confusing to people to decide one or the other. And oftentimes, if you're going to have three, three price points, I would usually make one of those be a lower tier or an upper tier and making another offer. Sell people into I'm not a big fan of having like three price points in one main offer though.

[1092:00] Speaker 2: Got it? Yeah. Okay. It's something I've been thinking about, like, maybe for the lower tier, people get just video access, they don't get anything else or certain videos. And then more than a they get more access, right? You could

[1096:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: build a whole coaching program with video ask, which would be really crazy.

[1097:20] Speaker 2: I'm thinking about really doing that. I saw that about nine months ago. I was like, I wonder about that. I might just play around with that. I don't have anything to lose first. Yeah.

[1099:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because they can literally post their questions in the forum, and you can coach them with responses back. I was like, like, this is your this is where you go for coaching. And it's like, hi, what can I help you with? Yeah. offer that as like a lower tier like, like a tech. Yeah.

[1104:02] Speaker 2: Yeah. And I've done Voxer for years, and I'm telling you, I love texting, coaching and leaving messages that really works. I don't do I use whatsapp with my coaching group. But yeah, so awesome. And Bobby totally stole my question. I'm in the same situation Bobby's in. So thanks for the answer. That's really helpful.

[1110:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. What's up, Bobby?

[1111:12] Speaker 3: Hey, one more question. Do you have a tutorial on OBS? Or have you thought about doing a tutorial on OBS?

[1113:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't I need to do one. That's on my list to do. Okay. Yeah. Because it's part of like, how you automate? Yeah. I I know that there's a ton of tutorials on OBS on YouTube.

[1117:56] Speaker 3: Yeah, I know. I've gone through them I've gone through. It's just you know, the way you use it. Your style is different than their style. I mean that there's some combo Good stuff that you find on YouTube.

[1120:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know you're right. So awesome. Yeah. All right, I'll share that because that's important too, if you're going to, if you want to go evergreen, there's two ways to do it. I like doing evergreen where people still have to like join you on a zoom call because it really feels still more intimate that way. And so you can stream it through OBS that way, it's a bit complicated to do. But it's how I would do it. Otherwise use a tool like webinar kit or webinar or fuel or, or Webinar Jam, any of those webinar kit webinar fuel Webinar Jam, they're pretty they're like automated webinar tools where you put an automated message in there and people can sign up and register for that stream yard lets you stream out a recording to a Facebook group.

[1135:34] Speaker 0: So does restream as well but restream is limited by how long your video can be stream yards better at that so that's one way to automate is just by going into a group but you don't have the the Zoom call side automated as well. And I think for a one day deal I think people like it being a zoom call. It is feels real. Now webinar fuel has like a fake zoom call thing but you can still kind of tell it's not real so

[1143:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Thanks everybody. This has been great the recordings will be in the members area and I'll talk soon you guys will be the first to know when the baby comes so well maybe the second to know you'll be the second to no family will know first but All right. Have a good one.

