CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-12-18T20:34:33.000Z
Duration: 122 min
Otter ID: 2q3StfmBJco0iV7v1XK5lg4U4CM
---

[2:37] Speaker 0: Let's do this

[4:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: hello, hello. Hello beautiful people. Good. Good morning. Hello beautiful people. How are you? Thanks for being on. I'm excited that you're here right. Hello, everybody. Oh man, I got a powerhouse session here today for you. And this is this is going to take us as a group to the next level. How're you doing? Dana? And Monica, Shonda, US and Neil, how are you? Edna? We got Brett Donya. Jenny. Awesome. Well, hey, the I do have a hard stop right at right up at two o'clock Eastern one o'clock, just because of the five day intensive is starting again, I have the I recorded the session last night around, gosh, it was around midnight and then went to sleep. And then, you know, well, I spent all day yesterday with my son with my with my wife. And we I got a lot accomplished, we put a lot together. And so I'm excited this week, the five day intensive, it's going to be a whole new level. I feel like I'm on a new level. I started a health detox and a health protocol. That is it's it's changed my thinking my mind, everything in the most positive direction possible. Like I feel as different today, compared to two weeks ago, three weeks ago, when I was eating like pizza and wings and stuff. And listen, trust me, I love pizza and wings, I'm going to part of the protocol is like, you know, once a week, there's like a free meal. I don't like the term cheat meal, but like a free meal and stuff like that. And so I'm getting back on on that grind. But it's like my brain feels way sharper, way more creative, to the point that it's almost like when I stopped drinking alcohol two and a half years ago. And by the way, some of y'all I shared a couple of weeks back about my struggles with drinking and alcohol, we'd had a few members write me that they felt really uncomfortable that I mentioned that I had ever, you know, gone to jail for drinking, that was 12 years ago, I you know, I don't drink anymore, I have completely transformed my life. And so again, if you're somebody who's here, you're looking for somebody who's perfect, that's never made mistakes, I'm gonna fail you every single time. What you're gonna get though, is somebody who is transparent, that shares with you the struggles, the mistakes, the things that I've dealt with, and the things that have that have held me back and what I've learned through that process coming back around from that, okay, and so what we're gonna do is we're gonna save our questions till the end, you can share them, you can post any questions that you have in the chat. I'm probably not going to look at the chat last last week or two weeks ago, I was struggling, I kept looking at the chat and I realized that will keep the focus is to not look at it till the end. Okay. And so that's what today is we're gonna be doing a teaching session here, if you're watching the recording this session, I would say is going to be probably one of the most important ones that we've had over the last six months. And it's going to draw from a lot of the questions that have come into the group. I spent a lot of time over the weekend coming up with what I'm going to be talking about here today. I want to go live in the Facebook group here just before I begin, just so that everybody has that that right now. So give me like 30 seconds. Let's see live training, plus q&a. December 8, team. Zoom, Link, we're gonna share that and then we're gonna go in the Facebook group. Right there. Okay. Go Live. Once it's live, though. That will be good. All right. Thanks, everybody for being on. I know. It's basically the week before the week before the holiday. We will be pushing our regular Monday call to Tuesday next week because Monday is Christmas Day. So we're basically pushing everything up to Tuesday is the call. The Fast Start call will be on Thursday. The next week instead of on Wednesday, New Year's Day, it's still going to be on Monday, though, so but next week will be that as well, I'm still piecing together, I want to give you guys the ability to before the end of the year, you haven't yet to sign up for a one on one coaching package. The pricing on that, as I mentioned, is going to be $14,000 is what it is. And it's going to be basically the same deal that we offered last year for 9000. But it's going to be 14,000 for anybody if you want to do that. And so we'll offer a payment plan, things like that, we don't have the details of the link for you to sign up for that. But I will send that out. And hopefully my goal is to have it done by the end of this year. Otherwise, it'll be at the beginning of next year as far as that goes. And we can do it by the end of this year. That'll be a good advantage for I think some of you. As far as that goes, All right, I'm going to dive into what we're going to talk about here today. So one thing I want to preface this with, and I'm not sure if everybody like knows this or fully understands this, but I just have to say it whenever I share a strategy with you. It is because it's not because I tried it once. It's not because I tried it wipes and saw something, it's because I've seen repeated time and time and time and time again, that doing this will not work doing this is what works better. And so I understand people that are in here, you got a different you got different backgrounds, maybe different education, maybe you got certification, maybe you're a therapist, maybe you are an expert in this one field or another and things like that. And you may have differences of opinion on some of the things that I talk about and share. Okay, what I'm drawing from is when it comes to you generating 2030 $40,000 a month of your business, cash flow, financial results in your business, these are some of the things that prevent people from doing that. So I want to just preface this by saying that everything that I'm sharing comes from evidence, it comes from actually seeing other people do it and applying it in my life before I actually bring these strategies to you. Which is why a lot of the stuff that I share today, I've been sharing for four or five years, but I guess I have a little bit of a different level of authority because I've applied it in my life. And I've seen it take effect in my life and how I work with other people and things like that. And so what we're going to be talking about is just how to make sure that you get the most out of this program here. And then how you can actually implement in your business, by the end of this 60 minutes, you're going to have very clear actionable strategies that you're going to be able to take and apply and then start to see results in your business. One of the first things that I just I'm excited to share with you is that I spent the last month reviewing all of the tech platforms that are out there. All of the different platforms that people use to build their business. And a lot of them are great, they do a lot of great things, but some of them make things 10 times harder than they need to be for. Okay, one of those is WordPress, it just makes everything 10 times harder than it needs to be for the actual process that we teach you. Okay. And so I still stand behind the simplest platform to get off the ground, to start to see results with to start to build with is the combination of Squarespace and MailChimp. And then using Thinkific to house your courses. Okay, it's the best combination of cost effective, simplest to implement, simplest to build. Are there other platforms out there, some of them are maybe cheaper. They're all in one, they do different things like that. Here's the thing that I've found, you might be able to save 100 bucks by using an all in one platform. But oftentimes, when something's an all in one, it adds to the level of complexity. There's three platforms that I found in my testing that are all in one platforms that are better than the rest. Two of them are really kind of the best and really, it's istemi IO sistema IO is great. I think it's an incredible platform. We don't currently have training on System IO except for in the pixel clarity course that's in the members area. But in using System IO, it has all the necessary factors for you to be successful and it's actually put pretty simple and easy to use and to learn, I think over the next year, I think we'll be adding a training on how to use that. A more complicated platform, by the way, click funnels, I can't even recommend it to anybody. And

[164:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that Russell Brunson has completely destroyed his software. I think that Clickfunnels 2.0 is one of the worst platforms that you can use. And it's really sad to see that because Clickfunnels was one of the pioneers that was out there, the original classic version, and now it's terrible, it's there, literally, their whole business is being taken over by basically two companies systemically do and go high level. Okay, so go high levels and other platform, we do actually have a training in the members area that Adam Luckey put together for go high level and he has a white labeled go high level software that you can use and work with. And he actually can even help you with your Facebook ads and things like that. So that is also in the members area. But systemically IO and go high level are still going to be more complicated than this combo of Squarespace Thinkific and MailChimp together to use okay. And while they might save you a little bit of money, they add a layer of complexity that might make it difficult for you to get things going and moving forward. One alternative that I will say that it's probably just as easy as Squarespace. Think if IK and MailChimp is Kajabi it's actually also one of the more expensive overall, I love Kajabi. I love what they've done with the platform. I think it's an incredible software as an all in one, it doesn't have all the same features that maybe systemically or go high level do for your marketing though. And so you will probably most of you are still going to end up using Kajabi and then maybe some other marketing or follow up system, along with Kajabi. So So again, oh my God, there's so many platforms, you got to just pick one, use one. And I'll say this if one is way too complicated if you feel overwhelmed by the complexity, Squarespace Thinkific, MailChimp, those three in testing, all the other ones that are out there are the simplest that integrate together really well. And so I just wanted to highlight that to you. Another thing that I want to highlight to you as part of this program is you have access to courses trainings that I have spent time putting together, crafting developing, we have a brand new course Mastering zoo for coaches, one of our best courses landing page blueprint, know how to put your landing page together. Strategic funnels made simple Facebook ads basics pixel clarity MailChimp made easy. And so a lot of you are saying, Hey, I'm really stuck on the technical aspects of putting my business together. The tech trainings are all found at members, dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Okay, and so listen, I understand some of you benefit from one on one coaching, maybe like having a set time for a class to show up on Monday motivates you to show up and here's some of that, I'm just going to share it right now. I'm not here to win a popularity contest with you. That's not what I'm going to try to do. I'm going to say things straight and not beat around the bush because we have a lot to cover. If I tried to beat around the bush and manage your feelings and make you feel happy and all of that, it's going to take me 10 times longer to say what I'm going to say some of you use the excuse that well recorded classes and courses don't really work well for me. And so I need that more live interaction. I mean this very kindly, but that is a belief and a limiting belief. And it really is and I haven't ever said that because honestly, I was I was concerned that I might piss some people off by saying that you can develop the skill set to use a recorded class to learn things. You can develop the discipline to find the time to go through different recorded classes to learn things. Okay, funnel building made easy for Squarespace is the technical training on how to put together Squarespace, step by step for you and the members area. So your members area is the library that provides you with the training and the skills to be able to put everything together. All right. And so if that's where you're stuck the courses that I recommend that people start with and I keep saying this, six steps to six figures If you haven't gone through any of the courses, six steps to six figures is where you want to start. And then there's another course called irresistible offers that sell, which is all about putting your offer stack together, those two are the best starting place in the members area for you. Okay. And so I have to say that because one of the biggest things that I've heard that some people say is that, they're just like, hey, like, I need to learn the technology, I need to learn how to put it all together, I need to learn all this, all this, all of the trainings are in there for you. Use it, utilize it. And if you find maybe you're stuck, or you don't have something wasn't answered in a course, or maybe you felt like hey, this could have been answered better. And you get some clarity on something posted on the Facebook group. Utilize the Facebook group, take advantage of the Facebook group to ask questions, also, learning the skill set of using chat GPT to help you learn things that you might be stuck on, for instance, you know, how do I add a forum to a a Squarespace site? Using JotForm? For instance, whatever. Let's say that that's a question, chat. GPT can literally give you step by step outline on how to do and go through a lot of the steps that are in the courses. And so if you're going through a course, and maybe you're like, Well, gosh, I don't know how to do that. You know, one of the ways that I see this, this manifesting some people when chat GPT had their waiting list. A lot of people put their business on pause, and wouldn't create things because chat GBT was on a waiting list. Well, they've opened up the waiting list as far as that goes. And so sometimes, we end up thinking based on our perception of how we think things are going, that we're stuck, when we really aren't, that there actually is a very simple solution, if we just take five to 10 minutes to look at what those solutions might be okay. And so that's one of the things that I just said I want to share with you, is that one of the best ways that can help you learn what you don't know, learn what's going to move things forward for you, is to just take some time to ask for help ask questions, and not get stuck. And you might need to start doing some hard things. I get it, you're already doing hard enough things. I'm not saying that to to put anybody down to judge anybody to say, Oh, you're not doing enough or anything like that. There comes a time where we can process through and become overwhelmed with why we're stuck on something when really, it's just taking a step back for a few seconds. And then doing the thing that we've been avoiding doing the thing that feels difficult, doing the thing that we have not come face to face with, okay. And sometimes when it comes to technical training, we can get caught up in the analysis paralysis, we can feel anxiety and stress that Oh, things aren't working things aren't going how I want them to learning to regulate the internal storm of the feelings, the emotions, the things that are are triggering you as you're building your funnel your business as your marketing, that's going to be one of the number one strategies that you can have developing a plan for resilience, that you don't have to become defeated. When things don't go how you thought they should. So that when you put something out there, and maybe it doesn't get the amount of sales that you want, or maybe you get a really nasty email from somebody and it ends up triggering you or maybe you find that you're on a sales call and you notice on somebody's doing something that you wouldn't do and it starts to dominate your thought process, or any of these things that people have, whatever your thing is that you're finding that is stalling you from taking action to build your business. It's solvable, it's absolutely solvable for you to be able to do that. And so this is one of the things that I want to encourage you to become extremely self aware of anything that causes you to stall, or procrastinate for longer than a week or two. Okay? What I found is this is that if I for even a month, seven to 14 days, and then sometimes I'll even look at 30 to 60 days and I'll look at okay have I been putting something off in my business that I need to be doing that I know that needs to get done? Maybe I go through a course maybe you go through a training maybe I need to sign up for chat GBT. Again like I said they have actually opened up the upgraded version now so you can use chat GPT plus and upgrade and get access to GPT four instead of having to use forefront or pull over Right. So if you notice that you're stuck for seven to 14 days, there comes a level of taking a look at, okay, why that is what's going on, and starting to make one of two decisions. Number one, is this necessary.

[324:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: What I have found is nine times out of 10. Most of the things that we're stuck on are not necessary. But we think that they're necessary, we think that we need to do them, when in fact, it's because we're looking at it from the wrong angle. From the wrong perspective, one of the greatest things that I see that stops people from succeeding, and this is the part that I really need you to hear. This is the part of today's training that I really need you to pay attention to, to not check out to not be doing something else, if you are doing something else, come back to the recording, it's about 21 minutes into today's recording in the members area. And this is the part that I want to tell you, okay. You need to take on in your business, what I call an alpha release mindset has nothing to do with alpha beta being an alpha male or an alpha female or anything like that has nothing to do with that. Alpha has multiple definitions, alpha can mean first initial, and the term alpha release comes from the software world. Okay? Now, don't get overwhelmed by the fact that I said that it comes from the software world, this has nothing to do with computer science or anything like that. It's how they iterate and release software. An alpha release is a pre release version of software that's ready for a small group of users to test. The name comes from the first letter of the Greek alphabet. So what it is, is an alpha release cycle is you release something. And then you add new content, new features, miscellaneous aspects to improve it over time. One of the biggest mistakes I see people make is they procrastinate, putting their offers out there connecting with who the people are, that they need to connect with. Or let's say they do launch, maybe they do put an offer out there and it doesn't convert. There's two things at play, there's two factors at play here. Number one, you have the pre launch version of your business, okay, this is where some people are at right here, you've never put a Facebook ad up. You've not promoted your offer, you're not growing your email list. Now, the second part is full post launch, okay. And each of these have very different phases of things that they need to work through. This could be you launched it, maybe it didn't produce the kind of money that you want to make. Maybe it costs you some money and resources or building something or putting something together, and it didn't produce the result that you wanted. Or maybe it did produce a result. And you did it a few times, and it got better. But then things started to dip. And they started to get worse. As far as that goes. The alpha release cycle way of thinking helps actually solve a lot of things. The process of iteration, the process of experimentation, taking on an experimentation mindset, being willing to a try things out with a test group of people, just to see what happens. It's not fully ready. It's pre development, it's underdeveloped. It's not fully finished, yet, you're putting it out there and you're selling it to the marketplace. And you're being very transparent, that that's what you're doing. You let people know that that's what the process is, here's the thing, by doing this, you are going to serve your clients better. You are going to produce better results for your clients, you are going to create better coaching horses and processes by doing this. And that is exactly how we have designed. Everything that we've ever put together that we've launched in our business operates. From this alpha release cycle of mindset. One of the greatest mistakes that I see that coaches and course creators make is they spent all of this energy putting their course together, putting their training together, mapping it out, trying to make it good enough to put out there to people when in fact it's better to just do it as a test just to see what happens connect with some people and make your goal not to try to prove and validate the quote unquote you're doing it all right you're doing it all perfect that you got it all together that it's all all of this that in the bag of chips but rather you're just curious to see how is this connecting with people and I want to tell you this if you are somebody that is judgmental against this approach, releasing underdeveloped products to the marketplace and charging people money for it. The chances of you actually making the kind of money that you want to make in a coaching and course business are very slim, they can't work, but it will take you way longer. And so by choosing to not do this, because your pride is telling you that you can't, maybe you believe that it's unethical to do. Maybe you believe that what you have to reach some certain level of excellence in order for it to be good enough to put out there to people. All that is, is self validation, all that is, is trying to prove that you're good enough to put something out there and my friends, you really got to take that aspect of your business, like, off the pedestal that it's at, and make sales and marketing to connecting with people hearing where people are struggling, having conversations, becoming okay with people being disappointed. Becoming okay with people leaving your program because they're not happy with it. Again, like I need you to get this becoming okay with not pleasing everybody is actually one of the number one success strategies in your business as a coach, and as a mentor. Why? Because you're going to hone in really well on who are the best people for you to work with? Who are the people that are the best to come into your ecosystem? And what this does is this allows you to take an iterative approach to where you are iterating you are trialing you're seeing okay, how is this landing with people? How is this conducting? How is this producing results? What questions do people have and then you're improving it? See, the whole reason you do this is to actually create a better, higher quality program and result for your clients. Our brain in the pre launch phase becomes deceived, and believes that we're putting something out there that's quote unquote, lackluster that might challenge our reputation that might make us look like we're not good enough, when in fact, to actually spend all of this energy and effort to make everything perfect before you put it out there is in my experience a choice to actually look something out of the lackluster level, it really is. And you improve over time, by how many people you work with your ability to sell, your ability to market, your ability to coach people improves over time, with the people you work with. Now, the other thing that you need to take, and I'm gonna I'm gonna get back to this in just a second. But I need to address something I need to address something that think there's a huge misconception that is damaging a lot of people's businesses is this idea of quote unquote, authenticity and integrity. Between your coaching and your marketing and your sales. Honesty and integrity are important. Absolutely. But the way that I find the most people in the beginning, define integrity and authenticity when it comes to their marketing and sales. As a coach as a course creator is the complete opposite of what's actually effective. And I'm gonna I'm gonna prove that to you right now. I live in my house with my son, he is almost a year old. My wife is here. I am Jeremiah Krakowski. I love my son and my wife. And I'm not a different person to either of them. But how I show my love to both of them is very different. And it does not make me any less authentic or any less of a father have integrity to love my son differently than I do my wife. In fact, that'd be really weird. Does that make sense? And yet, I find that a lot of coaches, they bring their coach hat on when they're trying to market and sell their business. And they don't realize that there are two modalities based on how you connect with people. When you're marketing and selling is one modality. This is how I show up with my son.

[482:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you are coaching, and mentoring is another modality, this will be like now I love and show up with my wife, I'm the same person. But my son has only been on the earth for a year. My wife has been here for as long as she's been here. And as long as I've been here and as long as we've been together, and we have a longer relationship together, and a longer connection. And so the biggest mistake that I see that people make, they're excellent coaches, they're excellent trainers is they're brilliant, how they show up with their clients, how they show up in their sales and marketing. And they think, oh, it's integrity. It's authenticity. It's being congruent across all things, how you show up in one places, how you show up with everybody. Gosh, I hear these quotes in meetings all the time, that people regurgitate like vomit, liberally, they vomit and regurgitate back bad advice, because it sounds good, and makes people feel good. Like I said at the beginning here, what I'm sharing with you here today comes from experience, not just testing at once, not just testing it twice, but repeatedly over the last 20 years of what separates those who are successful as coaches and mentors, from those who are not, I think one of the biggest problems, when it comes to putting your offer out there is you're trying to show up when Coach you when you really need to see yourself in that sales and marketing role right here again, same you same person, different way of showing up based on the relationship based on the level of access. And that's one of the mistakes that I see that people make, and it oftentimes affects their sales copy their Facebook ads, and affects their landing pages. And affects how they show up in their business, their email marketing, oh, gosh, email marketing, the amount of people that tell me like I don't want to bombard my list with too many email. When somebody is in my group, of course, I don't want to bombard you with a bunch of emails. But before you're in here, I send one email a day to people. And I continue to show up and engage. And I'm not worried about the 5% of people that send me hate mail that tells me that I'm wrong for doing this. And trust me, I get it. I was on a thread a couple of weeks ago, somebody telling me emailing people more than twice a week is just criminal. It's just terrible. You're forcing your will on people and removing their agency to decide for themselves whether they want to listen to you or not by bombarding them with forceful message. That's all that's fine. Like, I'm just sending emails about webinars I'm doing ma'am. Actually, it wasn't a woman. It was a guy that said it. Like, the stuff that we see on social media, because I read it all. I see it all I'm in the Facebook groups, I see what people are saying, I see the horrible advice and the judgment even that people have and one of the biggest mistakes that we can make is judging what everybody else is doing wrong in their business. It's one of the biggest things that I see that stops people from success that because you want to do things well, you end up looking at what everybody else is doing wrong in their business to justify and to validate to yourself that you got it all figured out. There's one of the most this right here that I just said is more a one of the most controversial and is the single most ignored piece of advice that I share with people 95% of people that I share that with it just in one ear and out the other. But I'm gonna keep saying it. That by focusing in on what everybody else is doing wrong, you are neglecting the energy that you could be putting towards growing your business that you could be putting towards building your funnels that you could be building towards affecting and impacting and growing your email list and connecting with people as you're gonna be putting towards learning and asking questions and doing that and here's the thing. Where does that come from can be different from everybody. I'm not going to go into like a group therapy session here. But I think for me, I was Always trying to point out what everybody else is doing wrong. Why? Because it made me feel valuable like I was on the right path. And how I grew up and was raised, taught me to do that to constantly spend all my energy, looking at what everybody else is doing wrong, so that I made sure that I didn't. And I had to learn to stop doing that. And it's one of the biggest things that that my mentors have told me. And then I have noticed, the most successful people don't look at what everybody else is, quote, unquote, doing wrong, Funnel Hacking, looking at somebody's funnel, looking at how they're doing things, and applying it to your business is different from taking a look at somebody and spending hours and hours and hours in how wrong they are and how they should improve and what they're not doing right and all that. But you can literally be spending that energy in building your own business. And I know that this might not have said that. But it's important to understand that being hyper critical of everybody, your superpower as a coach, and of course failures to point out when people aren't doing right. Every time I say this, somebody on social media throws back Well, isn't that what you're doing Jeremiah, you're pulling out? Well, we are not being done right. As a coach, and as a mentor to the people that have hired you, your superpower is pointing out what's not working for them, what they need to change. When it comes to the world around you, for anybody who hasn't hired you and explicitly asked for your advice, spending your energy focusing in on what everybody is doing wrong, is such a big waste of time. And it's addictive. It's an actual distractive addiction, because what we are doing is we're distracting ourselves from actually doing the thing that's going to help us succeed. We're distracting ourselves by doing something that gets us emotionally charged and excited by focusing in on what others are not doing right. Instead of looking in the mirror, becoming self aware and making your goal, self control, self mastery, self love, self compassion, not being self punishing. And learning that listen, sometimes things are hard. Sometimes things don't go how we want sometimes people don't do what we want. Sometimes you could literally give the best advice to people, and they don't take it you could literally say it again. And again. And again. And again. And people will literally say no, I'm not gonna take that. Ignore that, and I'm gonna throw it away. And what you got to do is you literally just have to let them be wrong. Let people do whatever they want to do. Let people continue to live their life, how they want to while you build your business, if you focus in on your tribe, and your community that you're building, and the people that you're connecting with, overall. Okay. So that's what we were talking about right here about the two modalities, pre launch and post launch. The Boom Back, I'm circling back around to what we're talking about right here. Where do you launch. Oftentimes, this has to do with feeling like it's not good enough. Fear of failure, we don't want it to not work out, we don't want to lose time. We don't want to lose money. We don't want to lose energy, we don't want to waste time, we don't want to miss out on opportunities. All of that is a way of thinking. Operating in your thinking in avoiding wasted time, lost opportunity, fear of loss, wasted energy, wasted money, and focusing in on trying to avoid making mistakes and doing everything perfect will not help you succeed. Well, you might succeed eventually. But it will take you way longer than it needs to. And so by doing that, you're explicitly making a choice. I don't want to be successful quickly. I want to take as long as possible to be successful, it becomes an explicit choice by trying to make everything perfect. And we can justify however we want. You know, one of the ways I see people justify doing this, oh, that's wisdom, I'm being wives, or I have a spirit of excellence. Whatever thing that we use, to convince ourselves that it's the right thing to do, to avoid putting ourselves out there to avoid doing this alpha release approach that I've talked about whatever that is, you need to get to the bottom of whatever that is for you. And that's something that we can talk through and it's something that we can work through. And that's something that it's it's important to be to literally shine a spotlight on in our lives.

[639:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you have found yourself maybe you're in this program and maybe you are not putting your stuff out there, you need to shine a spotlight on what's really going on beneath the surface. That is preventing me from putting something out there, just to see what happens just to experiment, okay. And that's really going to get you to the next phase of breakthrough, I find a transformation happens when people finally put something out there at launch. Now, the second part of it is that when you do put it out there, and listen, by the way, I understand that this is why most of you don't watch. Because you see, oh, sometimes it launches and it doesn't produce the result. So you think that spending extra time making it more perfect, making it better improving, it is going to save you from struggling, and it not working out. That's a complete fallacy. It's a complete misnomer. It's a complete fantasy. It is like, like, if I were to say that you're reading, Lord of the Rings, or Game of Thrones, a fantasy novel, that is literally as realistic as this idea that if I just do everything perfect, I will avoid things not working out. It is it's not reality. It's not rooted in reality. It's not rooted in an actual, how business is done. It's rooted in all of your past experiences, all the ways that you've always done things, it's rooted in how you've always tried to keep yourself safe. And there's a lot of other layers to this, I'm not going to go into that. But you need to realize, business is a risk, things don't always work out. Sometimes you make an investment. And they don't always go how you want, you need to get back up again. And you need to learn to shorten the amount of time that it takes to get back on the horse to try again, to to put something else out there. What ends up happening is we end up feeling devastated, disappointed, we feel so distraught, sometimes we feel like we're going to cry, or we actually do cry when we put something out there and it doesn't go how we wanted it to and then we end up having a recovery period. Everybody's recovery period can be different, it can take a different length of time, that I've seen some people take nine months, 12 months, 16 months, two to three years to do this. If we were in a grief counseling course. And I know that some of you literally do counsel people through this type of stuff. And so you're probably going to disagree with what I'm about to say. And I fully understand that. Understand, when you're doing grief counseling, that is great advice. less than 1% of people on planet Earth are successful in business. Advice that applies to therapeutic approaches of grief counseling, can be good advice for business, but oftentimes will not work. In the grand scheme of things. Here's why. Because I you know, there's advice that I hear from people, gosh, no grief has no timeline. Take as long as you want to grieve, things like that. And hear me out before I say this, because I have to address this, I am not a fan of burnout. I am not all about hustle, hustle, hustle, grind, chill yourself, burn yourself out, burn the candle at both ends to just do whatever it takes to make things happen, I believe in a holistic approach of creating the life that you want. Not working more than 40 hours a week maximum if you need to. But then getting that down to even five to 10 hours a week. Okay, so understand everything that I'm telling you is literally about getting yourself to the place where you have a business, that you only got to work five to 10 hours a week to be successful in that you could put in a few hours, maybe on the weekend on that you could do this, but understand that it's going to have to take you operating differently than you have in every other area of your life. For you to become financially successful, and a coaching and chorus business, the frameworks, the decisions, the ways that you operate in every other area of your life are often not going to work in business and that is why most people are never successful. Because they have certain things that block them from success based on limiting beliefs based on how they do things based on how they approach relationships based on their perception of what's okay and what's not based on what feels comfortable to them based on all of these different things. And so that's why business success is not for everybody. What I'm sharing with you here today, what we share in this program is what I believe is the fastest, least amount of effort and most effective way to deliver high quality courses and coaching to people that generate a significant financial return for you. If you don't want any of that, then keep doing the things that you have been doing. Because it maybe it's working for you. But if you do want that, it's going to take taking some of the things that might even be non negotiable standards that you have in your life, for how you have made decisions, and maybe you made these decisions five years ago, 10 years ago, I refuse to show up that way, I refuse to do that. And you maybe made a decision that is blocking you from actually doing the thing that you need to do in your business. becoming self aware of what those are, is one of the biggest keys to success, and one of those is learning to become resilient, faster, shortening the length of time to get back on the horse. Again, when you get knocked off, I talked about riding a horse and you get knocked off the kind of you know, launching a campaign putting two months into building a campaign, you invested money, and it didn't produce the sales that you wanted is literally like getting kicked off a horse probably has a similar gut punch type of feeling. It'll knock the wind out of you. And sometimes people take years to recover. mentally, emotionally, physically. And there's always a deeper layer as to why that is learning to shorten the length of time that it takes you when things don't go how you want them to. To get back up again, for this one reason we're not talking about you then doing the same thing over and over again, you know, I say this to people, and sometimes they hear it that way. You're not getting back up on the horse again, to then just get knocked back off again, you're going to say, Okay, let's take a practical, tangible approach, I'm going to be the CEO of my company, I'm going to step up to a higher level, to where I'm not going to let what tried to beat me what tried to stop me what tried to be so hard, what tried to defeat me, keep me from getting back out there and putting myself out there again. And that can be different for all of us. It could be weather, it could be a nasty note from somebody, whether it could be the tech didn't go right on your training, whether it could be you didn't get the sales that you wanted, whether it could be you're struggling to launch something, whatever that is, can look different for all of us. But what if we can learn to shorten the length of time that it takes for us to get back up again, to pull a few levers to optimize to get the help, you're not alone. By being here in the client growth accelerator, you have the training, the support, the guidance, the wisdom, to be able to make decisions to do things that will change your life, your clients life, and your future. And so by learning to see failure as a stepping stone and to fully embrace the possibility of failure as a 100% good thing in your life and business. That when things don't go how you want them to your responses. Good. This is great. Let's figure out how to do this again. And I know that might sound foreign to some of you. But I can tell you that it sounded foreign to me when I when I heard this approach. I thought it was the stupidest dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life about five years ago. And then I realized, wow, my arrogance thinking I know everything has been not making the kind of sales I want to make in my business. Oh wow. If I look at what my clients that are most successful do they're not struggling with the thing that I'm struggling with. You have to learn to not let what has tried to stop you, defeat you

[796:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: and to become stronger and more resilient and to learn from the experience and to learn to regulate the emotional storm that goes on and to learn how to optimize and build things and improve To them, over time, this goes back to the alpha release cycle, your marketing will also improve over time based on the feedback that you get from people. You got to put yourself out there. You have to put yourself publicly in front of people and risk. anybody's opinion, risk it not working out. In order to get to the finish line of things starting to click for you, for you to start to bring in those sales that you want to make. And this is one of those areas that listen, you know, a lot of people, they hear this and they give up, and it might that some of y'all might be the end of the year. You're feeling like, gosh, I haven't done anything this year. Now Jeremiah is kicking me in the teeth while I'm down. Is he actually somebody that has my back cares about me? Or is he just a jerk who's trying to make me feel bad, I'm not trying to make you feel bad at all. I just I see the difference between those who make the kind of money they want to make and are successful with this process. The process that's proven a process that works, and those who are not. And these are the biggest difference makers as far as they go. And so just to recap what we talked about, if you're finding maybe you're struggling with tech skills, or things like that, the members area members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com Has the courses. If you find that maybe something's not covered in the course, or you're still stuck on something posted in the Facebook group, ask on these calls. Learn to not let perfectionism be your way of building operate from an iterative approach, being willing to put something out there, that's still under development, that's still under construction, that's still improving. And then be willing to, even if it doesn't get the sales that you want to make, figure out internally, what it's going to take for you to get back up again, to be able to do that, you know, for me, I got really distracted by a lot of the negativity that gets sent to me on social media. I'm gonna just gonna admit that to you, and and it's actually something I felt embarrassed about is that I, when people are like really negative with me, it knocks me off the horse worse than anything else. It really just does. But you know what, it's gotten better. It's gotten better. It used to take me months, and months, and then weeks, and then dates. And now I might feel the pain. See, that's the thing. Stop waiting for the struggle of the triggers to go away and permanently disappeared, they often won't disappear. But how you respond to them will change. So for me, I still get triggered by it almost exactly the same as I did three, four years ago. But it only takes me an hour to recover instead of five to seven months to recover. And that is a testament of the of the intentional focus on not letting the things that stopped me from succeeding many being knocked off the horse not being able to build my business. Because somebody said something mean to me and some of y'all might be laughing at that I get it. Again. What I struggled with might be different than what you struggle with. Okay. And it's usually it there's a certain I'm not going to dive into it, but it it has affected me it's because I grew up if you listen to my story on my podcast last week, I grew up that the worst possible thing in my life could be anybody saying anything negative about me or our family. And that that was the ultimate cardinal sin. And so as a little 156 years old, teenager, my whole childhood, that being the standard of growing up in my life, that anybody thinking anything negative about you equals possible death. That that is literally what was going on inside of me that that's the storm that was stopping me from being the most successful. Learning to not let that affect that to not let other people's does is pointing to me in me affect me to not change my decisions without changing my choices. And that even goes for clients. That even goes for paid clients even in this program. I am not going to please, everybody in here, I am going to disappoint you. Okay. And my New Year's resolution for the last three years has been, I want to learn to disappoint more people. I want to learn how to become okay with more people not being happy with me. I want to learn how to become okay with no longer worrying about pleasing or managing other people's emotions or feelings, no longer operating trying to play. What's it called damage control when people are unhappy with me. Now the flip side of that if somebody is just an asshole narcissists, whatever it is, I mean, that's, that's not healthy, that's being a jerk. But I'm coming at it from a place where I truly cared about people. And so this my way of serving people well, and building the life that I want requires me to operate that way. And it's an immovable standard that I will not change in my life or business. It's one of those things that I noticed the people that are the most successful in business out. It's also one of those things that I judged nearly every business owner about five years ago, my judgment towards successful business owners abilities to be unfazed by other people's disappointment. Oh, gosh, I was angry, I was pissed off those unethical sob is what horrible people they are. And I realized, you know what, that is one of the biggest reasons why I'm struggling to even put my business out there is because I'm operating out of the pure arrogance that thinks that I know better than people that have been more successful than me. And so as somebody who's come out on the other side of this, and been able to grow our business, and been able to create massive financial success, for us, and our clients and seeing the difference maker in this, that's one of the greatest catalysts that's going to take you to the next level. And so I want to encourage you, as you go into the new year, one of the biggest things is going to that's going to make you unstoppable. Start to have a vision for the life that you want to live. The boundaries that you want to be able to implement, the way that you want to manage your time how you want to show up with your family, if you don't have a family, how you want to show up with your friends, how you want to spend your time. Because I believe that having a priority of time, freedom becomes the catalyst of how you show up in your business. It has been for me, and I think that if we can envision the life that we want to live, our brain starts to get really creative and goes to work to figure out what pieces to put into place to make that come to pass. If we're so focused on the things that we want to avoid the life that we don't want to happen, the mistakes that we don't want to happen if we're so focused in on trying to play damage control of other people's opinions or emotions, trying to please everybody. If we're so focused on trying to make sure that everything goes perfect, we literally shut off the creative part of our brain that goes to work and creates the strategy that's going to get us to our dreams and goals. When you learn to actually spend intentional time to envision the life that you want to live, I'm not talking about the amount of money you want to either separate the money from it. Like just imagine, okay, I got $10 million in the bank, okay, hypothetically. Now, how do I want my life to look? And then you will go to work, putting the pieces together to close that gap. And that's one of the greatest strategies that I think, in the last year and a half, has transformed my life and my business and has taken me to where I am today. That has motivated me to do the work to not be stuck. I don't have time to have an emotional meltdown. When my son is crying

[953:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: simply because I was triggered because I was raised with a dad that didn't know how to manage his emotions. No, I gotta figure that out. And I gotta go to work. Whether it be working with a therapist, reading some books, watching some videos on YouTube, listening to some podcasts, growing, implementing, learning the new skills that I don't have in order for this thing to not stop me And I think that when we envision the life that we want to live in the life that we want to create for ourselves and for our family, it creates the catalyst that anchors us to actually put in place and to implement the stuff that is going to create the life that we want to create. And so going into the new year, I believe that this will be a difference maker, for many of you, for many of you that are in here, being able to do that, being able to do the things that we've talked about here today. And I think some of you too, you're going to take the recording of today, you're going to go in the members area, and you're going to remember December 18, and you're going to listen to it over and over and over again, till it gets inside of you. And it will transform your life. You know, that's another success strategy is not just listen to a training that's really good like this once, but over and over and over again until it becomes a part of how you operate. One of my favorite books, The Big Leap by Gay Hendricks, this book catalyzed me two years ago, three years ago, to get to where I'm at today, I read this book, probably 20 times, I got something new every time I listened to it, I got to the point where I was able to put it on like two and a half times audio speed. So I can listen to the book in like two hours. And I would listen to it even like three, four times a day. And that got in me and by the way, this book, I highly recommend it to anybody who's here in this group, conquering your hidden fear and taking your life to the next level. When you attach to a training of something that really resonates, that's really going to take your life to the next level and you listen to it over and over and over again, it starts to become a part of you not just surface level, but much deeper. And I think that this training here today can be that for quite a few of you. All right. Now we're going to take questions here, raise your hand. Again, if you want to write me a nasty email, if you want to call me out, if you want to confront me on something totally fine. I want to make this a safe space for you to share how you feel, and how and what your thoughts are on this. And if you disagree, that's okay. Absolutely. And so raise your hand if you have some questions. Shauna, what's up, Shauna, how are you?

[999:26] Shonda Whitworth: Good morning, Jeremiah, thank you for this training, I will definitely be taking this one in over and over and over again, I wanted to ask you, if you would be willing to elaborate on okay, like what you were sharing about how you show up differently for your wife than you to your son, that was very powerful. So like you are here showing up right now as a coach to us. And you're showing up with compassion. And I don't know all the words right now. But you're about to show up for a challenge or intensive or whatever you're calling it. And you're going to show up differently. Will you elaborate the ways that we would be better for us to show up in the sales and marketing part? Because I think I'd still show up as this compassionate coach with that, and how your, how you switch gears and what

[1015:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: is that? That doesn't change? Okay, what

[1015:45] Shonda Whitworth: is what is it though? What is it? What is the difference? I guess that's my questions. What is the difference?

[1016:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not trying to sell anybody here on buying something from him. Right now. I'm not building a process that builds up to purchasing something from me. I'm trying I'm looking to get to solve problems to actually identify what's stopping people and give you guys what those strategies aren't when I'm selling. And again, this is actually found in this book right here, the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort. One of the rules that he talks about is this, as he says, to not scratch their itch, when you're selling, that you want to rather agitate the pain. And so that the only solution for them to actually reach the solution is not in the free content, but rather making the investment to work with you. And so in that is I am scratching the surface on a lot of the issues. When I'm showing up with people that are out there. I'm going really based on a lot of the feedback that I'm getting from the q&a calls, things that people are dealing with as far as that goes, if if all I talked about was that same stuff here. That wouldn't be serving this group at all. And it would feel really weird. That would be likened to me talking with my wife like, Hey, how are you? Let's play with the star on the Christmas tree. Because that's how I was playing with my son. Last night, my wife would be like, what, but if I showed up with my son, and I was like, you know, Hey, you want to go, you know, you want to go out to dinner and get a babysitter and go, my son would be like, oh, you know. And so it's like, two different modalities of showing up yet, I'm still expressing my love in these different ways. And it's based on kind of, it's always based on the where the person has asked that you're reaching, where the person is at that you're talking to, it's always based on the relationship, it's always based on the depth of the relationship as well. And that's why in group coaching, it's very important to also have certain standards of what you tolerate and what you don't and things like that. Because what that does is it makes sure that everybody is aligned with this same way of coaching as far as this goes. So you're not going to serve everybody in group coaching the same way. When I'm showing up in my sales and marketing, I'm a lot of my effort is to get people to realize to decide to not work with me, I'm actually really working to help people make the decision to say no to me, first. So my goal is actually to encourage rejection with people in sales and marketing. As I really want to encourage people to not buy into what I'm offering. Because what ends up happening is then the ones who are still left that really want to, I can now connect on that deeper level, instead of trying to manage all these different beliefs and stuff like that where people are, because it's already hard enough to do that. And so that's what's effective, they actually then create those kinds of sales to bring people in. My goal, when I show up for an intensive is to get people to become a client. My goal when they are a client, is to get them results. So they become a case study and the testimony if they want to share that results. Again, I by the way, I'm probably one of the least aggressive at getting case studies with people. You know, I don't I'm not very aggressive at like, making people give me their testimony. I usually go based on what info people offer up to me, right, you know, I had an E and Carol write me a few times, and I don't know if it's Ian or his wife, Rachel using the account, but hey, we had we made $40,000 a month in sales using your training. I'm like, Wow, that's awesome. Okay, now that they told me that, I'm gonna start mentioning that as a case study and a testimony with people as far as that goes. So again, that's some of the nuance behind us.

[1083:44] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, right. Well, well, the follow up question. I'm being like, okay, like you're here delivering now imploring now, how do you switch so quickly? Like you have your heart stop? What are you going to do in between your heart stop and then going?

[1087:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Switch big reimagined is I actually saw that for the five day that I'm doing I recorded it last night. So so day one that was recorded last night. So I actually already already made it I got into that headspace. It took me about an hour to get in there into that headspace. So generally, if I notice, okay, it's going to be difficult for me to transition, I'm going to utilize different maybe technology to help me show up in those two different ways.

[1095:12] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so we just have to find something to help us shift out of that one way into the other way. And for

[1097:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: me, though, the way here's the thing is generally I'm shifting from watching my son for like eight hours, to then recording a training. That is a process for me. So what I do is I usually read the questions that people that have have have asked me, I go on my treadmill, or swim my swimming pool for about 30 minutes. And I really just start focusing in on the result that I want to get people. And I really start mentally thinking about okay, getting them to this place. Now generally what happens is in the beginning, our brain starts coming up with all the reasons why they're going to be angry or disappointed with us or all that I let those ideas leave my mind. And I focus just on the people that I know are going to absolutely love. And I I really am only talking to those people. I'm not even acknowledging the people that are going to be negative anymore. I'm not even like trying to buy doing that. I've gotten a lot more nasty emails, by the way, by not acknowledging the negative. So I actually found I was trying to protect myself from getting nasty emails by acknowledging all these negative people. Guess what? That was affecting my sales. So now I don't acknowledge that the volume of angry people has increased because of it. And I'm okay with that. I'm 100% okay with the fact that Some people might register for a webinar with me and not be okay. Or they might not vibe with me or they might not like connecting with as far as that goes.

[1123:16] Shonda Whitworth: But that's that's us sorting now, who is your ideal client and who is not? And that's part of the process.

[1125:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: It is. It is part of that. Definitely. So.

[1126:10] Shonda Whitworth: All right. Thank you. Appreciate that.

[1126:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, Sue. I mentioned a little bit about the technology writing right before you jumped on here. On the recording. I did like a whole kind of like, I think 510 minutes on that, which is cool. So I was like, right before you jumped on on can recap that a little bit when I come to your question here. But I'll just I was mentioning that to you that I that I actually went through some of that text some of that text stuff. Yeah, no worries. All right, let's see. Dana here, Dana. Hello.

[1134:24] Dana Hernandez: One brief question about the technology part. If I'm already on WordPress, do I stay with it too? Do I pay someone to move with all over to Squarespace? It's been a question in the back of my mind for a while, but I've been on WordPress since I started. And I have done two launches with it. And John Mullins even helped, you know, was some of the stuff on WordPress, but your thoughts? Can you hear me? Yeah.

[1142:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Let me pause here real quick. Okay. I just realized

[1147:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: does that sound better?

[1147:58] Dana Hernandez: Yes. Your your audio was going weird when you were turning away to the

[1149:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: toy. Yeah. Okay. It's it's, it was using the wrong microphone.

[1150:52] Dana Hernandez: Yeah, I think we think that we could still hear you. It just it just would get low. Okay.

[1152:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You could still hear me though. Okay. Yeah, we could still hear.

[1153:09] Dana Hernandez: Who's recording? Okay.

[1153:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, my main microphone that I normally use was turned off the whole time. Yeah,

[1154:48] Dana Hernandez: it's it. Definitely.

[1155:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had unplugged it last night. And it I plugged it back in, but it didn't turn on. So there you go. And it happens. All right, back to your back to your question that you had said.

[1158:44] Dana Hernandez: So do you in your opinion, would you eventually switch over from WordPress because it's not something I want to do myself. So I would have to hire someone out and all of that. I think

[1161:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: if it becomes an area where it's taking you a lot like longer to get things going and things like that? Absolutely. We got to that stage with Rick Pino where it was becoming, it was taking so long to like launch offers and things like that with WordPress, that the ability for us to actually market our business effectively demanded that we get offered. Okay. And so and and again, if you are using WordPress, I tried to keep it simple. I really love the Elementor maker, I'm on Elementor big fan of like super elaborate landing pages, keeping them simple, like my mom's landing pages that we do has been effective. A graphic of the top text, the landing page blueprint course goes through that. So simplifying some of those steps is also there. But again, if you find that becomes a limiting factor, it can be helpful to move off of that for your offers and your landing pages. So what we did was we didn't get rid of everything off a WordPress for red. We just changed his like landing pages and his sales offers. Because then we were able to iterate those really quickly. Okay, we kept his WordPress site up, we linked to it even and stuff like that. But we started instead of this whole overhaul thing. Again, this literally goes back to us talking about the iterative approach, the alpha release approach of building things, is taking piece by piece, and just doing one or two of the pieces over time versus the whole thing. That mindset I would say is probably one of the things that is why my mom and and myself and Rick Pino have been so successful is because of that iterative approach of okay, we don't need to overhaul the entire website, let's just change the one page that we're using right now. Okay, because that saves you Okay, let's, let's just let's just talk practically here rebuilding your whole website might take you six months. But you could build a landing page in 10 days launch that and get some clients. Okay. And so, part of it is like becoming okay with

[1197:36] Speaker 0: you know, is that the right way to do things? No, not according to what everybody will tell you. But it's it's effective. And I think oftentimes the court One quote, right way of doing stuff with technology is just somebody's opinion. It really is. When it comes to the right way with building a coaching business is often just somebody's opinion. And everybody has a different opinion you will find for everything that I'm teaching here today.

[1205:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: A complete you will find 10 coaches that teach the exact opposite of everything that I've said today. Okay, so it's like, it's just somebody's opinion. That's really what it is.

[1208:43] Dana Hernandez: And the landing page could be done. I could do a landing page only in Squarespace. I mean, I have, I have my landing pages on WordPress. And yeah, it's

[1211:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally two launches. And that's what I recommended in the funnel building course is just putting your landing pages on there. Because so and it was it came from, that's what people were using, like click funnels and stuff for, again, I Gosh, Click Funnels was great a couple years ago, I can't even recommend it to anybody now. Um, I just I just can't, there's better tools that do what Click Funnels used to do. Um, and so, yeah, Squarespace is gonna be the simplest, easiest DIY system for sure.

[1219:58] Dana Hernandez: Okay.

[1220:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it has all the features you need.

[1221:36] Dana Hernandez: Okay. And that that would be a paid thing, obviously, right to do landing pages.

[1223:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's, I think it's like, I think it's like 30 bucks a month for their Squarespace. Okay, as far as that goes. But that that is basically your like your hosting, and everything is all inclusive with that when you're using a platform like that. I took a look at a lot of the other platforms that are out there. For landing pages and stuff. Squarespace is actually when it comes because a lot of them they they pull you in with IP is like, oh, it's only $100 It's only $10. Well, the $10 version doesn't really do all the stuff you needed to do most of the time. Okay, so usually, again, this is also true about software platforms, the cheaper it is, usually the harder it's gonna be. Okay, oftentimes, they build their whole model on they add features in every area where it's harder or more difficult, they charge for it. And so it's either okay, if it's too difficult. I look at as this if I spend the higher level of upgrade, it saves me that much time having to wrestle with it and struggle with it. So, all right. Okay,

[1239:43] Dana Hernandez: can I possibly ask one more question? Do you want to move on to the first book so. So you're like, it's so crazy how you're always very timely with everything I decided, you know, after I did morning, for my second, you know, my second launch, that I what I need to do is to get better at selling like, I know that I know, people bla bla bla, and everybody needs to get better at selling. Yeah, and you and you said that, you know, in your comment to me in the group are there and this alpha release, this is another you know, this is another way for us to practice getting selling, are there any other ways that you can think of how we can practice how I can practice selling, that isn't going for free, that isn't going to cost me money, you know, how I can practice before I put money into the next launch.

[1251:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can you can do like role playing with people that whether they'd be like in the group if you connect with people and do some role playing as far as that goes, but there's no substitute for an actual high like I say high pressure, like there's pressure on you to show up and to close a sale, there's no substitute for the anxiety producing situation of selling this to a real person. It's like, it's kinda like, again, like dating, like driving a car in a highway versus a video game. You know, it's kind of like paper trading versus actually trading real stocks with real money is you get better at selling by doing the real stuff by doing the real work with real people as far as that goes.

[1264:11] Dana Hernandez: Okay, that makes sense. This book

[1264:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: is really good. We do have actually two courses in the members area on sales we have the one on one on one sales, and then the one that's more on group sales. actually also the successful webinars and challenges one is all about how do you sell in those atmospheres as well so we have a number of courses in the members area to on sales to Yeah, but it's all about really kind of putting yourself out there and actually doing it.

[1270:53] Dana Hernandez: Yep. Okay. Thank you. All right. Brett, what's

[1271:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: up and I want to do is I want to try to like I said, I gotta stop in 40 minutes here. I want to try to get this get everybody get through to the next five people in the next 40 minutes. So let's try to we'll try to not take longer than five minutes per person here.

[1276:55] Speaker 3: Hey, Jeremiah, what's up? I I have been processing my niche. I guess since we started I've since I started on the membership and I've gotten it down, narrowed down on a Google doc here, and I wanted to see if maybe you could help me get a little bit more concise with it.

[1283:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if you can pull it up as far as that goes. By the way, Cassandra asked about MailChimp landing page builder, I played around with it, it doesn't have the features. And it's a lot harder to really kind of make the type of landing pages that that we recommend building, you can use it, it can work, I think you're it's actually gonna be harder for you to use the MailChimp builder than to use Squarespace. All right, I mentor business owners to live. So this is kind of like your value proposition. It's kind of

[1291:04] Speaker 3: right, right? I don't, I didn't know what to call it. You do? Yeah, I

[1292:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: mentor. It's your USP, your unique selling proposition. I mentor business owners to live their divine vision calling and purpose without limitations and boundaries, enable them to experience. Okay, so again, that's your process that's going to bring in work, that's what you do as a coach. That language isn't necessarily going to sell well. That's

[1298:09] Speaker 3: what I'm wanting to move away from, because a lot of that is coming out of my own personal experience. And having come out of a religious mindset, I'm wanting to eliminate that and bridge that gap. Because it doesn't matter, I don't want to use the label Christian, because of, you know, how broad it can be, I want to get specific to people that are, that are wanting to move into this area of basically a holistic living and become being the best that they can in their in their business and in their life.

[1306:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this goes back to, like I said, the two modalities of you as the coach hat, and then the sales and marketing hat, right, as the coach, this is probably still going to be what you're doing with people. Okay. Right, you're clear on that you're clear on who you're wanting to work with, what we got to do is we have to start to understand the next level. Right? As imagine and I say this for everybody, hypothetically, that you have 100 of those business owners, that you're going to help live in their divine vision, calling and purpose in front of you right now in a room right now. Okay. And then I want you to imagine that you're working with them for three years, I want you to just think about like three years is going to change people's lives that they spend that time and your space as far as. Alright. So I want you to imagine that you got 100 of these people that you've spent three years with,

[1323:51] Speaker 0: what does their life look like from where they came in, when they were starting with you to where it was three years from now? And what are some of the tangible ways that they would say that this coaching impacted them and change their life. Now, if you're talking about business owners, oftentimes a can deal with whether it be family boundaries, time management, feeling most more fulfillment, and income related types of things. So again, those are actually going to be the hooks that you're going to lead with, to get clients you're going to lead with the bait that you're going to use is what their end outcome desire is. And so what you're gonna do is you're gonna attract people that need this approach. But they want that future version of themselves. And so what you're doing is, you are from stage one, shining a spotlight on the future possibility of what their life can look like, after working with you for one, two or three years. Now,

[1340:10] Speaker 3: with that being done some more so in my copy of promotions, really

[1341:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: getting clear on that from a more of a higher level. Because everything you do, from your content, your ads, your presentation, your messaging, your marketing, and even what you teach to people stems from that. Because you're, you're gonna keep anchoring, what that is, throughout everything.

[1346:50] Speaker 3: That's one of the things that I've been, I guess over the last week, I actually condensed that down from about three paragraphs. And one of the things that went through my mind is it doesn't matter. You know, what I call them? It's, it's the overall concept of what I'm conveying, whether I call them a pioneer or visionary or by saying that's fine. Yeah. But if I were to say, Okay, let's, let's talk about some practical things like getting free from perfectionism, procrastination things.

[1355:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: What happens when somebody gets free of perfectionism, procrastination?

[1356:31] Speaker 3: Well, for me, personally, it's been I'm not triggered to perform and putting things off. I'm being much more timely about things and much more proactive. And

[1359:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: then when you're not triggered to perform and you more timely and proactive. What is the result of that behavior?

[1362:03] Speaker 3: For me, it's Rest in peace, I'm coming from a much more a mindset that is at rest in the sense that I'm not triggering, trying to get something done. But I'm more thoughtful in the process, and able to come from a place of feeling

[1366:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: that that sort of peace and getting clarity, you feel confident, you feel excited, you got more energy to actually do the things that you set out to do. Yeah, so those can be more tangible ways that that comes across. When you say rest in peace. We define it more in more practical terms, right? Because listen, if you put I'm going to teach you how to rest in peace people. This is a Jim Jones call, you know, and it's like, no.

[1374:53] Speaker 3: Well, that's what I'm trying to do is

[1375:33] Speaker 0: that's the thing, people don't have the same language and experience and stuff. They only have their language and experience. And so we gotta when we're, when we're actually marketing and selling, we got to use the language that they're using to describe their problem and their dream.

[1379:19] Speaker 3: That's what I'm trying to do right now is make that shift, because, you know, I realized that I have my own lingo. Yeah. And yeah, and I don't necessarily want to lose that when it comes to the mentoring or the coaching aspect. I will call down. Yeah. But the thing is, is that I want to be able to, if you're bridging the gap, what I'm doing, I'm sorry, you're bridging the gap for people. Exactly, exactly. So

[1387:05] Speaker 0: I always use this example of all mentors, and coaches need to kind of come off of the mountain, quote, unquote, yeah, reaching the crowd and use the language that they're using, even if it's completely different than then, because I always hear this from a lot of coaches and mentors. Well, I wouldn't say it that way. Yeah, but are your people saying it that way? Yeah, well, I can't, because, and I need to kind of finish what I'm saying right here. Go ahead. If you're going to concern yourself with trying to make it be how you're saying it again, that goes back to you're trying to then validate yourself and prove yourself versus making it about them at that point. And that's not just for you is for everybody else. So I often hear from people about their sales copy. And so I wouldn't say it that way. Or it doesn't feel comfortable for me to say it that way. Yeah. But are the people you're reaching saying that way back? And I draw this from the example with Rick Pitino. All of his people were saying I want to become a famous worship leader. Right. That statement was the most nauseating thing to Rick, to even consider encouraging people. And yet it was the hook that attracted the right people. And then he was able to bring His message to them. So it's using their own language, right? In your conversation, not when you're doing sales and marketing, I think Okay. By the way, this I'm actually unpacking a little bit more the answer to what Shonda asked a little bit, how do you show up differently in that way, you use their language when you're doing sales and marketing. Even when I'm coaching, I'm still using some of the language that people are using in here because it's a great way to just lead people and connect is mirroring the words that people use. But when I'm selling and marketing, I'm really using the language that others are using, you know, I started adding something to my sales pitch that has increased my conversions, I started saying, Listen, the most important thing to me is impact quality. Making sure that it's something that I can put my reputation behind.

[1423:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, if you had listened to me six months ago, I said the complete opposite. Because I'm mirroring what my audience is saying in that conversation, because I'm validating that they are on the right track and that they're in the right place. All

[1427:24] Speaker 3: right, I want to emulate that. I remember it's probably been about a month ago, when you started talking about speaking their language for them to identify with it. I made the shift mentally, to be able to say, Okay, well, that's not a problem. I can do that. I'm just trying to totally make that jump myself to where I know that I'm communicating. You know, I don't have to and I

[1433:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: would say in some ways, you know, yes. I

[1434:26] Speaker 0: if I was to say in every way not managing my reputation, I don't believe him but I really don't. Because I believe that if you're actually really doing things the way that has integrity you I don't concern myself with people that dislike me. So I don't manage my reputation to those who dislike me. I don't go out there and do damage control the people that are that are gossiping. and spreading lies about me, I really don't, I will literally let them lie about me and believe whatever it is, and I will still continue to do what I need to do. And that is a that's in business. A lot of people don't like that they don't feel comfortable with that. But I found that oftentimes, if I'm leading with that people misinterpreted the wrong way. They were hearing me through their lens of their experience. All right,

[1446:07] Speaker 3: right. Right, right. Well, I'm used to being labeled as a heretic. So because I'm usually I'm a front runner. Yeah. So I'm good with that. I just, you know, I want to be able to speak the language. And I realized that a lot of it's going to be in my copy for live events, there'll be a lot of news. Right? So

[1450:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: and in the words that you say in the video content,

[1451:20] Speaker 3: right, right. So you think this is good, just go ahead and use this because we're, this is what I was just gonna plug.

[1452:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is a good starting place, but take what we just talked about where I was like, okay, rest in peace. How do you define that? And what does that look like tangibly? That's what you want to use in your coffee,

[1455:27] Speaker 3: practical language for results that that

[1456:22] Speaker 0: practical kind of dream out. Because you're basically you're painting a picture in their mind, the mind's eye, they can see and visualize internally, what their future working with, you might look like. So that's really what creates the positive experience is that when people when you're selling to them, they start to experience before it's even happened yet, they start to feel that excitement that that that and then that's what motivates them to make a decision, okay, I'm going to make this investment with you.

[1464:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's why also I like to, you know, reduce their risk by doing that, by say, offering a trial period, having different gifts and things like this different deadlines, things like that. All of that are different motivators as far as that goes. So but I think this is a great, you've gotten clear on how you help people now let's get clear on how we mirror their language as to their dreams and goals.

[1471:11] Speaker 3: Right, right. What is what is the what was the tie of the the phrase that you use for this description?

[1474:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't remember. I think you'll have to go back through the recording and check that okay.

[1475:24] Speaker 3: I'll do that. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate your time. Totally.

[1476:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Tiffany. What's up, Tiffany?

[1477:05] Tiffany Quinones: Well, first, I want to thank you for not sugarcoating your messages ever to us. I've noticed a big growth.

[1479:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, actually, I have sugar coated them before. And now I'm not.

[1481:06] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah, I've noticed in your in your trainings when you first started, and to now I'm like that is not the same, Jeremiah. And I just wanted to say thank you, because it's, it's it's how it's how you're changing our lives here. And it's one of the reasons I keep showing up. And so, today's today's message, I'm definitely going to go back and re listen because you said a lot of things and I was like, Is he reading my mail? The question I have is about Squarespace. I know you were touching on that, but then it sparked the question. So I tried using Squarespace once when I first started and because it's a learning curve for me, I went back to MailChimp because it's of my experience and it was comfortable. But I found when I was creating the landing page. It's not very friendly. I did find Squarespace a little more friendly. So would you recommend signing up for Squarespace? I heard you say it's like 30 bucks a month and then just use it for landing pages and then just using MailChimp for like the emails.

[1501:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, that's how I use it. Because they integrate together.

[1502:49] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, okay. And then would you Oh, sorry.

[1503:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's broken down in the funnel building course in the members area. The funnel building made easy for Squarespace course. You create like a little forum where they put their name and email and then it literally just there's a button that you click it logs into your MailChimp and it links them together in like two clicks.

[1508:45] Tiffany Quinones: Yep. Okay, I think that's where I've been getting a lot of creative ideas. And so today's message is very timely. So thank you so much. Yeah,

[1511:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're welcome. All right. Dorothy Watkins. Dorothy, how are you today?

[1514:12] Dorothy: Hi, hi. I'm just getting in the next room. I'm good. Yes. I've had a real breakthrough with sales. So that's lovely. Yeah, so yeah, so it's just with these puppies, obviously Christmas is a very helpful time. With that, but I think you know, reading the book Um, the way of the wolf has been amazing. It's such a great book, it really is. Yeah. Yeah. So that's been really helpful, I feel that I've become a lot more bold. And, you know, and not sort of being timid. And I think I had a real timid energy, and that was really affecting. And so it's looking on a really deep level, because I know I need to go and see a therapist, etc, in terms of where is that really timid energy coming from? You know, because I need to do that with my yoga training. And because the yoga training, the content is so great, and I've been teaching for 20 years. So it's like, all of that's there. But what's when you're talking about the two separate aspects, you know, me as a salesperson has got this real, timid nature. But then when I get through that, Timothy, Timothy, there's something else that's a lot bolder, a lot more confident. And that's what I

[1535:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: expect. That's the thing. And I know, I know that about you. Um, yeah, you're, you're totally, you have this like, really bold as a lion side of you, that you might be holding back. And it's actually the timidity isn't authentic for you. You know, I think some people that more timid soft type nature, in that sense is their authentic nature. And I think if that's the that's the sense, you know, like, like, be that way. That's fine. Like, like your energy. I think it's more like what comes naturally. But if we're trying to be a certain way, in order to manage what people think about us or stuff like that, that's where we need to really approach that and take a look at that, too.

[1547:59] Dorothy: Yeah, yeah. So I'm really pleased that I've sort of moved through that. I'm more aware of it. Because obviously, yeah, totally.

[1549:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's great to hear. Yeah. You had mentioned? Yeah. That is a cultural difference, I think between the UK and the US, too. Yeah.

[1552:15] Dorothy: For sure. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, no, I mean, the whole English thing is terrible. It's terrible. I mean, the worst sales you could imagine, you know,

[1555:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: but I know a lot of people that have gotten what I'm sharing, like they felt understood when I'm teaching. Yeah. So again, I don't think anybody's background or anything, needs to stop them from what we're talking about here at all. Yeah, yeah. Cuz I think I think it's beautiful diversity. Yeah, yeah.

[1560:58] Dorothy: So. So basically, like, over the next 10 days, I've got this little sales mission, which I reckon the thing is, is I could decide to sell them really quickly. And I don't want to do that, because I put so much work in, it's basically, three months of hardly being able to leave the house, you know, when you're sort of looking after puppies. It's like, so Mega. And to work out, I haven't actually done the account, I think doing the accounts would be a really good and helpful thing for me to do to actually know how much I've invested. Because obviously, it's massive. And if I actually look at how much I financially invested, and and then you know, you work out the price from there. I mean, putting your hours in, it's going to come out minus, you know, you're not even earning an hourly wage when you really work out what goes into looking after puppies. So, yeah, but you know, so the thing is, is ideally, I'd be selling them at 2000. And I took the price down just to get the sales going. So I sold five at 500. Well, one at 550. But I know that that is not actually the right price for pedigree. Datsuns Yeah. So now I've done that initial what I'm actually considering to be a special early bird offer that I did this weekend just gone. I'm going to try and take the price up again. Because I've got my confidence.

[1586:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyway. Yeah, that's the thing, your confidence deterrent really does determine how well you can sell completely. Yeah.

[1588:15] Dorothy: Yeah, because I know that they're worth 2000 And how much I put in probably at least over 10 grand. I've invested in buying the dogs etc. You know, just

[1591:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the sake of our time here it was this

[1593:06] Dorothy: question was like, I'm gonna put together a little marketing plan and, you know, what would you do in terms of the pricing, so I'm gonna put them back up to 2000. But because it's like over the window of Christmas, I'm thinking maybe to stay with a price for give myself one or two days at that price. There maybe drop it down a certain to a certain point. Rice. So it's just really, how would you approach when you've got this little timeframe? That's the absolute number one time, in terms of if I'm playing about with the price.

[1604:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like before Christmas. Yeah,

[1604:41] Dorothy: like sort of, you know, how long should I keep it at each price? Shall I say?

[1605:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would do it like till till the weekend. till Saturday.

[1607:03] Dorothy: Yeah, so keep it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that was that. And also just say, we'll sort out this one to one session. I'll get that organized with your administrator and throw it out the form. Yeah. Awesome.

[1612:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I love hearing that. We had a great feedback from Jennifer. She has been doing one on one stuff with us. And she had some results come back from from her offer that she launched as well, which is awesome.

[1615:44] Dorothy: Yeah. Great. Yeah. So I'm looking to work on the new offer very soon. So yeah. Awesome. Very cool. Yeah. All right.

[1618:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cheers. Cheers. All right, Sue. You mentioned something about suggestions for a follow up letter. What I like to look at as this is why I like to sign up for maybe different people's funnels, some of the follow up emails that I send to people after they sign up for different things. And then just sort of rewording some of those follow ups. I like to have follow up with like excitement about what we just talked about, if you have a replay, share that with people, and then just really leading with reiterating, what's that dream that buying into what you're selling is going to accomplish for them and sending that to them in your in your follow up letters as far as that goes.

[1630:20] Sue McGarvie: Okay, okay, right. I'm just Yeah, I'm just I, I'm the opposite of what you do. I am the opposite of, of alpha. I'm the screw it. Let's do it. You saw it. I had a typo. I had done it in 24 hours and then launched it I am the very ain't doing great. Well, no, I would sometimes it's it's like maybe I need to be more mindful and do that. I mean, I'm doing pretty good. Well, I had said I didn't have sales, I'd hoped for it. 50 average 55 people on my each of my calls and sold to I was not happy. So I'm thinking, is it sales? Did I not ask for the sale? Did I not? Was it not clear offer? What's going on? I'm going to try automating the what I did. Done and sort of having weekly webinar calls and then getting clear on

[1644:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: me ask you this, how many of those people that were on it with you on the fireside have already been a part of your paid program majority had? Most

[1646:34] Sue McGarvie: of them? I would have said 95% and Facebook ads or not? I have been doing them for what two months now? I'm not getting leads from them. I'm now just working going to work with your people in Philippines. Because it's why I don't want to change to go to squarespace from AWeber is that I have so many moving parts. I'm not sure if it's the sales? I'm not sure. So I'm trying to manage the stuff that that's new that I can get better at and keep stuff that's good enough. Not great.

[1654:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So of those people, especially if you're selling to people that you've already connected with, is it's really important to demonstrate to people why it is either different or better than what they've already bought from you. Okay, that's as far as that goes. Because in their mind, they have a dialogue of well, you know, I bought this from Sue, it was great. This seems pretty similar. I think I'll pass on this. Yeah, this. And so that can be a big factor. We found that a lot with I found that a lot with a lot of coaches as far as when they tried to create a different offer, but it's similar. And that sounds too similar, that the sales numbers are really low if they're selling to people who've already bought something from them. So that's, that's going to be a big factor. As far as that goes. When it comes to the the advertising again.

[1670:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's more going back to kind of stage one because when you're selling to people who you've already sold to before, it's a little bit of a different conversation. When it's people that we've never talked to and they're off of a Facebook ad. The first thing that we got to do is we have to build their trust that we're even worth their time listening to. Yeah. And like that's the first thing that they got to be sold. Because if they haven't bought into okay, this person is worth my time to listen to they won't even get to hear your sales pitch if it's off of an ad as far as that goes. So

[1679:42] Sue McGarvie: yeah, I just listened to an Eileen Wilder, you know, talk where she's, you know, the whole thing was sales though, you know, it's the whole thing like drove me nuts she says you're gonna give me the free sales handout at the end of it, it was nothing but testimonials. I had to turn it down and go do something else for the hour that she did that because it just drove me insane and I don't there's you know, as you said, and not be afraid to be you know, um, you know

[1686:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: us you know, it's interesting Eileen worked with Rick Pitino right around the same time that everything has grown. Has he's really good friends with Eileen. And that model. However, you can turn that into what feels good for you does work as far as that goes.

[1691:46] Sue McGarvie: I just I'm just looking for sales ideas and been in she said, Oh, yeah, it's just I'm going to hand you the free sales thing. So I figured okay, except it was it was brutal. Oh my god, Jeremiah, you are? Don't doubt you were sticking with you. You are you are, you know, you're saying, I've just listened to you know, all the big guys and shaking my head. And it's not it's not the fear. So anyway, we just need to do that I'm working, I'm going to the next thing is getting to see if chinking and John John Allen can help me with the automated and do some automated webinars to see if we can start that, you know, the ads will be more video, I'm just gonna, yeah, so

[1702:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're not gonna sound like Eileen, because you're not Eileen, you're Sue. I'm not gonna sound like Eileen. But here's the thing is, I looked at it like a threshold, you might be able to move like 10% in that direction. And it would be the thing that would start to push it over the edge where the sales start coming in for you. As far as that goes. And I think that's one of the things that I that I always looked at, because I would I will also watch. Truthfully, I actually watched a lot of Eileen sales pitches to develop a lot of what I teach here, there's a lot of it is actually came out of how she does sales. She's very good at it, she's very effective, she makes a ton of money at it. Um, what I would look at is okay, here's the parts that I'm not doing that I could start doing. And I would just ask myself, Okay, why don't I feel comfortable doing that? Well, here's why. Okay, great, then I'm not going to do that. But here's what maybe I could learn from this that I could do. And one of those things that I found was, I was not reiterating testimonies very much to people. And I actually found by doing that more often, it's gonna annoy some people, but the right ones need to hear it. And that was one of those areas. Okay. Yeah.

[1723:56] Sue McGarvie: And I think she could cut she, you know, I listened to a lot of them. I think she could have cut them by 75% and still been affected. But, you know, that's part of it,

[1726:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: though. Part of the process, especially if you're doing like that is it's really it is in an effort to kinda like for what she's doing. I know what she's selling on the back end. I think her main offer is like very expensive.

[1730:06] Sue McGarvie: Well, yeah, she's she's, she's targeting Oh, it's an 1100 or $1,200. Program.

[1731:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, now above that, though, I think she's got like a 20 to 50,000. Yeah,

[1732:30] Sue McGarvie: she's she's all about the and she's all about the events, which is an interesting model. And again, I'm just looking at what is why isn't mine working? And let's get that fixed. And that let's tweak it because it's, as you said, we're almost there. But it's not there. So why is that? So

[1737:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where, again, the course that I broke this down was in the successful webinars and challenges course, it's all about doing those events. Your Fireside Chat isn't event. It's an event you're on stage. You have people it's it's that model, it's so it works. It's effective. It's about leading the event in a way that gets people to make that decision versus just, oh, wow, that was a great event, and they go on with their life. All

[1744:08] Sue McGarvie: right. I will watch your your successful webinars tonight, and we will keep you posted. Thanks a lot for your time. All right.

[1745:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Denise. What's up, Denise?

[1746:26] Denise: I, okay. So I think I am figuring out, I'm getting caught up. Just like some of the other people it's the process. I keep getting stuck in the process instead of what I'm selling people. So I have I went kind of the other direction. I'm gonna share my screen here. And what like, trying to just only do what like what I'm doing with my clients, and I want to know if you would read it, and see what you think about it. Sorry,

[1755:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not, I'm not connecting the dots here to what you just said, Can you help me understand what I'm looking at? So

[1757:02] Denise: this is um, this is what I'm trying to get together like a sales letter. We're trying to get ready to you know, try To learn all the stuff that you've you've got out there and create, like something that I can do for a sales letter.

[1762:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not doing email lists, and to present and to sell to people. Yeah,

[1763:18] Denise: cuz I want to start doing webinars, free webinars to start getting more emails, yes, like that, that's my first kind of my first goal. And then I'm slowly building up videos with my video guy to put together a membership thing. So I've got that going. So that'll be my cell will be my membership. And then do like month where I, I'm talking to people doing group coaching and stuff like that.

[1770:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's one thing, if we're making a thing where you were talking about earning potential, one of the most important things is to demonstrate to people a that you are, that you embody, and that you've actually kind of done it for yourself and others and really showing and demonstrating that. Okay. Okay. So if otherwise, we have to look at, it's not just about the earnings, but rather, what is the process, that's gonna get them there. And tying those two together, your earnings are going to increase by. And so the way I say that is like, dialing in your offer, making your sales copy, right, becoming it becoming persuasive that draws in the right people. So I attach the income to it, but then I also tie it into how that's going to happen. And then I validate it by my experience that I'm sharing. So that's one of the biggest things that you're going to want to do is you're going to want to talk about your experience, you're going to talk about why you are making this bold claim that you can actually help them reach this goal, because otherwise they won't even register for it, if they don't believe that this is something that's truthful, right?

[1789:15] Denise: That's what I'm concerned about, that's fine. Like, I kind of went to the other end of the spectrum, because I just kept getting lost in the process. And last time, I brought it to you, you were like you're not doing the dream enough, you're not selling the dream enough. Yeah. So

[1793:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: we do want to talk about what are the problems that are stopping them from getting there. So they're playing small, they're watching their income goals go by. And so what I see here, though, is I would dive deeper into talking about what does playing small and watching that go by look like, okay, really agitating that pain a little bit more, okay? And what is stopping them and then pull that from your methods that you're using. Pull that from your methodology. And then tie that to a what you've been able to accomplish and what you've done and all of that. And then tell them that you're going to walk them through step by one of the words that I love is that it's going to be step by step. I think anytime that you tell people in a webinar that it's step by step, I think that that helps connect with people. So again, also looking at different sales copy from, say, other webinars that you like, other landing pages that can really help you dial this in as far as this goes. But the biggest thing is, is that you want it to definitely be truthful as to what you're going to deliver to people. So not that I would never recommend that you claim to be able to do something that you can't do. Right, even if that's what they want. And so you do have to tie in, what you're able to do and what you're able to accomplish. Now it might look different. So like, for instance, let's just take my example. Before my business was making six and seven figures,

[1820:04] Speaker 0: I was still able to claim that I can produce eight figure results with people by tying it to the experience and the exact stories as to how I did that for others. No, not everybody. Actually, I had a lot of people who did not believe I had a lot of people telling me that I was making up the claim that I had ever helped my mom or Rick Pino produce results, a lot of doubters as far as the legitimacy of that. But there are also a lot of people that are like, okay, like that sounds like what I'm looking to do. And as I've developed over time, and my own track record, and even my own results, that trust has been built with people, but I'm always still anchoring it to the truth. If it's the truth, you don't need to worry about are they going to believe it? So that's one of the things that I always say is always anchored with the truth. Tell the truth, share the story, share whatever is going to validate it but never concern yourself about if they're going to believe that as far as that goes. On the flip side of that you need to have something that is going to at least demonstrate or validate that what you're talking about is true. Just realize and accept that not everybody is going to buy into it.

[1837:13] Denise: Right? Yeah, I have I mean my clients do go to six figure incomes that's that's something that awesome.

[1839:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So share To share how you got them there, what that process is really talk about how you got them to that stage. The wet literally the way that we got Rick Pino to make a million dollars a month was really getting good at sales, growing his email list and dialing in his offers. That's it. That was the biggest thing. And so it's about making it tangible, as to the promise that you're making, and then connecting that to the methodology. And then sharing stories. A lot of sales is stories, a lot of sales copy is stories. Facts, tell, but stories are actually what you effectively sell to people. All right. All right. Awesome.

[1853:56] Denise: Thank you.

[1854:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool. Adele, I saw your hand was raised real quickly. What's up? Is it real quick?

[1857:24] Adele Best: Yeah, Jeremiah, just off the back of that last one really quickly. Because yeah, I'm, I'm kind of like, the last person in that I want to go down the route of wealth coaching, I've decided that that's what I think my main niche, that's what I want to do. I mean, I have personally built my own business to six figures. But the problem for me is that I built a prison for myself, where I was working 80 hours a week to sustain it. So I kind of like want to sell people like, yeah, create your own course, or create your own coaching business, but, but have like automated systems that will kind of like sell your courses, you know, you know, automate a lot of the stuff that you're selling, and just keep your high ticket stuff for stuff. That's one on one or group. But the problem is, I haven't like I haven't, I don't have any results of my own. So I don't know how to do it, though. So so. So I don't really know what stories I could tell and still stay true. But

[1873:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know how to do it. Yeah, you have the knowledge you've built, you are building it yourself. One of the biggest things is documenting your own journey of doing this yourself. Yeah,

[1876:59] Adele Best: so like, when I was thinking of having an office suite, I was thinking of having like a 1k offer, which people want to buy, they just buy automatically, I'm not doing a webinar for a 1k offer. And then the same kind of thing for like, a 3k offer and then just keep webinars, so like high ticket offers, does that sink? Does that sound like a model?

[1882:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, no, because to get sales for a 1k offer with ads is really like you're not, that's not really very effective, because you gotta have like, different free offers that grow your email list to connect with. Yeah,

[1886:55] Adele Best: so I was just gonna like, because I've kind of like put together like a very simple seven step process as an entry level one kg offer. And I was just gonna, like sell it on social media with like, you know, like many chat automated to like an automated webinar. Okay, people try it, they could buy it, and then focus on my I was gonna focus on my energy of live webinars and selling like what you do,

[1893:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can totally do that. One of the things that I've seen that people do is that they start off the gate, doing a pre recorded webinar, and they've not sold live as sometimes they put a lot of energy into this webinar, and it doesn't sell. And so we'll get better by doing live webinars, because you're going to be able to really start to build that experience of that actual live interaction with people. Yeah,

[1899:59] Adele Best: so basically, like, what I'm, what I want to do is I want to package up what you've said, what you've taught us. And I kind of wanted like, my kind of angle would be I kind of want to go towards like, oh, I can't decide whether to target Christian people or not. Because on one Sundays, they really annoy me. And I'm like, it can

[1905:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: work to target Christian people as far as as far as your segmenting goes, though, it can be more profitable for you. But yeah,

[1907:39] Adele Best: but maybe it won't be profitable. And maybe we'd be people that go to church don't actually spend money. I don't know, I guess I don't know till I test it. So maybe, I think yeah,

[1909:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: just getting some people in front of you. Yeah, connecting with them, hearing their stories, hearing why they want to connect with you, because that's the other that's the other. That's a whole other flip side of again, when I'm talking about when I'm talking about like demonstrating that you're being truthful and what you can share. We can get really caught up in the weeds of that, and we neglect what do they want? What do they actually want? What is their story? What is their struggle? And so you got to make what the other person is going through, really be something that you're very curious about. You want to create a space where they can unpack what they're dealing with with you. And then you start coaching people on how Uh, go get those results as far as that goes,

[1920:37] Adele Best: Yeah, because my kind of angle is, you know, I'm a single parent, I've built a successful business, but I've built a prison for myself and I want to liberate other Hey girl, great idea, women that, you know, that's

[1923:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: a really good tangible hook right there that I think would be powerful. Yeah.

[1924:31] Adele Best: So that so that they can, you know, liberate their their time, so they have their free time to spend with their family, because my daughter's 15, I missed a lot of her growing up because I was working so well. So and that's kind of like, you know, my kind of angle. So I'm off my corporate day job. I'm off for two weeks. And I'm actually sitting here I'm trying to put all this together right now. So I'm planning on working very hard over Christmas, getting my webinar created and my ads created. And yeah, I'm just I have to start hitting the ground running in January. I have to, I have to so I'm don't think that I'm not working here. Um, one thing I will say Jeremiah, is that it's really great that you keep putting new courses out and I've, I'm watching all your courses. But I don't want to get distracted watching all the new courses and not

[1937:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: just for a reference library courses,

[1938:04] Adele Best: I might just pause. I'm not gonna learn anything more now until I've actually actioned everything. So much in there, like there's

[1940:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: no talk if you're stuck. And that's why we added the checklist to the different courses to talk implementing, and you're like, Okay, wait, what's the next step? Here? You can go refer back to a less Yeah,

[1943:13] Adele Best: no, the checklists are really, really good. And I love the way you keep adding to the program. But I just feel for me personally, I've got to stop consuming courses. And Starbucks. Absolutely. Yeah. Thank you so much. Absolutely true. Awesome. All

[1947:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. Thanks, everybody, for being here. Thanks for today. Looks like our session is going live and the other group right now it's streaming in there. So again, you'll see virtual me over there or on my Facebook page or on my profile, and then we have our q&a for the next five days, which is going to be awesome. So I'm excited. I'm excited to spend this time with everybody this week. Have a great time. All right, everybody. Thanks for being on today and we'll talk soon. Have a good one.

