CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-05-08T18:24:20.000Z
Duration: 104 min
Otter ID: owIPGfyIrEYvZMGydHfRmu_3XYU
---

[4:44] Speaker 0: Good morning.

[4:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good afternoon.

[5:13] Speaker 0: Some of y'all are timezone here. Hello, hello. Welcome, welcome

[10:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: today is our live training day today and then we will take some questions at the end of today. Next week is the

[13:02] Speaker 0: dedicated q&a week.

[14:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have a five day event this week. So you can ask questions throughout those five days as well. I try to prioritize anybody who comes into the VIP on those events, who paid for the VIP, that are not part of the accelerator first, and then we usually take accelerator members. And

[20:11] Speaker 0: after that, let me go live here in our Facebook group.

[22:36] Speaker 0: All right, I got a few things to share with you today. I'm excited about it.

[26:03] Speaker 0: mute everybody who's actually in the room here. Um, okay, so couple of things

[28:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: that can start in one direction and then go in another. So

[29:59] Speaker 1: I'm probably going to be talking about two very separate topics today that apply to two different stages of where people are at in their business. But I would recommend no matter what stage you're at, you pay attention to both of the things that we're talking about, again, if you can mute yourself.

[35:41] Speaker 0: See, we're gonna mute, mute, everybody. I'm just gonna do it where nobody can unmute themselves. Yet, there we go. Okay. All right. So just to recap, and I understand that this is

[40:00] Speaker 1: annoying that I do this at the beginning of every training. But it's important to do so because we have people that are watching recordings at different times that are that are coming in at different stages. And so just to I like to loop things back to where people can get the best information. And so I understand that if you already know this, the sounds redundant the sounds, you know, why do you need to keep saying this every single week, Jeremiah,

[47:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's helpful to the people that are not you if that's what you're feeling. And so I'm going to continue doing that. We have just finished our

[50:38] Speaker 0: time optimization course.

[51:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the lessons to that course are completed, they're in the members area, you can access them. The time optimization playbook. Right here, you can go access, if you don't know where any of the members stuff is, you go to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, you can log in, and all the recordings of the content, all the trainings that we do, they're all found here. If you don't know where that is, go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Click on Login. And you will find it right there at the top. And we have a brand new course that we just started this week called recurring membership profits. This is specifically for people who want to do recurring memberships. If that's you, that's going to be helpful for you. We're continuing, friendly follow up for one more week. And this week is going to be all about what do you do when your campaign fails doesn't work. We talked about this last week, what do you do two weeks ago? What do you do with a sharp decline in sales from a previously profitable audience?

[68:07] Speaker 1: How do you effectively follow up and then we're also going to do what do you do when just nothing's working? It's not bringing in sales, when do you pivot? And so that's what I'm actually going to be talking about as well. Today, right now, I'm not gonna be taking any questions until the end. I'm not going to even looking at the chat until at the end here. And so

[75:00] Speaker 0: you have to understand that in business campaign failure is part of the process.

[78:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I And I'm, I meet a lot of people who very much resist that fact. act very much wish it wasn't true very much believe that there are things that you can do to make that not be a reality, to where there are things that you can do to where you will never have a failing campaign in your business. And so

[85:14] Speaker 0: that's not reality in any business.

[86:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: It is not reality in the coaching or mentoring space, you will have, at some point where something that was previously working really well for you,

[90:02] Speaker 0: stops working.

[90:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or were what was a cash cow for you ends up stopping working. It's because in the coaching and mentoring space, you're not the only coach that's out there. There's other people that are out there in the marketplace. And so what you're dealing with is that, and this is a big reason why speed of getting your offers up is so important, because if you wait six to 12 months to get an offer up, I promise you 500 other coaches already surpassed you and made your offer idea that you came up with six months ago, probably close to irrelevant and not going to work anymore in the market. But one of the biggest mistakes that I see a lot of coaches make is they are trying to beat a dead horse. And they're trying to make a previous campaign come back to life and revive a dead idea that they had because of attachment to this idea. Well, this is the idea that I had a vision for making happen. And so I'm gonna make it happen. I know a very sweet lady who is striving to build a coaching business has not pivoted any of her messaging in seven years, because she has a calling to do that one idea for coaching and I'm just, I paint for her because I know if she just pivoted a little bit, she would have a flourishing business, but she is adamant that that one way of doing it is how she must do it. And it is wrong if she goes into even slightly different direction. Okay, so that's one side of it, is realize that that doesn't mean that you're a failure, it doesn't mean your vision is a failure. Anytime that we have a vision in business, we don't see the full like end picture, we don't see the full end picture, we see a little bit of what it takes to get there. I have never

[120:56] Speaker 0: worked with

[122:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: any business that was profitable long term in the coaching space that didn't have a decline in sales from their campaigns.

[125:07] Speaker 0: And so

[125:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: a you got something that you couldn't you have a couple of choices that you can do, and this happens a quit give up, go get a job, decide this isn't for me. And that's what most people do, or continue striving trying to make this dead idea keep working. That's the other thing that a lot of people do, and then they eventually quit. But there's a third option and this is the option that millionaire coaches do is they accept the fact that things are not going their way that that things are not going how they imagined it originally or that things are not going how they

[136:33] Speaker 0: used to go how they used to succeed for them, how they used to experience things and that at one time it may have worked for them

[140:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: and they become okay with the fact that you know what the market has shifted. The market has progressed I was talking with a client of ours one on one coaching client and he is in the animation space and I mentioned you know the market is shifting in that space either you can whine bitch moan and complain that AI has taken all the jobs and just be the last remnant on the hill and die on that hill or you can choose as a business owner to pivot in the direction that will be profitable for your business and adjust. We had to do this with Rick Pino with his worship coaching space so we started with worship coach, it was there it was very easy to get a lot of clients and whether you

[154:21] Speaker 0: something happened around 2000 What was it?

[156:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, run 2020 where the term that he was using around prophetic worship really resonated with people and after 2020 That language did not resonate with people. And so sales in his business, were up here and went bunk

[161:46] Speaker 0: all the way down. So choice,

[163:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: whine, bitch moan, complain, act a victim play the victim, well, it's the markets fault. It's all this remove personal responsibility or say, hey, what can I do to get ourselves back up here. And that is the activity, that A is going to be one of the scariest things that you have to do. Because here's what ends up happening right here, this now becomes your new

[169:43] Speaker 0: day one.

[170:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if you've been building a coaching business for seven to 10 to 20 years, you're probably tired of the concept of having to need a new day one. But if you haven't had success, from a campaign that is bringing in consistent, profitable six figures, or are you and your sales start to either decline, or they don't produce the sales that you want, you're going to have to against everything inside of your physical being against everything that your brain tells you should do against everything that you feel is righteous and right. Because that's actually what ends up happening at this point. I have worked with a lot of coaches at this space.

[183:37] Speaker 0: Most of them quit when things stop working. Because they are so angry that they can't have things their way. Instead of saying you know what? It's no big deal.

[189:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, what have you shifted your perspective when your campaign stopped working? And you just said, it's no big deal?

[191:00] Speaker 0: No problem. See, that's

[191:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: the attitude that I learned from my mom is that when a campaign stops working, we just say you know what, no big deal, we can always go make more money. We can always adjust our campaign, we can always make it our day one again in the market, and say, You know what, the marketplace isn't responding how they did back here, let's pivot, let's adjust. Let's tweak our offer copy, let's change part of the language that we're using, instead of getting defeated,

[199:55] Speaker 0: and beaten down.

[201:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And usually, when that happens when you when you can rise up, lick your wounds, no longer and this is why self compassion is so important. Not beating yourself up, not having self punishment. And also not blaming things outside of you, not blaming the market, not blaming those other dirty rotten scoundrel coaches that made the market no longer work, whatever you want to come up with reason or excuse as to why when you can just kind of clear your mind of all those things. And then you can start to pay attention intuitively to the market, I believe that intuition and instinct have more to do with your success as a coach or mentor in your marketing than anything else, your ability to instinctually and intuitively feel what the market wants next. Rather than operating out of a logical brain of Well, it worked before. So bless God, it better work next time, or it worked before. So I'm just gonna keep trying to make it work again, like that's a logical brain type of thinking, when you learn to let go of that. And what I love to do is I love a practice where for me to do this, as I have to take time to disconnect from trying to make my business work. Spend some time for me, this is what works. I'm just sharing what works for me, meditation. Breathing, what I do is a very simple practice I posted on my social media, as I will sit down and this happens on even on a daily basis or a weekly basis is I will sit down and I will breathe in and out and I will pay attention to the breath rising and falling in my lungs

[232:03] Speaker 0: so that I'm not attached in

[232:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: my brain to all the crap that isn't going my way. And then what I'll do is I'll notice when I have a thought that comes up, usually some kind of disappointment, something that I'm upset about something that's not going my way something that I'm trying to change. I'll just notice that thought but I won't try to grab on to it. And this is called noting if you understand I'm not going to teach a course on meditation or anything like that. That's not That's not what I teach this program is specifically to help you get more clients in your coaching business, I'm sure there's a lot more better qualified people that are coaches in this program that can teach what I'm trying to share with you right now. So please just understand that what I'm sharing is a very baseline level. And I don't claim to be an expert in meditation whatsoever. But when I look at and note, the thought as it goes by, and I don't grab onto it, and I don't need to control it, change it, adjust it, make it go my way, make it submit to My will. And I just learned to find the inner peace inside of myself of relaxing,

[250:37] Speaker 0: being calm in the midst of things going against how they need to go in my business,

[252:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got bills to pay. When this happened with Rick Pino, he had lots of bills to pay, and loans and things like that, you want to know what we did, we pivoted in the direction by running a survey to his audience and asking what their biggest questions were, do you wanna know what ended up happening 75% of his entire email list wanted to know about songwriting.

[258:21] Speaker 0: And so the next month we pivoted away from,

[259:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: even though it was quote, unquote, his calling of discipling people in prophetic worship. That and by the way, we got nasty emails from people for doing this saying that he walked away from what God called them to do all of that, but pivoted towards songwriting as a niche, and immediately that brought in $400,000 in sales in one month. And then the next month, and the next month, and for over a year and a half, being willing to say, Okay, this worked before.

[268:21] Speaker 0: It's not working anymore. We

[268:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: can either complain, whine, be upset, go to warfare against it, be angry that it's not working, or say, hey, you know what, it's no big deal. Let's just figure out what the market wants more. And see, that's the thing that you need to pay attention to. It's not about what you want. It's about what the market wants, what people want, what your clients want, what your coaching clients want. So you may have a message that can help people. But if people directly are not asking for it in the way that you describe it, they are not explicitly saying this is what I want see, 75% of his market, didn't want the very thing he was selling, even though this is what he wanted to give them. Even though this is what he was the best at.

[281:47] Speaker 0: Pivoting in this direction, by the way. Rick wasn't the world's greatest songwriter, he either.

[283:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: He had worked with better songwriters than himself, but he could mentor people on how to write songs, and how to get them out to people and this that pivot from this direction that happened at the beginning of 2021. January 2021. I remember it. It was a hard it was a it was a hard time we were seeing, okay, seven figure success, seven

[290:17] Speaker 0: figures. And then boom,

[291:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: we had like a, like a 20 30k month. That's that's a 70% decline, right there. So the pivot was okay, what does the market want? What do they desire, even if it goes against what you're what you started with? Even if you started with this idea, being willing to detach from needing to control things, and being willing to listen to the market, what do they want? What do they desire and giving it to them? That produces a business that then scaled up to over $1 million

[302:53] Speaker 0: a month, eight figures. So he could have either stayed in this lane, complained, made

[305:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: 20,000 This month than 10,000, the next month and then probably 5000, and then had to shut everything down and close his doors and go back to doing what he always did, as most coaches do, or accept that that was his reality.

[310:31] Speaker 0: And this and I ended

[310:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: up walking him through this whole process because we had we had to do the same thing with my mom's business. She started teaching WordPress, teaching social media content, we ended up pivoting towards Facebook ads, and then we ended up pivoting towards membership models and then we she ended up pivoting her business to the stock market.

[317:26] Speaker 0: Now these are all separated by 18 to 24 months, these different pivots but do you see how

[320:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: You might have to adjust things in a direction that is more profitable for you. And instead of sitting around justifying your victim mentality, I know that that sounds harsh. But if Rick stayed over here, if my mom continued to just teach WordPress, I see coaches do this all the time, they continue doing the thing they started with, because, bless God, if I moved to another direction, that means I'm a failure. This thinking that we can't move or it means that we are a failure, that we can't adjust lanes that the one we started with, we must stick with

[331:22] Speaker 0: this thinking will keep you broke,

[332:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: be willing to adjust and pivot and move in a different direction towards what is most profitable for you. And when you listen to the market, when you listen to what people actually want, the feedback loop is the most important part in your business. What do people actually want creating a mechanism where people have an opportunity to tell you at scale, what they want, and what they desire, and you pay attention to what they say, even if it is not the thing that you are the best at, even if it's not the thing that you originally had the vision to start your business around. But you adjust your coaching, you adjust your offers, you adjust the hook that you get clients with around what people are actually asking for.

[345:38] Speaker 0: That's how you revive a dead campaign. Now some of you might be saying, well, that's just a lot of work. That's just too much work.

[349:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I understand that, and I and I feel for that, you know, because like if you go to a job, and you stay at that job, see everything in our society teaches us do not do the right action once and it'll just pay you forever. Go Go Go work a job, stay there, retire, get to retirement do that. If that's the path you want, go to corporate go work, a corporate job in business business doesn't work that way. Because the marketplace decides what your value is. And what it wants may not be what you want to give it. And you might need to shift and adjust in the direction of what the marketplace actually wants, even if you don't agree with what they want. And you might need to lay down your own pride and your own need to make things work how you thought it would to pivot in the direction of what is actually profitable for you and your business. And so I'm going to be going over this some more. This week in the friendly follow up course. And I'm just I'm passionate about this, how I've shared this with you this morning was a very raw, unedited, uncut way of sharing this. How I said a few things might have come across as mean or rude, I do apologize if that upsets you or or offended you here today. But I don't want to see you give up just because a campaign didn't

[373:29] Speaker 0: work. I see it way too often.

[375:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what I see way too often is that a coach will take six to 12 to 24 months to even launch one idea. Because they're trying so hard to make it perfect. They're trying so hard to perfect it. And the marketplace doesn't even want the thing that they launched because they haven't tested it out. Because they haven't tried it out. How do you test things out? You launch offers? And you look at who signs up for them? What feedback do you get what people are actually wanting from you and you pivot in that direction.

[385:36] Speaker 0: Now the other thing is, is that you have to begin to make bold promises. And this is for everybody here.

[388:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: bold promises as to the outcome that somebody can experience if you can start doing this in your business.

[391:02] Speaker 0: It'll shift everything for you.

[391:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, coaches and mentors. We are spending so much time in the weeds of our process of how we do things of how we accomplish things that we actually lose sight of what is the end outcome that somebody wants, and the other side of it is

[398:31] Speaker 0: especially if you're a person of integrity If you want

[400:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: to make your marketing match the result that people actually get, imagine that only 1% of your clients, or 5% of your clients gets a result that you promised as a promised outcome.

[405:11] Speaker 0: You need to lead with that outcome in your offer, even if 95% of the people who come into your ecosystem never reach that goal, that

[409:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: ultimate dream outcome that somebody has, and we want to extrapolate this out much further than just the activities that they're going to be doing while they're a coach with you.

[412:31] Speaker 0: The way that I do this in my business is launch and scale a six figure group coaching offer, okay? That's a

[415:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: promise that I'm going to show you how to launch and scale a six figure group coaching offer. Now I know that it takes testing.

[418:16] Speaker 0: And it also takes

[419:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: accountability and support and coaching and guidance and help for people to reach that six figure level with their offers. But that does not mean that now I'm going to change the language of my offer to say, I'm going to show you how to build a funnel so that maybe one day you could hope to possibly be in the 1% of the people that we reach.

[425:36] Speaker 0: Some of you would try to sell your coaching that way to where to where you would avoid

[428:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: promising some kind of an outcome with your offer. Because not everybody reaches that outcome.

[430:20] Speaker 0: And that's hurting you and your business that's hurting you with your offers.

[431:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, 100% of every single person who works with my mom's stocks community 100% of each person who works with Rick Pino and goes through one of his offers, let's just take a look at

[435:42] Speaker 0: one of these offers right here. They are not going

[437:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: to become a multimillionaire stock trader or a Grammy Award winning music artists. But that doesn't mean that we're not going to sell that dream, to potential prospects, and boldly and courageously promise a path to that outcome. And so when you start boldly and courageously being willing to say this is a path to help you get to where you want to go, right here, and you can mention in there, you know, listen, only about 1% of people who actually go through this path actually get there because most people give up. I say that all the time. I'm very transparent about those numbers with people, when I'm actually doing my sales pitch. When I'm actually doing my offer. The truth is that any given campaign that I run, only about 50% of the people who actually sign up for a free offer, are even going to listen to you for the first 10 minutes, and only about 30% are going to listen to the whole thing. So if 30% of the people

[454:33] Speaker 0: hear you, and you promised an outcome in your offer, the ones who didn't get

[456:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: all the way through, they're not going to go to the end with you anyways. So you have to learn to identify what is the result and outcome that I can help my clients do. And this is a juxtaposition around what's actually going to help you as a coach, I talked about letting go of control, letting go of needing to make the outcome go your way and being attached to a certain result and a certain outcome for yourself and your business that's very healthy. In marketing, you need to anchor every one of your prospects to a desired outcome that they have. Because otherwise, there's no direction for them to aim towards. They're just basically shooting darts in multiple different ways. They have no clarity as to where they're actually headed. And so that desired outcome is based off of what the market says that they want. Now we actually put together and it's been working really well. I've been updating and teaching and some of the different free trainings that we've done in the chat GPT prompt. Okay, in the chat GPT prompt document. We have some prompts right here and I'm going to copy them. You can always access this document by the way, two different ways you can go to Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash chat GPT and just download it real quick right there. I'm already on your email list. Jeremiah can actually still get it Yes, of course. You can always just opt in with any email address and go grab it right here to grab the prompt document. It's also found in the members area in the chat GPT prompt Academy. Okay, so in the members area chat GPT prompt Academy

[484:50] Speaker 1: you will find a link at the top to the document right here. This is a course where I break down using reverse engineering creating advanced prompts, things like that. So the prompt that we're using that's working really well is called the outcome results generator.

[490:47] Speaker 0: results

[492:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: here it is outcome results generator.

[492:37] Speaker 0: So it's a two step to prompt process.

[494:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what I like to do is I'll filter through the same process that we've walked you through 110 times already about building out a sales page, whatever that sales page is identifying the pain points, the Epiphany, bridge generating sales page, but then this is where you say what is the ultimate outcome of somebody who works with the coach from the end, it has here a type of offer. And you can either fill that in or just leave it how that is, imagine some outcomes for who the target customer is create a fictional narrative for what they may be some potential future results, and get really specific about the changes and results that may occur. Even if you have no proof of these things, generate some fictional ideas of what someone might experience. And what's funny is Chuck GPT actually has a very hard time doing it even with that prompt, because it's resisting, generating ideas like that. It's very resistant to doing so.

[511:00] Speaker 0: Okay. And so in this,

[512:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: if we just take this right here, and we type this in right here, it's going to generate a potential possible outcome.

[516:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or somebody who has a salon, who goes through a training and what their end outcome might look like, okay, social media presence explodes. So this gives you ideas of hooks that you could actually use for your offers, different things like that. But then we have the second version that says, Can you dive deeper into the outcome and explain what the type of person mentioned above was able to accomplish and achieve as a result. So what we're telling GPT to do is give us an outcome, and then tell us what they did next. And what they experienced, really dig deep into the future outcome and cast vision for the future life experience and achievements that they will have. And so what we're doing is we're seeing in chat GPT we're able to go in here. This talks about creating a clientele, but it's really fun when you type this in, and it goes about how their life was transformed. They had a thriving business, they now have financial freedom, she was able to pay off her mortgage. See, this is the vision that you need to go into. This is the ultimate vision that your that your clients will have whatever you coach people in, is think about you want to extrapolate it out like this is let's say that somebody has a dog grooming business, would you ever think to mark it as to how to pay off their mortgage as a hook for a dog groomer, and actually would be a great hook. How you could pay off your mortgage, doing what you love as a dog groomer. That hook right there could attract the person who was willing to take it that far because you're casting vision for everything in between the outcome and where they're at. And so now this gives you ideas that you can use chat GPT to come up with ideas for what those outcomes are and then what you do is you can take that into your sales copy. And we reverse engineer that back into the sales copy we tell it to write a sales letter based off of those specific outcomes and it puts it into the offer we have it you know generate 20 possible titles for a free webinar based on the above outcomes and results

[552:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alicia dog grooming business attract the right clients positively transformed your dog salon, The Ultimate Guide to a thriving business furry profits proven strategies. The canine makeover masterclass. So these are all great ideas that then could be offer ideas that you can put out there, if it's specifically about marketing for a dog grooming business. So you can take these prompts and apply them to whatever business model you have to whatever niche that you're in and be able to extrapolate out the outcome and result that you deliver. Now, again, it might only be one to 5% of your clients actually get that outcome. But you need to attach, and you need to boldly and courageously say, Hey, listen, if you go through this training with me, I'm going to take you on a path

[564:33] Speaker 0: that will lead you to this outcome.

[565:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you need to courageously do that. Even if not everybody reaches that goal, you don't have control over other people. You don't have the ability to force and make other people do what they what they should. But what you do is you have a responsibility to at least present the opportunity for what is possible with people and communicate the ultimate final goal that they want to get to and then build your offer from there to where you go,

[573:28] Speaker 0: problem that they're dealing with the problem that they're struggling with. And you lead problem to not just solution, but outcome.

[578:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you attach that into your sales copy. Where I see a lot of people make the mistake is that they end up talking about everything in between the problem and the outcome, or the problem and the solution and the outcome, or they're talking way too much about the solutions they offer. Nobody cares about your solution. I don't mean that to sound harsh. I don't mean that to sound like like a jerk that nobody cares. I'm sure people that go through it do care. But when they haven't met you, they just care selfishly about, is this going to get me the result that I want? Is this going to give me

[586:44] Speaker 0: what I want. That's all people care about?

[588:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is this going to get me to the finish line. And here's where I'm stuck. And when you communicate in your copy, problem, and end result outcome, are you somebody with this problem who wants to get here, I can help. And that becomes your sales copy. Not I do this, and this is how we do it. And this is our process. And we take 10 weeks to do this. And we've done this, and this is how it's happened. And this is how it works. And this, nobody cares about that when you mark it on Facebook ads, when you mark it on Twitter. Now they may want to dive deeper and you can talk about that in your sales presentation, you can break down those features. But you don't want to lead with that you want to lead with telling the story of your prospect

[600:04] Speaker 0: to them, of what is possible for them. And you have to do so with confidence. I'm looking at some notes that I wrote here, I got this little Macbook Air.

[605:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's been a game changer for me because I can actually, I have another computer upstairs, I can actually connect to the computer that I'm on right here.

[607:33] Speaker 0: And still use this one. So I put a lot of notes on it.

[608:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lot of what I've talked about right now may sound very cringy to a number of you may sound very much not your personality, the idea of exuding confidence for confidence sake, in order to courageously point people to an outcome may go against everything you say, even stand

[614:22] Speaker 0: for as a person.

[615:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if that's the case, I would encourage you that that's a limiting belief that is stopping you from succeeding.

[617:24] Speaker 0: That if the idea of confidently promising an outcome to somebody is cringe,

[619:29] Speaker 0: not something you're willing to do. And you want to know how to build a business without doing that.

[621:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would actually ask you to explore where you came up with that belief system and which and which coach or mentor or salesperson.

[625:17] Speaker 0: You've judged in your life

[628:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: because that's ultimately what it comes from, is if we look at what I've just talked about, and we say I can't do this, I won't do this.

[630:04] Speaker 0: It's wrong. It's unethical.

[630:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a terrible thing to do. I can't because I saw somebody was saying you know, confidence equals a con man and so I don't want to be a con man or a con woman. And so the judgment that you have towards successful business owners who have successfully sold and made more money is creating a block and a limiting belief that is actually stopping you from from reaching the goals that you have

[639:56] Speaker 0: and then This was a revelation that I had to come to about five, six years ago was I was constantly being critical of everybody. In my life.

[644:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was constantly being critical of every everything going on in my life.

[645:55] Speaker 0: Well, look what they're doing. They're not doing that right? Well look at them. They're they're a scammer. Look at them. They're,

[648:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're unethical. How often do you do? I just want to I just want to I just want to have a candid conversation with you real quick. How often do you find yourself and I want you to start to catch yourself doing this. Because this is not just

[652:09] Speaker 0: something that I say flippantly. This is, this has everything to do with your ability to sell in your business.

[655:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: How often do you find yourself looking at what other people are doing, and pointing out what they're wrong, or noticing where they're wrong. or spending time looking at what other people are doing wrong, or spend time noting or saying they're wrong, they're wrong, that's wrong, that's wrong. I was doing this myself. And it was one of the biggest limiters in my business.

[663:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have a limited amount of energy, every single day, every single week, every single month, every single year. It's called 24 hours 365. And however many hours you sleep, and then whatever time you fit into there. And I talk a lot about getting the most out of that in the time optimization playbook. One thing though, that I didn't talk about so much was this topic here. And I would hope that if you can understand it, and if you can grab on to it, you start to realize that the amount of energy and focus, that being critical of what other people are doing wrong, takes away from you to be able to accomplish the things that you're called to do is astronomical. You might say, well, it's just for fun. It's just fun. I just I just know that. It's not just for fun, if you are always looking at what others are doing wrong.

[679:57] Speaker 0: And criticizing, then you are also

[681:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably, and I'm just saying this from my own experience, criticizing yourself now devil's advocate, you might say in Jeremiah, and that what you're doing to us right now, ain't that what you're doing to us right now. As a coach, as a mentor, we actually get paid to point out what people are not doing. That's right.

[687:24] Speaker 0: In a coaching atmosphere, people actually expect that you point out what isn't working.

[689:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does that make sense? And so as coaches as mentors, we can fall into the trap of doing that in every aspect of our life. And especially ourselves, criticizing what we shouldn't do based on what we saw other people doing and saying, I will never do that, I will never be that way I could never do that I won't do that. I won't go down that path. Those people are bad, these people are okay. And we end up defining things as good and bad, and operating out of this hyper critical lens of what should be done. Because we're so smart, and we know what should be done. And we're pointing out what everybody's doing wrong. We're pointing out what everybody shouldn't do over here should do over here. And as a coach, and as a mentor, it's super easy to slip into that because our entire business is built on being able to point out very clearly what people are doing that are not helping them. Okay, so you'll notice a lot of the stuff that I teach is about, I'm just going to backup here and pause. A lot of what I teach is about holding two very conflicting ideas in your mind at one time when you can learn to do that. And you don't try to argue for either one, but you realize that in this space of coaching, when you're in a coaching environment, it's okay to point out in, in your own personal development and personally looking at your business and looking at what everybody else is doing wrong to be so hypercritical is actually a major detriment to your ability to make the kind of money that you want to make in your business. And so being able to hold those two seemingly opposing whose ideas in your mind at one time will make you a lot of money, being able to shift into these different roles where you're not always hypercritical, and I used to hear people say this, oh, they're, you know, it's amazing them as a coach that the same as how they are on stage.

[725:48] Speaker 0: There's so real Oh, actually, I

[726:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't want my friends that I hang out with, to constantly be pointing out what I need to do right in my life that I'm doing wrong. It's just not fun. It's not healthy. Nobody likes to be around somebody like that. And it's just a waste of time and energy, constantly trying to defend ourselves. And I grew up in a household where it was adversarial. In my household, it was always everything was wrong that we were doing. And we had to prove ourselves to my mother, we had to prove ourselves to my dad, and nothing we could do was ever good enough. And you know, looking back, I've talked to my mom. And if she had to do it differently, she wouldn't have done it that way, at all. And so many of us might have even grown up in environments where that was the norm, maybe your friendships are all built on pointing out what each other is doing wrong. In an effort to write. iron sharpens iron, raising each other up, that's not actually an effective way of doing that. By criticizing each other, there is a better way. And it comes by edifying and encouraging. And saying, hey, you know what, there's a better way to do this. Do you want to know what that better way is? Have you thought about possibly doing this a better way, and being intentional to actually retrain your brain, I've had to retrain my hypercritical brain, and I'm not perfect at it. I I've had some people when I've said this, they point out, Hey, you were critical over there. Okay, I'm human, I am not perfect and never claimed to be.

[752:01] Speaker 0: But I've had to retrain my brain

[752:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: to not look at what everybody's doing wrong all the time and see the possibilities. And when and when you're marketing in your business, and as a coach, this is actually a more effective way of coaching as well as that you're not pointing out what people are doing wrong, but rather, what the possibility in their life could be. And you end up casting vision for that possibility. And you end up doing the same thing in your own life. And so one of the big ways that we end up being critical of other people, how does this all matter to your sales, right? Is if you have judged other salespeople, other marketers, other coaches, as well, they did that that's wrong, I'm not going to do that. That becomes a limiter, to your ability to grow and reach your goals and reach where you want to go as a coach in your business. Because you're operating from this framework of always staying below the line of your judgment, always staying below the line, and saying, Well, I can't cross that line, because that line goes against my values. And I've heard a lot of people say that now having values is important. Having conviction is important. What I have found, though, frequently is that coaches, mentors, trainers and speakers, they hold certain convictions and values about sales and marketing, that are very much going to keep them broke. They're very much going to keep them playing small because of judgments that they made and so when you can learn a to release those judgments, to forgive whoever hurt you, especially if you've been scammed before, especially if you've had coaches con you or sales people pressure you into doing things that you might think well, I just I'm never gonna be the way they are. Listen, I'm not asking you to be the way they are. I'm not asking you to I never I did you hear me once say that you need to now manipulate con and scam people. No, I

[788:09] Speaker 0: never said that. If that's what you heard, I apologize. There might be a projection of just your own experience, if that's what you heard me say. That's not what I meant at all.

[793:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do not go out there and scam people. Do not go out there and steal money from people do not go out there and defraud people. Your judgments that you have about salespeople may stop you from doing the very thing that is the most authentic for you and your business. And when you can learn to release those. And you can realize that when you show up with confidence that fully believes in your ability to deal Never an outcome to somebody. Even if you've only helped one person do it before, even if you're just learning how to do it, when my mom launched her stocks business, she had only been trading stocks for six months, teaching the stock market, she brought in a coach alongside of her to help. So she can be there sat around for two years, so I'm not qualified enough to teach this, I'm not qualified enough to promise that I can help people with this, or she went out there and has made millions of dollars both in the stock market and coaching people with stocks. And yet, I see so many coaches, thinking, Oh, I could never do that, I need to make sure that I'm an I'm a perfect expert in this topic, before I even talked about it. I need to make sure that I know all of the angles about this topic before I even make a webinar about that topic.

[816:27] Speaker 0: You don't need to be an expert, this almighty top know everything expert, to be able to sell and learning how to attract customers to your business. And then sell them on the dream and the outcome. That's how coaching businesses make six, seven and eight figures.

[824:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so the whole reason why we launched virtual events, and we put offers out there, and we're trying to attract people with our social media content and our and our advertising campaigns and our offers, is to listen to what the marketplace wants.

[828:16] Speaker 0: And sell to people the result and outcome that they desire the most. So what we have to do is we have to look at what internally is stopping me from being able to do this.

[834:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is it self judgment? Is it self criticism? Are we afraid of how other people will respond? Are we afraid of how other people might react? Are we afraid of not being able to perfectly answer every question people have? I can't answer every question people asked me about marketing I can I can answer a lot of questions. But that happened over time. I didn't wait until I had all the answers to start talking about the things that I talk about. We have to break up with this, this belief that we have to have it all figured out. Before we start that we have to have all the answers. And maybe you've judged somebody who didn't have the answer as somebody who lacked integrity, because they sold something that they didn't have all the answers to. Is that judgment helping you in your business? Is that judgment serving you to make the kind of money that you want to make? I don't think it is.

[851:56] Speaker 0: It could be I don't think it is though. And so

[853:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: listen, I know that like today doesn't sound like it's not a super rah rah, encouraging thing. So I'm gonna end it just on an encouraging note. And then I'm going to take some questions. I believe that every single one of you can make six figures in a coaching business, every single one of you can make seven figures. But what's going on as we have these levels, that we limit ourselves because of how we have judged certain things. And because we become so attached to needing things to go a certain way. When a campaign fails, we end up beating ourselves up over it, we ended up getting angry getting upset instead of saying what can I learn from this? How can I pivot in a direction that's more profitable, even if I don't know everything about that topic? So yeah, there's a lot of coaches here that are in this group, that you've done the feedback loop, and your audience has told you, I really want this but you're not an expert on that topic. But they really want to, I would encourage you to start marketing that topic that maybe you're not an ultimate expert on. But you could at least help people with the beginning stages of it as you learn more about that topic. Because that's what people are willing to make an investment into. I talked about this with with Erica best surah. You know, she talks about publishing with confidence using AI to help authors. Ultimately, these authors want to know how to get their books read and marketed and so boldly, even promising going deeper into Okay, not just how to write a book, but how to get readers to your book. Is she an expert at that actually, she has gotten quite a few readers in a book, but does she feel like she's the ultimate marketing expert. She's Hold me. No, not entirely, but I believe that that path would be the most profitable path for her coaching offer. And so in that it's going to take that risk of stepping out, being willing to launch an offer imperfectly, even before you have all the answers. Now, listen, be transparent. Be honest about what you know. 100% Did you know that people would rather see this is there's this lie in our culture, that if I don't have all the answers, people won't trust me actually, people no longer really trust people like that anymore. People would rather trust you if you said, I don't have the answer on this right here. But I know how to do this. And I can direct you to somebody who does. How do I know that? Because that's how I do it. That's what I do. That's what my mom does. That's what Rick Pitino has done. That's what the best coaches, teachers and mentors, they're actually willing to admit when they don't have the answer. And they're okay with not having all the answers. And that they can either direct somebody to somebody who does have the answer, I am so willing to direct somebody to a book, or something or other authors, authors or other mentors or other people who have answers that I don't have. One of the best books about what I'm talking about with you right now.

[901:51] Speaker 0: That's way better than I could probably teach it is the big leap by Gay Hendricks,

[903:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: conquer your inner fear and take your life to the next level. I've read this book probably 15 to 20 times. And it's all about breaking past. What are those upper limits? He calls it the upper limit problem. And what it what did was it actually came out of his coaching sessions that he did with billionaire Michael Dell, creator of the Dell Computer Company. And what was stopping Michael Dell from reaching his goals? He said, No, it doesn't matter whether you're a six figure earner or a billionaire, we all have what's called an upper limit problem that is stopping us from getting to the next level that we want to get to. And what it is, is it's a big leap, it's some kind of a fear that we need to conquer that's going to take us to that level that fear could be and he breaks down in the book is the four layers of the different types of fear. The fear can be defined as

[918:32] Speaker 0: you haven't on here.

[919:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: The reviews are great too, because half the reviews say the book is just utter garbage and the worst book on the planet, which is funny. But it's I think it's one of the best books that's out there. I'll just I'll just share with you what one of my fears was and then we'll take some questions. When I read the book, one of my fears was the fear about of out outshining others, because I was always told my whole life to not be a showboat and to not and so I've actually held back a lot of what I can share with people, because I didn't want people to feel threatened. Then the other one was the fear of, of being disloyal to people that have gotten you to where you want to be that moving on from okay, maybe I started over here with this group of people. And now I'm pivoting to this direction, and I'm leaving them behind the fear of moving towards your next level in your life because of who might be left behind. Those are just two of the four that he talks about in the book, those were two that I really dealt with. And this book is just absolutely incredible. I highly recommend it to not just read it, but actually apply it in your life. And not let beliefs that you have in your head stop you from selling and making the kind of money that you want to make in your business. When it comes to sales. When it comes to you closing sales, when it comes to you doing a presentation. When it comes to you making your offers work. The sales copy the words you say all of that matter. But it comes from in here. And it comes from what's up here. And it comes from the beliefs that we have. And so if we have a belief that I can't cross that line of being too much, quote, unquote, when I sell then you will hold back. And when you hold back that looks like you're insecure and nobody wants to buy from somebody who's insecure. And so all of this is systemic, in the process of everything that we teach in this program, of working on what's between your two ears, so that you can show up as confident as possible to close as much sales and business as you possibly ever could.

[954:18] Speaker 0: All right. So I'm gonna take some questions here. Anybody want to raise your hand and ask some questions? No. Deborah Scott

[959:30] Speaker 0: Oh, yeah, I got it. allow you to unmute yourself. They don't ever Scott.

[962:47] Speaker 2: Okay, so I think I'm one of my things that I'm trying to work through. And maybe you have a quickie answer. For me. It is what is proper etiquette? Like, let's take the dog grooming concept. Let's say you're a dog groomer, and you want to start your dog grooming business. But you're in like three different dog grooming groups on Facebook. Is it proper for you to like, allow their stuff to help build up what you want to take into your own business? Or is that like taboo? Because I, I'm trying to work that way through. I think that's one of my stopping places like, I, I start to go on a direction like, oh, maybe I should do this. And then I'm like, Well, I don't need to do this. They're covering that. So I find myself like spinning in circles, or somebody else is

[976:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing because you think you got to be you can't do what somebody else is already doing. Or the idea that they had.

[978:34] Speaker 2: I don't want to be I think the word was dishonouring to them. Or undercutting, maybe undercutting them if I'm going out to do something that they're already doing, and I'm in their group. It's like an advocate type thing.

[983:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if that's if that's your if that's your standard and your belief, then yeah, then don't do

[984:48] Speaker 0: it. Well, I

[985:36] Speaker 2: want to know if that's

[986:32] Speaker 0: how do I say this?

[988:12] Speaker 2: If there is a limiting belief, I don't want to live in that place anymore. Okay. So what you're saying, what you're what I'm hearing you say or what I think I'm hearing you say is, if that's yours, have at it. But I'm asking. I'm asking because

[993:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's what you actually know what's the language that you use those shows that you believe that it is dishonouring and undercutting?

[996:47] Speaker 2: That's my concern. Yes. I'll be honest,

[997:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: do you believe that it's dishonouring. And undercutting, I would never ask you to do something that's dishonouring. And undercutting?

[999:25] Speaker 2: Oh, well, can you give me a different language? I mean, do people do that? Do people let's say, let's just stick with the dog grooming one that's safe place for me. So I'm a dog groomer. And I want to start my own business. But I'm in three other groups. Is it appropriate for me to just go off and start my own thing?

[1006:26] Speaker 0: I think so. I don't see why it wouldn't be. Okay. Yeah,

[1007:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't see I also don't I don't fully see how that's undercutting or dishonouring somebody else. There's millions of people in the world. And a business like in the niche of dog grooming. There's no like limit as to how many people could start that business just because you're most people who start businesses do so because they had a friend who did the same business. Now, that's what's funny is a lot of friendships end up ending because the friend competed with the other friend.

[1015:45] Speaker 2: Maybe that's the key for me. Because I've seen that happen in ministry. I've seen. I've seen people instead of like being willing to work and thinking that they're advancing the kingdom, they get all caught up in competition.

[1020:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I wouldn't be caught up in competition. I also really wouldn't. Again, this is why I don't really do the whole kingdom business thing. I think that there's room for everybody to have different businesses and have the same business niche. So just because somebody else has

[1025:13] Speaker 2: a certain need to hear that. Yeah, you know, just had a very logical practical, like, we say tractor, there's a gazillion of them, but he does his thing. And he's, you know, oh, sorry.

[1029:16] Speaker 0: My apologies lag.

[1030:47] Speaker 2: So, but but he's also not, you know, there's no competition with these contractors. They are just trying to get out there to help people fix their houses. Yeah, no, it's more their business more

[1034:46] Speaker 0: competition. With um,

[1036:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can tell you a lot of stories about it's usually the person who they're gonna come after you and say, Hey, you copied my idea and did all this. Honestly, that's a very insecure person, and I wouldn't. I've known people like that. I don't think it's dishonouring or undercutting at all, to be inspired by an idea that you see somebody else doing and then start your own business at all. I tell a lot of people in this group right here, if you want to literally teach a business that shows people how to do everything that I teach, you could go through my classes and start your own company, teaching the stuff that I've taught, because none of it is really quote unquote, original. I've gotten a lot of it by just observing what other marketers have done reading different books. That's why I recommend these different different books, to you know, what makes me unique is my way of connecting with people listening and knowing what my audience wants and connects with. And so but I don't, I don't think that it's undercutting or dishonor dishonouring at all to do that, I would never ask you to do something that would be that.

[1053:04] Speaker 0: So Well,

[1053:17] Speaker 2: I appreciate you saying that to me. And I have actually thought about sharing, like learning from you and putting it into my own language and putting it out there. Yeah, because you've invited us to do that. Now you literally said, Hey, guys, multiply what

[1057:59] Speaker 0: you know. You know, who also invites people to do that Tony Robbins does.

[1060:46] Speaker 2: Right, Tony Robbins,

[1060:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I was like, you know, this guy is one of the most successful coaches in the world. And he invites people to do that. And so, for me, I want my message and methodologies to get out to as many people as possible.

[1064:32] Speaker 0: And so right. multiplied. I'm not

[1065:49] Speaker 2: I thank you for just, yeah, yeah, just this conversation is just breaking down another barrier, like every time, you know, each time I'm working on these things. So thank you so much.

[1069:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right, Michelle.

[1070:55] Speaker 0: Hello, hello.

[1071:25] Speaker 3: I'm gonna turn my music off. I am questioning from what you did this weekend to do you do all your own tech? It seems like you do.

[1074:01] Speaker 0: And I do. Yeah. I'm looking to not do so soon.

[1076:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: But yeah, I do. It's funny, because I got my start doing video anyways. And so you might need to have somebody who helps you with some of the tech stuff. My mom does all her own stuff, though. And I mean,

[1079:55] Speaker 3: I think it's doable. I just need zoom. Yeah. Okay. And I just saw, I'm zoomed today that you can hook to YouTube. So if I do a group, and before I did, I'm on Zoom, and I hooked it to Facebook. What is there any value to hooking it to YouTube to gain another audience? Where are you at with that?

[1085:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if it's a free training, I would push it to YouTube as well. But I try to have a limited time where people have to watch the free training, if they have to opt into it. That way people actually watch it. You know, I got I looked through, I got people, they bought the VIP to like 15 of my last virtual events. They're still not here in this program. But they keep signing up to all the VIPs. They actually give me stats as to how much of the recordings they've watched. I haven't watched a single video. I'm just like, okay, but like they get the they get the satisfaction of knowing that they have it if they want to. Yeah, so And sometimes

[1095:44] Speaker 3: I have another coach, I'll just join things to kind of see what she's changing totally. Yeah, that's, that's

[1097:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: why again, if we break down, okay, only 5% of people get a result? Well, part of that the half of those people could just be they like having an archive of trainings, they're not really wanting the results either. And that doesn't mean we can't promise it to people. Okay, and then

[1101:39] Speaker 3: your five day training? How did you pick the days and times that you're going to do it? And how long are they

[1103:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: based on my schedule of what's convenient to me?

[1104:29] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's purely based on self convenience. Um, when I pick dates and times on stuff like that, you know, I found that I actually had more people showing up in the afternoon than the evening I thought more would show up in the evening. I but actually found my audience a lot of people like the evening as family time. Versus I have another client who he does spiritual training, a lot of people will he'll get more people on at night than in the afternoon for that. So that also has to do with just your audience and how they show up, depending on what your what your market is. But I do a base now on my own personal convenience. And I think that that's really a standard that actually should be set is that when you're trying to map out when to do sessions, I wouldn't really bend over backwards to try to do you like what works best for everybody else? Sure.

[1117:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would do what works best for you. Yeah,

[1118:32] Speaker 3: okay. Sounds great. That's it. Thank you, sir.

[1119:08] Speaker 0: All right, Elizabeth. Well, all's good morning.

[1121:10] Speaker 4: Would you simply articulate? You said there are two opposing ideas that we need to embrace or hold together? Could you articulate what those were again? Simply I kind of got lost that section.

[1124:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't remember what I had said, Okay. At the time when I talk, I'm like, I'm in a flow state.

[1126:18] Speaker 4: I know you're in here preaching from the mount. Audit. All right, all,

[1127:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: but what I said a lot of the stuff that I teach is oh, I certainly come back to me, is there are two opposing ideas. So one of them is like, learning to like when you're coaching somebody being willing to point out, okay, this is an area that maybe you could improve on things like that. Um, now, I know, in conversations that we've had, I know, you have a little bit of a different approach to how you coach as well. And for me, for example, Elizabeth in my in this business and client, really sorry, if I didn't point out, okay, that marketing probably isn't going to work. I wouldn't be serving people in this group very well. Yeah, it's a really

[1138:58] Speaker 4: different market. And you've got it.

[1139:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So you got to figure out what your market is. But at the same time, if I go into my daily life, and I'm just pointing out what everybody's doing wrong, my wife and my friends and all that, like nobody, like, that's not fun for anybody, right. And that's just not a way to build relationships. And so, but I found myself being in the coaching industry for so long. And naturally, I became hypercritical of just everything around me all the time. 24/7. And I always wondered why nobody wanted to be around me. And then when it was funny, as I noticed, other coaches do the same thing. And then I noticed, like, as they grow as people and get better, as a coach, they ended up stopping doing that. And I was like, Okay, I'm observing this pattern, I observed patterns from like, experts, and people and all that all the time is this pattern of, okay, we don't like it just is not healthy, to always look at what everybody's doing wrong in our life. But as a coach, we do sometimes need to point out, okay, this isn't working, that's not working. So those might be two opposing ideas at any given time. But that's more context to the situation. Situational Awareness is very important.

[1157:43] Speaker 4: Yeah, what's working and what's not working? Situational Awareness. That's what it ya know. And what I sell is, it's, it's a different way of seeing their experience, so that doors fly open in both grounded spirituality, with with actions to take, but it's a real switch in how they see something. So it's bringing them to a bigger dream and going, Oh, which is not showing them what they're doing wrong, but it's showing them where they can go,

[1166:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is interesting is I would challenge just you in your sales copy. And you've done a great job with the copy and the offers that you put together, going through a lot of this. People may not buy into the idea that they need to shift their way of seeing things, but they will buy into their desire for a change of some kind. And what that changed my look like and so again, looking at after they thinking why

[1174:17] Speaker 4: never six? Yeah,

[1175:04] Speaker 0: that's not language. I actually use the word my cane, because I've

[1176:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, people go to hell. For me, it is. I just started go to hell. That's all I heard. Somebody said, hey, you need to change your mindset. Like, oh, god jumped at me actually, that way. I didn't know people were that way. For the

[1181:20] Speaker 0: long. Yeah. Yeah.

[1181:53] Speaker 4: You know, show somebody the beauty of their dreams and how it's possible. Yeah, that livens them. So that's what I showed. Yeah, I like to take them out of the blue, I take them up in a balloon right above Earth, and they go, Oh, my gosh, is much more.

[1186:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a beautiful way of describing that. I love that. I might, I might borrow a little bit of that language myself. I love that. That sounds nuts. Actually. That's what it is. When I talk about the outcome. What you're doing is you're you're bringing what you just said, You're bringing them in a balloon right above Earth to see what's possible.

[1192:19] Speaker 4: Yeah, I mean, I wrote that ad copy years ago, which is still sitting under

[1193:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: 100% of your clients might not get that possibility. But it doesn't mean that you're not boldly presenting the opportunity.

[1195:50] Speaker 0: Right. Yeah,

[1196:09] Speaker 4: I always I guess my concern is that is that is that like, you know, and it's the same people to people while you're going to become more creative or, I mean, your creativity will explode or bloom. To me that seems so general and universal if I give them specifics of how it's happened with 18 1000 people, yeah, it's a real, you know, what you would call you'll create

[1201:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: things you never imagined you'll see. And and then you can then you go into a testimony just like so. And so just like so. And so just happened yesterday. Yeah. So that's a great way to do that instead of you'll blossom in your creativity, you can say, like you're gonna do. And then by the way, here's a client who did it. And that's a great way to do that. Yeah,

[1206:17] Speaker 4: I'm sorry, I followed my advice. And yesterday, they got their $10,000 trip to Africa paid for because they went after what I said.

[1207:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: So those are two things. If you got stories and case studies, I do always point people to those. But I want to encourage everybody else who's on this call, who doesn't have case studies or stories or things like that? That's okay. And so that's where we need to at least point to what the possibilities are for people. Thank you so much.

[1212:47] Speaker 0: All right. Stephanie. Hi,

[1215:27] Speaker 5: can you hear me? Sorry, I had to turn my mic on. I had a question. I, I have a live workshop tomorrow. Well, I guess I don't I sent it really just to my list of professionals, which is a little over 100. I had a 35% open rate and not one person even click the link to the landing page. So that's all messaging. Correct. Let's just email was just completely work. Yeah, I checked. It doesn't. Yeah, it worked. I went into I use ConvertKit. And I double checked it.

[1226:27] Speaker 0: And yeah, it works.

[1227:43] Speaker 5: I don't know. I mean, I'm sending

[1228:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: emails out, I'll get 600% open rate and only 10 clicks sometimes so that anything happens.

[1230:13] Speaker 5: So yeah, and I get that, but I'm just saying, it's probably is more than likely. It's my messaging, right? I need to go more. It's usually just saying I don't I think I spend too much time on what the essential oils can do to for your clients hearing they help with this, instead of putting it on too. You can grow your business, you can make more money, you can

[1236:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yes. Because you want to lead with what their desire is not the process that they'll be. They'll be doing and so you want to look out, okay, if they apply this? What will the person who is going to be a buyer of yours of the program? What are they going to experience and then you want to tie that to their their dream? What they want the most, and then you sell people on that dream being a possibility. And then that, then that is in your copy your emails, your marketing, all of that?

[1244:41] Speaker 5: What can because I have so many, you know, webinars, with slides and everything up, I think I need to just go back and repurpose everything and just change the even the names of the workshops. So you know, yes, because I think the names are terrible, too. But that wasn't even my question. I just wanted to put that out there. I haven't lost faith, though. Nobody clicked but that's okay. Like you said that doesn't you know, it's gonna happen? Yeah. I also wanted to know, when you do do the upgrade the VIP. If I were to give like a short mini class, do you use your Thinkific? Site? Yes, I do. Okay, okay. You just make that a separate class and you hide it? Correct?

[1257:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, give them a separate class. And then I have Zapier set up that gives them access when they they pay for the upgrade. Oh, okay. Well, you could just send them.

[1260:48] Speaker 5: Yeah, but just hide it from my. Yeah, my thank you. main site page, because I have a lot of different courses. So just exactly your that's how you did because I've never done your VIP. So I didn't know.

[1264:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yes. That's that's how it goes. And like, like I mentioned to, it's really helpful to go through some of the funnels that we have, go through all those and see how things are working as well.

[1266:47] Speaker 0: Okay. All right. Thanks. All right. Proverbs eat. Danny, how are you doing? Good. How are you? Very good. Good, good. Good.

[1270:12] Speaker 6: So I'm calling you. Well, I appreciate everything you all said. And what you were saying is kind of like what I was thinking about, which was that, you know, I'm at the stage where everything is ready. I'm just and it's interesting, because you said many of the things I was thinking about, right? Why haven't I started Why haven't I charted yet? What am I messaging? What's the gap? What's the problem and the solution and you're right, it's all that same stuff. Right? That's and, and it's interesting because what what I have been doing in those videos right now in terms of For my ads and you know, have you been looking at to get your real estate license, but you're not sure where to start? Then join the challenge because we're going to be walking it through for you step by step how to do it, how to get your license, how to all that. That's kind of our video that we have currently. Yeah, listen to you. I feel like I could grant another ad creative that we can do AV testing, which would be more like, are you been looking at trying to get a part time job or trying to do something, you know, a side gig? You could start it that way? Yeah, that's kind of true. You can't,

[1288:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you got to look at to socio economic demands, you know, a lot of people making more money has gone up as a value in the last two years, more so than anything else, because money is harder to come by, really, for everybody for the last two to two to three years.

[1293:41] Speaker 6: I think that the way that I could sell real estate is more, are you looking at something that you could be able to have flexibility, you could spend more time with your family while also increasing their income? Which is

[1297:12] Speaker 0: so true. So Facebook,

[1298:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Facebook will probably block that as an ad. Okay, as they it's considered, they don't allow employment opportunities.

[1301:03] Speaker 6: So isn't it? So I guess the question is, is like something that you're gonna do as a side gig would when that'd be employment opportunity?

[1302:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: No. So here's, here's where it changes, is you would mention the side gig or anything like that, as you would specifically pointed to people that have already researched that they want to get into the real estate niche itself. Yeah. And that that's something you want to do to to make some additional money. And you want to get specific, like, what will they be doing? Will they be an agent? Will they be doing inspections? Will they be doing this? And so the idea is, you know, you can you can actually make a full time income, doing home inspections, and we can walk you through the whole process. And so that Facebook would approve if you get specific as to how it all works. They don't like when it's more of a more of a veiled kind of like we'll show you once you register type of a thing.

[1316:06] Speaker 6: Oh, no, I was gonna say that real estate? No. Okay, cool. I was just gonna make that my opening question. That's a real Have you thought about real estate? Because real estate, you're really being a real estate agent?

[1319:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would be cautious. Still, with that opening question. You can try it. But my, my gut instinct is telling me they are probably going to block it a little bit. Because I even have to be careful with that when I do like start a six figure coaching business, that it doesn't sound like I'm talking about, like, in like an employment thing. And so

[1326:05] Speaker 6: that's one of the other ones that they tried to block is MLM so I

[1326:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: MLM or employment those two, so you don't want your offer to sound like it's network marketing, or like it's an employment opportunity. Now, here's what's and this is why I just I've niched down away from MLM because it's like, I, it's harder than ever to do that. But what you can do, I actually know how you can market MLM really well is you, even if you just do the challenge model around the goal that your MLM product does for people, that's a great way to get leads for an MLM business.

[1335:15] Speaker 0: Oh said You're so.

[1335:36] Speaker 6: So how would that look like? I just had it

[1336:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: like it like it would just be as simple as you would. For us. Just take Beachbody is a great example. You could market Beachbody products by building a health coach funnel.

[1339:56] Speaker 6: Do you have you ever been thinking about becoming a health coach?

[1340:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, or not just have you been thinking about getting a health coach? But even you know, do you need more energy do you need more flexibility in your Are you struggling to to do the things throughout the day and would like to lose the last 10 pounds, things like that. So that would be like a health coach funnel that you could then use to prom, I'm gonna have a product.

[1346:31] Speaker 6: That makes sense, I'm gonna help. So the idea

[1346:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: is this goes back to what I was even talking about today, we're selling, you want to be able to sell the exact outcome and get weight very specific. You want to get real specific in the language you use.

[1350:09] Speaker 6: So then that was gonna be my, the point I was gonna make was that outcome it is for somebody who wants to do it part time because I find that most people real estate is too overwhelming for them to jump in full time. So they're always saying 99% of people say how can I do it part time so I can keep what I have right now because I know it's division based and I won't be able to get make money right away, which is kind of Fair, which is really weird. So I think you know, you know, that's why I go with part time and you know, you're able to make your own schedule, which is really real becoming a real estate agent. Yeah. Have you thought about becoming a real estate agent? I can do it too. Boulet, have you been thinking about becoming a real estate, which would allow you two things, the flexibility to have more time with your family and the flexibility of making a lot more money than you making right now? There you go,

[1363:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could probably get that approved. That's right.

[1364:17] Speaker 6: Because I bring the real estate, right and the fun. And you thought about real estate because it gives you two options. You thought about becoming a home inspector, because he gives you two options that you can get, right? So I think, if I flip it in that way, then it would be Yeah. And

[1367:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, you're you're on the fringe of employment opportunity. So again, you might need to frame it even a step further than that, as far as like, casting a vision for a successful agent. And what that looks like, you know, we that's a whole other niche right there is getting into helping people who are already in real estate, to go to the next level.

[1374:36] Speaker 6: And that's what we offer. That's really what we're offering. We're offering the licensing class, but we offer the coaching program that allows them to know how to do how to get this.

[1377:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you may, you may want to look at them. Since you offer that coaching program. What are the individual problems that a lot of the people in your coaching program have and build offers around some of those problems?

[1380:37] Speaker 6: Oh, yeah, that I know. But then I buy like those who are going to be people who already are licensed. I mean, which we can we can create a complete cover funnel for people that are already licensed and the issues they're having no question about that. Yeah, that I think what I'm trying to do is to increase

[1384:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: just by get you more money on your ad spend is what I'm saying.

[1385:32] Speaker 6: So Oh, make me cost me more money, man. It'll make

[1386:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: you more money, it'll be like it'll cost less, just to go further along the funnel to the ones that are might already be licensed. So these are a few different stages. You want to I definitely see you're creating a prospect by licensing them. That's a great idea. That's an awesome. And so I think that that's a great thing to do. It's just gonna take a little bit of nuance in the language that you use to make sure to get around some of Facebook's restrictions.

[1393:20] Speaker 6: Exactly. But what you're also saying is, and I agree with you, is to go them down the pike, because then it'll be easier for me to convert them for sure. Yeah. Yeah. And then I'll have a lot more people. Well, I appreciate it. This was great. I'm also going to make another one based on what your How long did your mom keep his her coach? It was like a year right that she kept him on the on the calls. I feel like it was like a year. Because your mom when she first started this talk, I know she had the coach with her on those.

[1402:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, it was about a year and a half. But that that ended a little bit weird. So it was more horrible. Yeah, she talked about it with her group. Just it just they ended up kind of having some differences. And so

[1406:52] Speaker 6: yeah, which is what I'm doing is I'm doing one for people that are going into high conflict divorces. Okay, a coaching group for them, cool, help them about how to actually deal with the high conflict, divorce, and custody issues and all of that, and I'm bringing in an attorney. And that's

[1411:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: a great way to do that. I mean, that's a big, that's, that's exactly what Rick did with his music thing, too. He brought in his guy who had worked with and won a Grammy and done all that and, and really built on a lot of their experience while bringing in his ability to sell and close sales. So because you're able to close the sales, if you bring in an expert alongside you, and you both partner together. That's that's a great way now you have a whole new niche that you can market. One of our students that's in here, I don't see her on here today. But she actually partnered with doulas and birthing center, a birthing clinic, she doesn't have experience in that area. She's not even a mom herself. But she was able to partner with these people because she knew all the marketing, and then was able to kind of build the system with them, which is cool. So that's a whole other side of things is you can take what we're teaching right here, find a partner who is an expert on a topic and you guys work together and sell that as your as your as your package.

[1427:57] Speaker 6: Strangely enough, because of all the stuff that I've had to go through, I'm actually reading it I find I have more knowledge right during it. But

[1430:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you wake up one day and you're an expert, and you're like, when did this happen?

[1431:03] Speaker 6: Well, I know how it happened because I spend way too much time on it. Yeah, unfortunate truth in my life. It does. It

[1432:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: does happen eventually. I know. And then I was like, because I hate calling myself an expert at what I do. But at the end of the day, I think I think I

[1435:12] Speaker 6: deserve it. I deserve it. You helped your mom significantly to like, add, I remember your mom like I'm gonna have him come in. I'm gonna have my son. Jeremiah's gonna come in. He's gonna talk about at this. I didn't even know how he does what he does, but recharging.

[1439:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's really cool to what we What we had done with Rick was really incredible because it was, you know, the hardest space is to sell stuff to, to, to religious Christian audience, it's actually it's that you think it's easier, it's way harder. It's easier to sell business stuff. And so the fact that we were able to scale that to a million dollars a month was incredible. So no, wow.

[1446:01] Speaker 0: Yeah. All right. Well,

[1446:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna take these last two questions here, and I'm gonna log off. All right, Michelle. Okay.

[1448:40] Speaker 3: When you said Facebook will block ads, how do you know? Will they just turn down your ad? Or will like when

[1450:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: they'll reject it? They'll actually say this ad is rejected, and they won't let you run it and they put a big red thing on your ad?

[1451:47] Speaker 3: And do they tell you why they're rejecting it? Not usually,

[1452:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's very vague, that they tell you they give you a vague thing. Like it'll say, oh, employment opportunity, MLM. So like, they did that on the on some of my early coaching ads, but I figured out why it was I was saying, want to make 30k a month with as a coach. So that language got blocked as an employment opportunity.

[1458:22] Speaker 3: Do you think I wonder if AI would tell us that too? Well, this app be blocked by Facebook,

[1459:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: possibly, possibly, it depends on if you're in a niche that will be blocked a lot. Health Coaching is definitely one that you got to be careful of, is a big one, what probably she's talking about as another one, I definitely could see the AI helping you probably eat as well with some of the language and nuance. And just, especially with GPT, four, because it knows what the that's not perfect, but I have used it and seen some great outputs of like, Hey, can you rewrite this ad to be compliant with Facebook's restrictions? And so and it gives a pretty cool output on that because I've I've tested that a few times. Again, I want to say I've tested it, I haven't actually tested the ad. But I tested it rewriting the ad that way, and I liked the output. And so I think you definitely could use it for that. If you're if you're concerned. My thing is as though as like, you can get away with Facebook blocking your ad once or twice, and it's not a big deal. If they if you notice they keep blocking it, then I would start to explore okay, why are they doing that? But I wouldn't be afraid of them. Like, like denying your ads either. I just wanted to make sure that told us you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, they do. But it's not that. Yeah, they do tell you, um, I have a client that gets blocked once a month. That's that's a GA and ban off because of who he has on his stuff, as they're considered like political leaders. And so even though it has nothing to do with politics, they block it. And then we have to like literally request review. And then Facebook manually reviews the offer and can tell Oh, it's not political. So it's really funny. Sometimes that happens as well. Anything that's political or human rights based, they'll block almost automatically.

[1487:58] Speaker 3: Okay, another thing Did I hear you say on Saturday that you only started advertising the course the week of I've got a course coming to the end of the month, or like a challenge coming at the end of the month? And I'm just wondering your perspective? Yeah,

[1491:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would do I would do two weeks.

[1492:10] Speaker 0: Okay. Um, to get the best cost, but I did the week of

[1494:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wouldn't do the week of unless you really know like that your copy is really good. Number. So I would, I would give it two weeks to optimize. At that point. The reason I'm able to do it a week was because we've tested it enough times, and now I'm pretty confident in what we're offering. Okay. All right. Yep. Duke Hi,

[1500:14] Speaker 7: can you hear me? Yes, yes. Yeah, I have a question is right. Now, I have one group coaching course, running for seven to eight weeks. And I have a two, two session per weeks. So, my question is, how can I you know, expand my my, because I see it limiting by time because if I want to open the to to group coaching is coordinately for session which divided into the two group coaching. So can you help me or suggest me any way for you know, expand the model? Because this is because I only run a cost and I running the next is called me two months for running a campaign I think is the meeting. So yeah, can you can you understand it?

[1516:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yeah, it does become limiting at that stage. So the way that you can expand is a obviously increasing your prices is one way but that's where having a continuity model is helpful. Having a membership that's attached to that where people are also coming in and paying consistently instead of structuring it to where they're coming in. And now you're having to do two or three or four, you could actually market people to join the same program. And they come in every two weeks. Does that make sense? So they could actually come in at any stage. And that's sort of you have an onboarding call that they have, so that you don't have to start everybody from Lesson number one. And they're able to go through at some self study at some level, to at least get caught up to speed to the group as a whole. And now that becomes a group where they're able to pay for access on maybe a quarterly basis that renews itself. So that's one of the that's one of the best ways to do that. Is Yes, it does become limiting to just launch a four week or an eight week each time you do that, because then it's like, Okay, we got overlap, we got too many lessons. So how do we adjust for this is what we, what we've always done is, that's a great way to test out your offer to test out is it working to generate six figures really fast, but you want to pivot into a a model where you can keep things ongoing with people. And it doesn't always have to be recurring revenue. But it is a really good important thing to get reoccurring revenue from people. And so you could have one that's also a recurring program that they all go into after the six weeks or the eight weeks or the four weeks, that then they continue with you on and everybody kind of goes off boarded onto that one. And then what you have is you have your main program that you're marketing to people from your challengers in your offers, but you're able to bring people in, okay, week one, week two, week three, and you're able to keep bringing people into that, because the way that you're teaching and your system is more what's guiding people rather than relying on Okay, we got to wait till the program is over to get people in.

[1551:15] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay. Yes.

[1552:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So there's a little bit of complexity. With that I will be covering some of that here in the last lesson of the friendly follow up course that I'm teaching. So that's coming this week. And that's where also the membership program secrets course, the one that we have right now that we're not called membership program secrets is called membership, recurring membership profits, is you want to get to where you have a program that's ongoing with people. Because ultimately, that's where the launch model is limiting. And that's why I don't like just launching a course to people is you want to get people into a program where they're constantly growing with you, and they can come in and out at any different stage of time. Now, here's where that some people argue, is that limiting for the prospect? Well, it is because you're not as directly focused, and they're not on a perfect track with you. But if they're on a perfect track with you, that limits you to how much cash flow you can make. So you want to to actually prioritize the cash flow that you can make in your business by being able to create a hybrid system that serves both the client and you and as a good sustainable business model, so that you can keep things growing and keep consistent revenue coming in.

[1575:10] Speaker 0: All right. Okay.

[1575:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: We'll be talking more on that, too. I'll probably need to on my podcast, that's a very nuanced question that you asked. And it's, there's a few ways of doing it. The way that we did it with my mom is we just ended up moving everything into a membership. And now the membership became the coaching program that people could join. Rick Pitino, the same kind of thing, we moved everything into a high ticket membership, and raise the price of the course for people. And so eventually, you get to the place where you want to move everybody into something that becomes reoccurring and ongoing as you start to develop a system. And then that's what you're ending. That's what you sell people on your challenge, similar to how we market the client growth accelerator. And so and so with marketing, that membership, with marketing that system where people can join, and they can consistently stay each month, that's where then you keep adding new content, if you have any. That's where you provide ongoing support, accountability, and you and that's where you end up listening to as well. What are the people in the program wanting as their next step? So you might have a specific system that you sell as a course, but that's where listening to Okay, the people in the program, what are they wanting to learn? And then you go and you start delivering that content as well. You'll notice that that's what that's what we've done here in the accelerator to this Listening to what are the questions that people are asking. And it's starting to deliver new courses and new trainings, that touch on those different topics as well. And then also bringing that into the live sessions. That way. No matter what stage somebody comes in, we're able to serve the group as a whole instead of being limited by okay, we're only talking about this week one, week two, week three, week four. Now, I say this at the beginning lesson of the recurring membership course, recurring monthly revenue is a very slow path to make six figures. Most people if they start with just launching with recurring revenue, don't make six figures for about 12 to 18 months. And so for most people that's too long to cashflow things that's too long to be able to bring in the amount of money they need to run ads. So that's why I recommend at the beginning, if you're just starting completely green from scratch, sell a six week or an eight week or a three month term of coaching to people. And then you could still sell that term to people and have people come in at different stages, as long as you create sort of a getting started and an onboard training to get people up to speed. And that's a very fast way to generate the type of revenue that you want, like you've done due because you've been able to generate the kind of revenue that that has been able to finance and fund the things that you want to do. Now what we got is we have a machine that now you have the cash flow for. So we want to turn this into something that we can take to the next level. And that's where recurring profits comes in. So a long term approach, recurring revenue is the model for wealth creation. But it's a longer it's a longer cycle, it takes longer to actually build up to the place that you really want to get to. The quick cash is when you launch a course for $1,000. And you market that to people. And so those can be cash infusions into your business. And I like using a mix of both of those. But when somebody is just starting out, to have the cash flow to actually run ads, that's why I like doing an eight week or a three month program initially, and then charging $1,000 For that, that even though while it is limiting, as you have noticed, it becomes limiting. As soon as you notice it's limiting, that's when it's time to sort of pivot into the direction of having something that's more ongoing with people. And we ran into that with Joshua Giles, as well as we had a little bit of overlap on there. And we realized, okay, we need to turn this into some kind of a membership. I think he has like a $45 a month membership, on top of doing some of the different coaching that he has. And then he raised the price of his program from 1000. For his course he raised it to 5000. Rick did the same thing. He raised his from 1000 to 5000. For his course, that became the entry place for people with the recurring revenue on top of that of about 1000 to $2,000 a month, I ticket. And so moving into high ticket is where you sustainably get to where you're making eight and nine figures. I see a lot of people though, they jump ship in that direction and then they get burnt out and stressed out and they got they have a hard time delivering to people. And so this advice really should be filtered through what stage anybody is at in their business specifically as well.

[1656:00] Speaker 0: All right, so is that Was that helpful? Duke? Yes. Okay.

[1657:04] Speaker 7: Thank you very much.

[1657:26] Speaker 0: Awesome. All right. All right, everybody.

[1658:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: This has been great here today. I am gonna go have some lunch and then we will have our our session for the five day event and then I need to I need to post the VIP. Log into that here in the Facebook group as well for you guys. So I'll see everybody over there. Have a good one.

