Mailchimp Made Easy Lesson 1
Date: 2023-09-19T18:50:36.000Z
Duration: 45 min
Otter ID: qVocvYqZTR4PeVT62yWo-zKRkuU
---

[0:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, hello everybody, that I'm excited for this, you know, we've been using MailChimp for a while in our business and for our clients businesses and I think it's a great tool. I think people can overcomplicate it unfortunately. And I think that if you can learn how to use it simply and easily what the what the techniques are, I break down in a number of different classes that we have in the program, such as automated marketing secrets, friendly follow up email marketing the fun way about using MailChimp, but I haven't done a focused MailChimp course. Listen, if you want to get really good at email marketing, in general, just like writing great emails. Those courses as well are loaded up in the members area. They have incredible content. Friendly follow up is all about what do you send to your list to keep them engaged email marketing, the fun way is about putting together killer emails. And I also have a lesson in the sales copy mastery for chat GPT course the very last lesson is all about writing emails. And we're going to cover some of that we'll repeat some a little bit of that content not like verbatim but I might reteach a little bit of it here in this lesson just there's a lot of people have different questions, but I want to kind of break this down. Same way that I have our Facebook ads courses the same way that I have our Squarespace courses to keep things simple for you. So MailChimp is an email marketing software platform. And there's a number of different email marketing software platforms out there, like one of them is called Clavijo. You know, another one is called Infusionsoft one that people like is called mailer Lite. The reason I like MailChimp is because it integrates with everything else with just a click of a button. And, and that's really why is because I find it to be the easiest to use of any of the email software's that are out there, whenever I'm trying to create something or launch something. Now if you're not using Squarespace, you might need to install a plugin or use some other kind of MailChimp integration, but most software's include MailChimp integration, and so that's why I've always used MailChimp, and I really liked it. And so starting off, just, you know, with an account, let's start from that, that place right here, let's actually, let me log out of my account here, I've been using this account for a long time I pay them a lot of money. Let's just start from scratch here. If we go to registering for a brand new accounts, generally sometimes they have different promotions or things like that websites for their event pricing. If you go to MailChimp, you'll see pricing. And what I recommend everybody have is see looks like they added SMS marketing to that's pretty cool. What I recommend everybody have is at least the essentials account. And the reason why is because it gives you three audiences to start with. One of the issues with using MailChimp that a lot of people run into is audience limitation. And listen, email, email software's, they can start to cost money that can go up in price, I pay 350 a month for MailChimp because I send so many emails out. Because our business is making so much money. It's worth it to me to have the full version of the of the software running. Okay. Now what's cool is that version, you know, the price doesn't go up until you hit about 15,000 names on your list. The Essentials one does start to go up at that point, my email list itself has 3200 people on it. And that's been growing since we started it. So if you look at how many contacts you're going to have 3200 Let's say 5000. You can do most of what you need to do with the standard version. But I found that it became confusing when I started running multiple events over and over and over again. So for most people, you can get started with the essentials version, especially when you're just starting out. And that's going to help you be able to kind of get everything going. Okay, so let's log in here. Let's say you're gonna sign up for an account, you got to you know, pick what version you want. You want to give it your email address, your business email address, username and password. Okay, so let's, let's kind of start. Start from scratch right here. And let's just let's just try this out. I already have an account. So I'm going to log into my account and I'm going to show you this. Well, the first thing that I had to do is actually had to have a business email address. Okay. So that's one of the things that I would say if you're sending emails out, you got to have some kind of a business email address, we use Google workspace. Okay, Google workspace is what we use for business email. And so you can get started with Google workspace with a business email account gives you a custom email account at your domain name. And I use just one for me in our business. And so you can go in here under Google workspace workspace.google.com Let me explain here real quick, you're like wait a second that this is a MailChimp course. Let me explain.

[96:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: MailChimp is a software that sends emails out to people, when people sign up to your email list, their information goes into the mail software. Okay, when you're sending emails out, they have to come from some email address tracking with me here. And so because they have to come from some kind of an email address, you have to have an email address that attaches to your domain name, okay, so if we go, just lowest common denominator here, real simple basics getting started setting up your MailChimp account, you need to have a domain name. And you need to have an email account. Okay, so like, let's say, whether you're using Wix, Squarespace WordPress, that doesn't matter, you're going to need to have some kind of a domain name. So you can get a domain name from godaddy.com. And a domain name is simply just a.com. So like, for me, Jeremiah krakowski.com is where I have all of my stuff out right here. Okay. And so you have to actually like, purchase a domain name for your business. Through a site like GoDaddy, if you're using Squarespace, they do give you the ability to buy a domain name through their site through their platform right here. I don't, I don't generally do that. I usually always buy it through GoDaddy, and then I, they have a walkthrough system. So you can actually see here in Squarespace. It says, Jeremiah krakowski.com. Provider is GoDaddy. And then I can go in here and we manage the domain name settings. And this allows us to link our domain name here. So what you do is in Squarespace to set up your domain name. And by the way, Squarespace makes this really easy to integrate all of this together. Under Settings, and then domains, you go to use the domain I own, so you're gonna have to purchase the domain over at GoDaddy. This is like internet business 101 Right here, you got to purchase the domain name at GoDaddy. You got to load it up into into like a Squarespace site they have where they actually broker to you. And they don't like up charge you. Really, they have Google workspace plans that you can sign up for right here. Right in Squarespace, and it'll associate it with your domain name very easily in there. So but like for you to figure out. Setting up Google workspace, domain name email. You will have to look up there's a help file to follow along with as to how to add the MX record and verify your domain name. So again, this seems way too complicated and realize that this is one of the one of the simplest ways to have a work email because now Google workspace all of the reason why we're using a Google workspace email is all of your email, basically then lives inside of a Gmail type system. So you're able to go into a Gmail type system to access your email very easily. So here's a video right here, that if you just look up domain name, Google workspace email, if you just type that into YouTube, you'll find a number of different videos connecting a GoDaddy domain to Google workspace. Hi, in this video, I'm gonna section so you can walk you through actually like connecting that together, I'm not going to take the next 10 to 15 minutes to go through that. Just jump into that. Take a look at some of these YouTube videos about connecting. They haven't changed the process in like three, four years at all. And so pretty much any of the more recent videos that you're going to find one way that can help you with YouTube, by the way, somebody told me that they were looking to do something and it was outdated, go to Filters, and filter out anything that is older than the past month. Okay, now look at this. These are all on the last month people sharing how to set up a Google workspace verified domain name. So then you know that those are up to date videos right there. Let's say that you're looking at Facebook pixel setup. go to Filters, select this month, and I promise you look at step by step guide this month, in the last couple of weeks on how to set up a Facebook pixel. So if you're ever using YouTube, and you're like, oh, it's outdated, this little filter section here, selecting upload date this month, that's going to help you find what's most recent. And you can even sort it by upload date as well. But I like to leave it on relevance as far as that goes. Okay, so immediately like you can see, YouTube is a valuable resource for figuring out like, how to link together those different functions and things like that. That's where you're going to want to go to to actually learn how to link the domain name with Google workspace. Once you have an email address, such as you know, for my business, we have Hello at Jeremiah krakowski.com That's what we send all our emails from. That's our customer service email Hello at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Okay, so I'm going to put this as my business email in MailChimp. And sign up for my account with a username and password. Now I already already have that in my account here. So we're going to log into my MailChimp account. And in my account, you know, I have multiple audiences and things like this. We have 3400 people on my general email list it looks like which is which is awesome. Okay, so in here, what we're looking at is, and this is where it can get kind of confusing because there's like all of this content here. You want me to just show you something that's gonna that's gonna ease up everything for you. I never utilize any of this content. I don't even know what's under integrations really. Okay, I have Squarespace connected right there. Well, Squarespace connected itself that way. I don't utilize any of the any of the this stuff down here. I only really worry about campaigns and audiences and sometimes will play with automation. We'll go over that in a later lesson about automation. But the way to think about MailChimp, and you gotta like think about it as everything is split up by campaigns and audiences. Okay, so what you get to do is let's open this up in a Google Doc, I'm going to show you this, just to visualize this for you is if you have the $13 month version, you have the ability to have three audiences. Inside of an audience, you can tag people. Okay, so you can have sorry, she got under my chair here, three audiences allowed. And what this means is you can have what I like to split it up as general email list. paid subscribers, and then lead magnet. And these are generally the three audiences that I would run for most people and rotate out their lead magnet. So like for me, oh, only three audiences allowed? Well, what I do is when I'm done promoting a certain lead magnet, I'll move all of those subscribers to the general email list. or I might not even have a paid subscribers email list. I might have tags, paid subscribers, leads. And so I might tag people inside of my main email list as a paid subscriber or as a lead. Why would we do this? So an audience is like a bucket, we can think of it as a bucket of people, a bucket of names and email addresses. And if we go in here, you can see each of my audiences has a different number of contacts in them. These are different campaigns that we've ran, these are different marketing campaigns that we're running generally, you know, when I run a five day intensive, we might have 150 people registered 365 people registered for this webinar right here. 17 for this one that we just launched this morning. Oh, look, it's 19. Now

[255:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: the number starts to go up. By the way, you can't always rely on this number that it says because it's generally not always accurate. Also, here's another thing to look at with your audience. This has 364 contacts, 346 or subscribers. Why is this number lower than this number? Well, let's dive into that. A number of these people unsubscribed. They registered for the training, they unsubscribed they have no more interest in hearing anything from me. Great. Awesome. I have in this this account 3400 email contacts 30 341, which means close to 100 people that are on this right here have unsubscribed at some kind. So what I can do is I can say went down and I can remove the people who unsubscribed from here. So it doesn't count against my billing. Here's 96 People who unsubscribed I'm gonna select all of them. And I'm going to archive them. And again, listen, if what I just did seemed way too fast for you, and you want me to slow down and show you we're going to okay, I'm just giving you a little bit of like a bird's eye view example of how I manage my email accounts. And it all starts with understanding how audiences work. So an audience is just a bucket of people. And what I would recommend is have what I call the general newsletter list in MailChimp. And what this is, is this is everybody who you've ever contacted who's ever joined you for any lead magnet period. Okay, so this is like everybody on my list who is who has not unsubscribed. By the way we've probably had almost like 9000 people sign up on our email list, but close to 6000 have unsubscribed. But this is the people who are remaining on our list. And that number continues to grow month after month after month as we run campaigns to reach more people to to get our message out to more people. Okay, so a general audience is like a bucket where that catches everybody. So what I'll do is like after I hosted a live event, I'll actually take all the names and email addresses from say, this offer right here. And I'll click this little drop down. This is one of my favorite drop downs, and MailChimp select all, because it selects everybody on all the different pages, not just these 25 people it selects all 369 And I go under Actions and I select Copy to audience. And so it's going to do is I select General newsletter and it's going to copy all of those people to the general newsletter that we have in the accelerator, it's going to copy all of those people into the actual main newsletter that houses everybody inside of it. Okay. And so if I want to send an email blast to everybody on my list, I send it to that audience. But here's the thing, what if I want to segment out people who are purchasers of my program? Well, that's where I have a list of who's apart who's an active member of our program. And so that's who's a paid member of our program on this list right here. This is why I have these audiences segmented out for different lead magnets, okay. And so what we can do is we can utilize these different audiences and to segment out who receives a certain email who doesn't, etc. Here's something that I would recommend. You can get really caught up in trying to make MailChimp perfect. Trying to make all the pieces work together and stuff like That, in my experience, that doesn't make you any money. What makes you money? Is emailing your list consistently sending a consistent amount of emails to people on a regular basis. Okay? And so I'm going to go through with you like, how do we segment out certain people? How do we make sure that emails only go to certain people? How do we set up recurring emails? How do we set up autoresponder emails? How do we make sure that the right people are receiving the email and the people that we don't want to are not receiving them, such as if somebody already signed up for my program, I don't want to be sending them marketing emails to tell them to sign up for my program, how do we make sure that that doesn't happen? We're gonna go over all of that here in this course. Okay. And I'm gonna go through it slowly for you to show you how we do this. But what you want to do is you want to know your data, you want to know, Okay, where did they come in from? Did they come in from this offer right here? Are they a member of our program? Are they on the general list, and that's where tags can come into play. Now, tags can be a little bit confusing, and I don't use them as much as I should. But I do use them to at least segment out who upgrades to the VIP as part of my programs. I generally prefer using audiences to segment out people. And they have a very simple way of segmenting people, they use a copy and paste function, but I don't want to skip ahead, right now, to show you that just yet. Here's the first thing when you log into MailChimp, you're going to start by creating an audience making a new audience, okay. And so that's going to start with, they're going to ask you to make an initial audience in here. And here's what you want to make sure of when you create this audience, you want to actually set up your audience settings correctly. So once you create your MailChimp account, again, you might not have all of these different names and email addresses or things in here. But you're gonna have different people at different stages that are that are different audiences. And And again, if you're just making a brand new account, you're not going to have all of these audiences, you're just gonna have one audience. So what we want to first do is we want to set that audience up the right way. Once you create that audience, you can go under OPT in settings. And this is what I select as I don't have personally, I do not turn on double opt in, it's not my favorite. They technically recommend that you do double opt in, I do not double opt in means that it's going to send an email to people to make sure that they actually subscribed, I don't utilize double opt in at all. Okay, so that's one of the first things that I'll do is under audiences, I click on audience dashboard. And then this drop down manage audiences, you go to View audiences. And that's where you can select opt in settings, this button right here to create an audience. This allows you to create a new audience again, it says, with tags, you can organize your audience using any information or criteria. So for instance, I can tag people in my general audience. Based on did they come in through this lead magnet, have they purchased before, etc, I can tag them in here. Personally, I don't fully do that. Because it can become really kind of time consuming to make sure that you're tagging hundreds of people constantly the right way. You can automate the tagging using a tool like Zapier, to where and we'll show you how to do this in one of the future lessons as well. As in Zapier, when an email address comes in, you can tell it to add it to the other audience to tag people. And really this is the best way to be able to tag people is using Zapier as a tool to do this, okay, so that when somebody comes in to your email account, it tags them, it adds a tag to their email address. And then what you can do is you can program different autoresponders to go to people based on the different tags that they receive. Okay, so that's just kind of like a bird's eye view of how that works. But we're skipping way too far ahead in this lesson right now for me to even go over that with you. So if you feel overwhelmed, don't because you don't have to figure that out right now. I'm just giving you kind of a bird's eye view of all the different things that you can do inside of MailChimp. Once you figure it out once you get used to it. I'm telling you, it seems complicated right now. Again, just like with Facebook Ads Manager I recommend let's take a deep breath Get in and out, let's not let ourselves get overwhelmed by this, it can become so easy to get overwhelmed in the process of what don't I know what don't I have figured out how can I make sure that I have all the pieces in order, the best thing to do is to really just relax and realize the goal of MailChimp is this interaction and connection with people that showed an interest in your programs, that's it.

[407:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Getting all the tagging and stuff perfectly is just a tool that you use to facilitate that connection. That's it. What we want to do when we think about MailChimp is we got to think about the human connection aspect of what email marketing is, you're making a connection in somebody's inbox, who gave you their contact information, and you're able to automate that process to send it at scale to multiple people. You know, if I go into Gmail, and listen, I've seen some people do this with their email marketing initially. And I just I try to email 1000 people all at once, Gmail is going to actually lock my account down and shut me down, they won't let me actually do that. Okay, so that's what you have to use some kind of an email marketing software, that you put people on a list, that's what we call an audience. And then you can broadcast to that list. An email, that's what we call a campaign. Okay, so it starts with creating your first audience when we go to the audience dashboard. If you have just one audience, you might only see one audience right here. If you have multiple audiences, there'll be a drop down here. This is where we go under Manage audience and under Settings, it's very important that we set this up the right way. Okay, so under Settings, here's what we want to set here again, oh my god, what is all of this? How do I have to figure that out? Nope, you don't just this first one right here. Audience name and defaults. Give it a name that you can recognize, turn off double opt in, turn off CAPTCHA. Then you want to set your from name to be who people are going to be receiving an email from and you want your from email address to be what email address you want them to receive their email from. Okay. The rest of this, I literally have nothing else set up in here

[444:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: MailChimp will make you have an address, a physical address has to be at the bottom of your emails. So that's one of the one of the other things that we got to make sure of, we see here that you have an actual physical address at the bottom of your emails, it's the law, every email that you send out needs to have some kind of a, an address in the footer. So that's required email footer content right here. Okay, by law, you have to have a physical address that people can contact. So what I do is I use a site called mailbox anywhere.com. I think that's what it's called. Or its or its mailbox anytime. Mailbox anytime. Anytime mailbox that. I what they do is they were able to give me a local mailbox for six bucks a month in my area, and they'll show me what mail comes to it. I never get mail at this mailbox. But it's a real street address. That's way cheaper than actually going to your Pio box. Peel box is gonna charge you like 30 bucks a month for something that you don't even use. So using anytime mailbox is a great resource that you can use and you can listen to it doesn't have to be exactly in your physical location. Like if you live right here in Utah, over here, set your mailbox to be over here in Spanish Fork. Perfect. 10 bucks a month 30 messages a month mail forwarding they'll ship you the bundle to wherever you are for five bucks. Look at that. So you don't have to physically even go to the location to manage it. But you got to maintain some kind of a physical location. So if you're in the United States, they are a great resource over here. Looks like they also have locations anytime mailbox is all is a global operation. That's cool. So for looking at locations and globally, United Kingdom

[482:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, doesn't have to be super close to where you actually live, they can forward it to you at a really reasonable cost. Okay? For me personally, though, because I live in a place where there's a lot of businesses and stuff like that, I was able to actually set one up in Texas, very close to where I lived. Over here on Parmer lane right here. So that which is really cool as I can also physically go to that location, we've moved recently up north here, so I might move it up here, or I might move it over here to one of these locations.

[495:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so you can select a plan, you have that and then you go into MailChimp, and you put this as the address the required address, I'm probably just gonna stick with my Parmer Lane address, because again, I don't use it that much. It's also cool that I have an Austin zip code. And then the website URL, that's my website, okay. So that's where, see, look, this is required by law. To have a physical address for people to send stuff to, you have to have some kind of a physical address may vary in your country. But I know in the United States, it's that way. Okay. And so with that, I think it is actually an international law. That's how you set up that email address. And so now you're able to actually create campaigns, you're actually able to go in, and when people sign up to your email list, when they join your list, by the way, you can also even import people to your list, you can go in, you can create a campaign, half the time, what I'm doing is I'm just replicating existing campaigns that we have, I'm just copying them and changing the email, changing the content of it. Okay. So this is where we go in and what I like to do keep it real simple. I don't spend a lot of time figuring out the name of it, I just do sometimes half the time, I'll just put email as the name of the campaign. And when you go under Content, okay, now what do we do here this is this is this is the core of sending out emails in MailChimp is you have to actually like create the email itself, and then schedule what time it's actually going to go out. So who's it going to go to this is where you select which audience it goes to. You can segment it out, new segment based on tags you can change who's going to receive it based on a tag. What I love is this feature called pasted emails. And what's really cool about pasted emails is you can segment out, I'll show you this a little bit later. But you can include only the people that you paste or exclude them. So what I'll do is I'll go in, if I'm sending an email, and I want to exclude everybody who already signed up for an offer that I have, I'll open up a new window and MailChimp. I'll go to that audience. And again, I'm going to cover this later. But I just want to show you this. I'll open up this offer right here. 365 people are here. Yeah, 223 people. I'll click this under contacts. And then what I do is I'll select Export audience. And by selecting export audience I'm able to export it as a CSV file. And so that what I'll do is I can open up this it's going to be a zip file, I'll open up the CSV file, which usually opens up in Excel. These are all the people who subscribed and now they're in an Excel document right here. Oh, no, I don't know what to do with this giant email. This Excel document. I don't know how Excel works. Here's the cool thing. If you put your cursor above a where it says email address, and you just select it, it's gonna select all the email addresses. And then you just press Ctrl C on your keyboard or Command C on a Mac. And it's going to copy all those email addresses. So why are we doing this? Let's trace this back. We exported all the names that had signed up or opted in to a free offer that we had. Okay. We copied all those names. who signed up for a free offer that we had? We exported them to an Excel Doc, I was able to copy those just by selecting in the Excel doc. Copy. And then I go back to where it says paste emails and I press paste Ctrl V, that's going to paste them all right here 221 email addresses right there, boom. And I can tell it to exclude these people and then press Save As segment. Now, obviously, not all of them are on the main list. 26 of them had previously unsubscribed. But it's going to make sure that 194 of those people don't receive the email, this number is never going to be the total number of your email list, by the way, never, never is. But what this is, is that's how we segment out very easily. As I spend a lot of my time I'll just export an existing list. Instead of tagging, I'll just paste it as a segment. And then I'll reuse that segment to make sure that those people don't receive an email. We'll cover that again here in the future. frontlines, good subject line. Again, we'll go over crafting your email crafting your subject line, this is where you actually add the subject line, you can use AI to help you do that. It has some different like aI functionalities built into MailChimp, which is pretty cool. So that's kind of fun, or would you like to write invite to my free webinar. Let's see if we can generate us some subject lines, join my free webinar, try again. Join my free webinar, let's try playful. Join the fun free webinar invite again, not a big fan of what it's given me right there. But it's because it's using its I wouldn't use those subject lines, I have a tool that I like to use to figure out the best subject lines that we use. You can also look at what are what are our most recent subject lines, how did they get how many got opened and things like that. I don't even come up with the subject line by the way until I have the email written. This is a this is a trick that I tell people is write the email itself first figure out what you want to actually say. And then come up with your subject line. Okay, so under design email, once you click Design email, oh, no, lots of templates, I use simple text, I did not use these other templates, because anything but text and an email gets blocked by spam filters. So one of the best ways to make sure that your emails actually get opened and read is don't put any pictures in them. Just use simple text as the template and you'll get more opens and more reads from people. Okay, now here's what I'll do is I go in and I clicked and I removed this if rewards line, it's like MailChimp, rewards I removed that, I believe this first headline right here. And then I'll start typing in my email right here. Or if I'm generating my email, a chat GPT which, you know, in the sales, copy mastery, for chat GPT course I go through how to actually create emails with Chad's GPT. How to put those together how to craft those emails, how to structure them the right way. Okay. You can paste them into this right here, you can paste the completed email right into this section right here. So like if I have a completed email that I sent out that I want to send out to somebody, let's go take a look at one of those completed emails

[622:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: here we go. Here's some emails that we wrote for my mom. So every client email body, let me just copy this email body right here. And I can just paste that email right into here. Okay, I don't like the the extra spacing in between all those lines. So let's fix that. You might have to go back and do some Backspace on some of the lines to create better spacing. This is one of the things with MailChimp that kind of can be annoying, is that when you paste stuff into it, sometimes it does jack up the spacing. Okay. But the email is already written, the text size is already there. The bolding is already there, it's ready to send out as an email. All we got to do is attach our subject line to it. So you can press save and close. Press Continue. Make sure that the email says what you wanted to say now is where we come up with the subject line. And what I like to do is I like to use a tool called cloud.ai. It's one of the best for subject lines, generate me 20 subject lines for this email. It's over at Cloud AI, you can find it right here. And I actually really liked the subject lines that it generates. So one of the better tools for generating email subject lines that's out there. Again, I wouldn't necessarily use these like all of them, but you will find one or two is like really good. I like this one a blessing in disguise, or building a legacy that outlast me.

[651:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So let's go add that to the subject line, building a legacy that outlast me

[655:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: select your send time, you can either send it immediately right after writing it, or you can schedule when it's gonna go out, you can schedule it out, weeks in advance months in advance even. And so that's how you start to automate things as you can start to schedule emails, one after the other after the other, that go out in a sequence to people. Just by selecting what the delivery date is, again, I don't mess around with time optimization or time work, I literally just select most of my emails go out in the morning around 8am In the afternoon, around 2pm or in the late evening around 9pm When you send your emails out really doesn't matter that much at all. Other than I wouldn't send them between five and 7pm. Dinnertime I wouldn't send them between one and 4am You know, people are sleeping. And so but at pretty much anytime between

[672:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: four 4am to like 1am. And then the dinnertime you can send emails out to people. And that's a really good time to do that. Okay, so we can select when as our send time we schedule our time, you can save it. And then once you once you like your subject line you like your email, you got your audience all set up, maybe we segmented out people that we don't want to include. You got your name and email and and from email address in here. Right, you got to actually type in your from email address. This is different than than just a normal email software, you want to put in the email address that you signed up for with Google workspace right here. So once all those pieces are together, by the way, I take like five to 10 minutes to do this for half my emails, you'll get to the point where it's just it's so quick for you to start to send out emails this way. And then I select Schedule. And then we go and schedule the email to go out to people. Now obviously, I'm not going to actually send this email out. But that's how we schedule all of our emails out. That's how we create all of our emails. And it's very simple, very easy. Now we're gonna go into like, more advanced steps beyond this. But hopefully this gives you like a bird's eye view of how to create an account, how to set up the email address, how to set up your first audience and how to send an email. If you want to know how to write really good emails, again, the other courses that we have in the program have been geared around copywriting for your emails, what do you actually say in them? I think that those have really good training for you. On September.

[700:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: On September 14, we did an email copywriting call, or we did a copywriting call that you'll find in the members area. If you open that up. There was a really good training that I did in there all about what do you actually say in the emails It was either on the seventh to the 14th there was a live copywriting call September 2023. Go through that where I break down more on the art of writing really good emails. And for a complete lesson on using AI to write really good emails. Our sales copy mastery for chat GPT we'll be going over it in a future lesson. But the final lesson Lesson Eight writing incredible emails a chat GPT it's basically an hour long, masterclass by itself. This is a great way that subtle. It's really good just on using chat GPT to create really great emails. And I think I think you'll find it valuable to you as well. All right. I'll see you in the next lesson because I know I went over a lot here. A lot to kind of get you started. But we'll we'll kind of break it down step by step as we move forward here. Thanks

