CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-08-28T19:07:22.000Z
Duration: 121 min
Otter ID: eIK30-LzdFon3aeRrWKJne29y-I
---

[0:51] Speaker 0: Let's come on in here. Check, check. Microphone, let's bring this in recording live, bring this into Facebook, right here. And I say invite copy invite link when I was live on Zoom, here, and for those of you that are watching the recording, this is where this is how we

[10:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: start each time this week is our live training, where I will be teaching the group and then we'll be taking some questions after and we have a live q&a next week and a copywriting call next week. All right, so I'm going live in the group. We're gonna bring everybody on up. All right. Hello, everybody. Welcome. Welcome, today.

[19:33] Speaker 1: Welcome in.

[20:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome to our live training. And so this week, the way that this format works is I'm going to be delivering a training that is, Hey, Dana, how are you? I'm gonna be delivering a training that is relevant to this group. The questions that have come in over the last week and and we're going to be touching on four different topics that we're going to be talking about mastering your messaging and some sales copy stuff, we're gonna be going over strategic planning and execution in your business. And as well the art of pricing and timing. And these are a lot of questions that have been coming up with a lot of a lot of different people as far as getting these right. But before we go into that I got I got a little bit of a message that stirring inside of me right now that I that I want to just share in the beginning here, the way that the format of today works. Last week, we did our live q&a. And that was just question and answer time that was us just me answering your questions. That's where basically you can bring anything to the table. And I can help you with that. And you'll be able to find all the recordings of the sessions by going into the group right here. Oops, let me find the verification code on this to do

[43:47] Speaker 0: I am for those of you wondering, so I'm moved into my new house. But we do not have internet there. And so and the Wi Fi is just absolutely the like the cell service is not fast enough to stream something like this. So I am actually coming to you from our old house right here. The shelving was on the wall behind me here. But this is this is honestly what my office looks like right now. We're getting we're getting moved out here. But I set up this little station right here to do today is call because I know that I got super fast internet still at the at the other house that we haven't shut down and I made sure to keep it up for y'all. So I just thought you'd be you'd be interested in that we got we got two gig fiber going in. It's getting installed tomorrow at our new house. So it'll go in, it'll go in tomorrow and honestly, I procrastinated on that as my own fault, I called them two days too late for it to go in last week. So all right, here's the here's the verification code here. And the reason why I'm just I'm showing you all this is just so that everybody remembers that are that are in here. So in the in the members area. This is where you're gonna be able to find any of the recordings, any of the any of the content, any of the trainings, monthly trainings archive, this is where you'll find the recording of like last week's q&a Right here, you'll see it categorized right here in the live training. We have a next week we're doing a live q&a, today's live training day, and next week, as well because it's technically the second the second week of August. We're going to be doing our live copywriting call next week on the seventh. Okay, and so we're gonna be doing that on the seventh at 11am Live copywriting and ad rewrites. So that's next week. Got about a week and a half to prepare for that. You can also at any time post your sales copy in the Facebook group inside the Facebook group. To get any of the any of the help that you need to go, you know, go in here, go to the CG group right here. And this is where you can post anything any questions that you have Have any feedback you want to get on your on your offers launching your business, helping you out in there. So what we're doing here today is I'm going to be doing a live teaching. And we have our courses that we do as well. There's two lessons of each course, that is that that I am teaching each week. So on on Friday, those go live, we've actually set up a schedule. Now basically, they go live every Friday, every Friday morning, they will go live at 11am. And then 1pm on Friday. And you'll get the two lessons for me for whatever new course current course that we're actually teaching. So right now the courses that we're doing are the Facebook ads basics, and the sales, copy mastery we're going to be going into,

[93:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I believe I'm actually going to do one on because we got a lot of questions on email marketing, I'm gonna be diving, I'm debating what the second course is, but I think it's gonna have something to do with email. But we're going to have our next course that's coming up is gonna be about outsourcing, hiring staff, hiring a team, project management, and how to actually manage all of that. So we're able to bring that to you. Because that listen, you might be saying, I don't have the budget for that, well, once you reach 20 30,000 a month, you're going to want to be able to have that budget. And even if you're at 10 to 15,000 a month, that's going to help catapult you to that level. And so we're going to be doing a course on that as well in the members area for you. But the way that this format works is today, twice a month, I do a live training based on just I take an entire basically a whole day and I go over all the questions that have been asked by the group. And I just really meditate on those those questions. And I look at how can I bring value to this group, as a leader, to lead this group as a whole, to direct you on how to get results in your business, that's the goal of this program is for you to get financial results in your business. And, you know, success is defined a number of different ways. Success may be defined as having your house perfectly organized right now, I wouldn't say my office right now as a picture of success of organization, because you know, we just moved out of the out of here two days ago. Um, there's also financial success, there's marriage success. So the word success has a lot of different definitions depending on how we define it. So I like to define what kind of success we're talking about. In this group. My mission number one mission for this group is financial success. And then what comes after the financial success is for you to have your your time back to where you are not burnt out, you're not working 100 hours a week to where you're not killing yourself just to make those finances. And I think that those two go hand in hand right there. And then I would say third to that is like how you actually serve your clients, delivering incredible value to clients. But the purpose behind this this program is for you to take your message, get a ton of people buying your programs from you, so that you have cash flow to be able to do anything that you want to do because cash flow solves a lot of the problems that that we have a lot of the problems that people have. Can you guys hear me, okay? audio sound good. Okay, awesome. Perfect. Let me just mute this here real quick. Something that you're going to notice today is you're gonna get a little bit of a of a new version of me, I find this always happens, especially during major transitions in my life, is that there's a there's a season of me that I dreamed of for the last season and I'm stepping into that. So like when my baby boy was born, a new version of me showed up some of y'all have noticed, I'm a little bit more tactical and how I talk a little calmer, a little more confident, little more sure of myself. This new version of me that I really feel like because I've I've been working towards buying a house for since I started this business. I had a house in Arizona some y'all might not know this story. I actually bought a house. It was a beautiful house. today. I think it's worth like $700,000 in Arizona, but we sold it for right around 400,000 moved to Austin, Texas, five years ago, and started a new journey. This was when I stopped working with my mom back in 2018. And so I had actually bought the house and sold it a year and a half later. And and I've been working towards buying my own place. We've been renting this place here. It's an amazing blessing that we've been at. But this has been a big goal of mine. I thought it was like three years further out. And by working with with our lender, he was able to get us going with that. Why do you care about that? You know, honestly, I know you don't really care about any of that. But it was in the back My mind that like this was like a new season for me to step into, once I was able to with my own business profits, be able to buy a house, not because I was employed by somebody, not because I was gifted the money. But because of my own business that I built from the ground up, I was able to, to get into a place that honestly is one of it's a dream home for my wife and I. And we're super excited to do that. And so that's why I'm saying you might notice a new version of me showing up, that's more confident, that's more sure of myself. And I might say some things that a few of you may say, Wow, I liked the older version of Jeremiah a little bit better. And so I understand that. Just understand for me to help this group grow and raise this group up to the next level, I'm going to have to grow to my next level as well. And it's not that I'm outgrowing this group at all, I'm raising up everybody else that's in here to the next level with me, okay. And I truly believe this. And this is why this is relevant to you. Your breakthroughs that you have in your life.

[180:30] Speaker 0: Now, don't take this some weird way. But I believe that they are for the people that were leading. The breakthroughs that you have in your life,

[183:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: have lessons as you walk into the next season, for the people that you're leading as a mentor. And in this program, this is for mentors, trainers, thought leaders, coaches, course creators,

[187:19] Speaker 0: the people that you lead, are looking up to you as a leader to follow and the breakthroughs that you go through the things that happen in your life, have lessons for the people that follow you. And you know, in the last five years, I dealt with what I can best describe as imposter syndrome. And some of y'all might be really confused by that. I'll explain it. Because it's not really I would never have called it impostor syndrome. Because I had the track record, I had this this financial success I had done a lot, but I didn't feel like I was ready yet to step into the season, where I'm at right now. And a year ago, we launched the client growth accelerator program. One was almost exactly one year ago, we launched this program right here. And I procrastinated on launching this program. And the reason why I gave was well I'm just not ready yet. I'm just not ready yet. I don't have all the pieces figured out. I don't have the track record yet. I don't have the case studies on how many y'all can relate to feeling that way, a little bit. And even to this day, you know, I love by the way, the presentation that Alex or Mozi gave. It's so much validated what we teach here in this program, that live events that are on video, are the number one way of getting leads in your business.

[215:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: The number one way of directing people to whatever offer you have is video events where you schedule a time for people to show up right, Alex scheduled Saturday morning. Again, why Saturday morning, because it's one of the most available times for most people. And they can go through the recording on Sunday. That's by the way why I do all mine on Saturday as well.

[222:06] Speaker 0: But I could take a look at and compare myself to Alex or Mozi. And you know, Alex says he's been in online internet marketing for eight years. Well, I've been in it for two decades. So I have more experience timeline wise than Alex or Mozi. However, I never made $100 million.

[229:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. And that could cause me to feel inadequate impostor syndrome, comparing myself to Alex saying, well, since I haven't made that much yet, I guess I shouldn't be promoting

[233:57] Speaker 0: what I'm promoting until I reach that level of success. And that's the big lie that ends up happening is that we end up believing that we have to wait until we get to our next season to be able to do the things that we want to do in our business. And I know that this is going to be challenge some of you, I know this is going to make some of you feel very uncomfortable.

[241:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want you to lean into that. And I want to and I want to explain why that is. So there's this thing that's called cognitive dissonance. Cognitive Dissonance is when your mind is holding two opposing viewpoints at any given time. An example of cognitive dissonance is everybody who smokes cigarettes, knows that they will harm their body. Let's just say that, right? Because I'm not sure if everybody who smokes is gonna get killed by cigarettes, but it will definitely harm their body. It's not helping, okay? And yet the cognitive dissonance is yes, but I like it. And it's, I'm gonna quit eventually. And, and it's the holding these two ideas in our mind that are opposite of each other.

[255:09] Speaker 0: You know, an another example of cognitive dissonance is that, you know, we understand that maybe,

[258:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, there's a lot of ways that this can manifest. But you know, one of them could be that we like we, we might know, that certain minerals that are in our technology are not mined ethically, by the way, I don't know if y'all knew that. But there's, it's pretty unethical things that actually happen when it comes to technology, to get the minerals and chemicals and even companies that claim that they are ethical, aren't always above board at doing those things. And yet, we still use technology. There are people however, who will refuse to use technology because they know where certain things come from, where certain minerals come from things like that. Cognitive Dissonance is that that pain that we feel of we know one thing, but we're experiencing another and we can't seem to resolve those two conflicting beliefs together.

[273:57] Speaker 0: One of the ways that that manifests here in a program like this is just simply by enrolling in this program. You are just by being here today, just by watching this if you're watching on the video,

[278:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: making a really a declaration in a statement that I believe that I can impact people with a message if I just get enough people in front of me. And I can make finances with that message. And yet the cognitive dissonance can can be Yes, but I'm not ready yet. Well, if you're if you weren't ready yet, then why are you even here? And don't take that the wrong way and say, Well, I guess I'm not ready yet. And you're gonna quit and say, yep, Jeremiah told me I'm not ready yet. And cry and get all upset. And all of that know what I'm saying is this, the cognitive dissonance. And this is how we're going to solve this for you. This is actually one of the biggest areas of breakthrough that I have seen. In mentors and coaches, the people that I've worked with that are the most successful financially, remember, I lead with the idea of financial success, every single person that I know that is successful financially, in this business of mentoring, coaching, training, writing books, all of that.

[296:24] Speaker 0: Because I've been in the rooms behind the scenes where they kind of let their guard down and they actually start talking about how they feel. And by the way, sometimes they present themselves as one thing that's super confident, and then behind the scenes, they're like, I don't know what I'm doing. And that's what I want to say is is that most of the people that I've met that are sick, that are the most successful mentors and coaches are actually not further along in their journey than any of you here right now.

[306:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that right there is where there might be a conflict you might say Yeah, but look at their success. Look at their accolades. Look at their this and that and I can promise you this

[310:03] Speaker 0: that if you sat down with them, you know, have you ever heard this statement of don't ever meet your heroes because you'll be disappointed?

[312:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I met all of my like a ton of my heroes and I and I wasn't disappointed and it might just be because I have I love people and I have compassion and I realize the reality of people is that they're just like you and I that every successful person i right now and just like you guys you might be saying yeah, but Jeremiah, you just bought a beautiful house with a pool and and you have a thriving seven figure business. I'm telling you right now something that you might not believe.

[321:33] Speaker 0: I'm like you are exactly where you need to be to be able to be financially successful in your business. Right now, today.

[324:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: You are not way further behind me, or my clients that I've had like Joshua Giles, or Rick Pino or sandy Krakowski, and you might look or Danny Johnson. And you might look and say yes, but, and you might even find what I just said to be dishonorable to their authority and success. It's not, because I've spent times in those rooms, they are no further along in their journey than you are.

[333:13] Speaker 0: And that's, and that statement, I get. You might not believe right now, you may literally give me a laundry list of reasons why what I just said is not true.

[337:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And those will be the areas that I would encourage you to challenge in your own life as to why you think that those things are preventing you

[339:28] Speaker 0: from being successful. Now, why am I talking about any of this? Well, because here's what ends up happening.

[341:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: When we don't believe that we're ready, yet, we end up focusing and straining at a gnat at things that are not necessarily going to produce massive financial breakthrough for us.

[346:10] Speaker 1: Such as

[346:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, should I price it at $77? Should I price it at $97? Should I do it at 197? Should I be using System IO? Should I be using Click Funnels? Should I be using Kajabi? How do I set up my Stripe account? How do I get my pay pal up? How do I get my my payment links working? How do I how do I know how many days to promote my Facebook ads for and by the way, all of those are relevant questions. You know, over the last three weeks, those have been the majority of the questions that I've received. And that's what we're going to be addressing for the last half hour of this training here today, because I'm gonna be going over that with you, I'm gonna be actually teaching you from my experience, how to make those best decisions for you, which is which is awesome, it's going to be kind of like a like a, I wanted to put together a whole course on this. And I realized honestly, it's like a 3040 minute training, I don't need to do a whole course on it. But this is I believe, I'm gonna put a little star next to it. Remember, in the members area, the little stars that go next to the monthly archives means that those are must see trainings, I'm gonna put a little star next to this one as a must see training for people. Because I believe that when you can get past this level of of figuring out the minutiae and the beginning aspects in your business, you know how to you set up an LLC, you could be afraid of doing it wrong, making the mistake it not working out, things like that, and I get it. And all of that is valid and real. And I'm not trying to invalidate any of that at all.

[372:24] Speaker 0: But I want to, I want you to pay attention to where we put our focus, that is anywhere but

[375:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: increasing the amount of paid clients that we have in our business. I've said this multiple times. And listen, all of you that are here understand that I come from a place of honesty and integrity, and doing the right things by people. And so I'm not going to have to give you that disclaimer every single time that I say something like what I'm about to say, okay, the number one priority in your business is sales

[385:02] Speaker 0: and marketing. And that by no means has any definition that serving your clients is at the bottom of the list at all. I believe that serving your clients is neck and neck equal to that and comes at number two client results. I mean, we this program right here, I believe is one of the best programs that actually delivering results i I'm at a stage now where I look at and I go through different competitors programs that they charge 1000 2000 $10,000 $10,000 for and I'm looking at what they're teaching people and I'm like,

[396:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I get it. This is going to motivate people this is gonna get people going forward, and I could do better at motivating people. I think that that's an area for me to grow in in the next year. You know, I could do better at Getting you fired up to actually move forward I that's an area that I think I could grow in. But I think one of the superpowers that I do is I give you some of the strategy and the nuances that you may not get anywhere else. And that's what that's what I think one of the values are in a program like this. And it's and it's, that's why people have always hired me for is for that strategic side of things. And so if you're somebody that lacks motivation, realize this motivation is fleeting. It'll get you started, but it won't sustain you. I have a few podcast episodes on motivation versus discipline. I believe that self discipline, learning to self govern oneself, not needing to be micromanaged, controlled, having people looking over your shoulder, making sure you're doing your work, I believe that that is a level that we need to grow to every single person, if you are a business owner, if you're in this program, as to where you're not looking to me to micromanage and control everything that you're doing. And I'm just gonna say this right here, if you're looking to me to tell you everything to do in your business, I will fail you 100%. Because I don't know your business as well as you do. You know, your business better. This is a what I call a collaborative environment. And that's how you're gonna get the most out of this is by realizing a that you're the CEO of your company. We talked about this a couple of weeks ago, we did a training on seeing yourself as an elite CEO, which I also know is a trademark of Tanner chittister elite CEOs, that's the name of his company. But I love that term. I love the term elite CEOs, because I believe that that defines what we need to embody in our businesses and elite CEO, a and maybe we look at not the word elite, but a highly financially successful, effective CEO, let's use that word effective. CEO prioritizes sales and marketing and client results and listening to their target market, over everything else. This is listening to your prospects, what do they want, delivering what people want, not just what you want to give them. And as mentors, we can find that to be challenging, we can find that to be

[442:17] Speaker 1: even off putting

[443:06] Speaker 0: your market when you listen to what your market wants, might be different than what you want to give them. And that that was one of the hardest things that I had to get had to work through everything that I'm sharing with you, by the way, I've had to walk through over the last five years. When I set out to build this business.

[450:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I set out to prove what works and what doesn't. I had been inspired by a post that I had seen on social media. It was actually a very popular marketing campaign back in 2018 2019. Some of you all might have seen it. And I think there might be a comeback to this, I might even use it as a comeback. I saw a marketing campaign that said if I lost everything tomorrow, and had to start from scratch with no email lists, no clout, no influence, what would I do? And how would I start Russell Brunson ran a campaign that did that. I also saw another guy. His name was Nicholas, barely he ran a campaign that did that as well. And then I looked at my own life. And I'm like, well, guess what I actually am a case study of this. I lost all of my clout, all of my email list all of my case, all of that. I was contractually obligated to my mother's company, to not use any of the contacts that I had made through her business. I have signed a contract which looking back I think, probably wasn't the wisest thing that I had ever done. But it helped me grow inside of those constraints of not being able to use what I had access to in her business. She gave me permission, that if anybody did reach out to me then that I could do business with them. But I couldn't actively seek out anybody. And I honored that 100%

[475:47] Speaker 0: It was hard. It was very hard. But I know if God is my witness, I honored my words to Bob. And that commitment even when it costs me a lot of money, even when it made it harder to grow. So It's it's a little emotional for me because I had days where I was, I was angry about that contract. I was upset, I thought it was unfair. I was like, You know what parent would try to limit their kid from making money.

[485:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what I actually realized was it was the catalyst. And my mom, she knew what she was doing. It was the catalyst for me to develop my own skill set that I own, that I have 100% ownership over, in my own business to grow this business. And that's why what I'm telling you here today,

[490:39] Speaker 0: what I'm sharing with you here today comes from the Hard Knocks of what I've had to work through. And one of the biggest things that I had done was I had judged other mentors, other coaches harshly criticized them, for how they marketed their business for how they showed up for how they did things. And I thought, in my own arrogance that I knew better, then highly successful, multi millionaire people.

[500:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why am I sharing this with you, because I find that that ends up happening with a lot of people. But whether we realize it or not, two of the greatest things that limit us from making the kind of money that we want to make in our business.

[504:16] Speaker 0: Hopefully, I've talked about this plenty of time before, two of the greatest limiters are fear

[508:23] Speaker 0: or pride. I apologize, I did not bring my best marker here today. Fear or pride is what keeps people from being successful in their business. And so they bounce off of inside of this is what we call the comfort zone of fear and pride.

[514:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: When the success that most mentors are looking for is on the other side of past the barrier of fear, and past the barrier of their own pride. By the way, sometimes pride manifests manifests itself in different words. Sometimes pride can manifest itself now don't get too triggered by this.

[521:00] Speaker 0: But pride can manifest itself and keep you from success. And you might be calling it wisdom. You might be calling it a spirit of excellence. You might be calling it integrity. You might be even calling it honesty. And I'm not encouraging you to be dishonest, have a lack of integrity, operate without excellence.

[530:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: But what I am encouraging you to do is to challenge where did some of those definitions come from by the criticisms and judgments that you might have placed on other people? Let me show you how this manifests.

[534:57] Speaker 0: I knew a guy he was a one on one coaching client of mine, and he would always talk people out of working with him. Because quote, unquote, he was just being honest with them. And so people would ask him, well, you know, how long have you been doing this? And here's what he would say. Not long. In fact, I'm a piece of crap, and he probably shouldn't work with me. And to him, he was being honest, he he believed that that was him operating out of integrity to tell people that they shouldn't work with him. Because he was brand new at things. And I told him, I said, Hey, dude, like, what if you just like dropped that part about you being a piece of crap and people not working with you? And he said, Well, it's then then I would be lying to them. I would be misrepresenting my skill sets. I would be leading people astray.

[549:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I said, dude, first off, do you have the skill set to produce results for them? Oh, absolutely. Have you done it for yourself and other people? Oh, absolutely. Okay, great. Do you have a track record of this? Oh, absolutely. But you haven't done it for paid clients in this setting before? Nope. Never have. Okay, awesome. So, realize here that that you're you're putting your foot in your mouth a little bit by over sharing with people and calling it honesty. Because you have such a need to always be right. To always quote unquote, do the right thing and I'm not telling you again, listen I'm not telling any of you to do the wrong thing. But you need to realize that there are certain things that we might have been told in our life that we might have been taught, that might have been taught to us that we define that we have a definition of what is the right way of doing things. And it might be what has been what has gotten us to where we are today. This man I was working with, he's actually here on this program. I haven't seen him in a while. But he's, honestly he, I've seen so much growth in him in the last two years, because he was super receptive to what I was sharing, as he was just oversharing. And it came from always feeling like he had to defend himself to his ex wife. And so because of that, he was projecting what his ex wife would say about him into his sales conversation. And I find that that happens with people is that we have situations whether it be a spouse, a parent, a pastor, a leader, a teacher, a mentor, you know, they're whether you like him or not, there's a guy, I like some of what he says, But I have to not listen to some of what he says about success. Jordan Peterson, is a is a teacher. And there are certain things that he says that I completely disagree with one of those is, if your house is not perfectly in order, you have no right to mentor other people. So according to Jordan Peterson, I should not be talking to you today. If I was to operate out of integrity, according to that, see, so what I'm saying is, there's ideas that we get from even memes on social media, that end up defining how we build our business and how we build our life. And it ends up limiting us and keeping us from being successful. I saw a post the other day on social media. And I made a I made a post about it, it said this, it said, Never tell people about your success. Let them see the fruit. And that used to be something I believed. And I think it's the biggest, worst piece of advice when it comes to building a business. Because you have to promote yourself to people, you have to put yourself out there you have to promote what you're doing and tell people about what you're doing in order for people to even see it. And so by that piece of advice, never promote your success, and just let people see the fruit of it. A meme that went viral on social media could get festered inside of mentors head. And now when they come into my training, and I'm telling you to promote your business, the pride of doing all the right things, according to that belief will prevent you from promoting your business because you believe it's wrong to promote your business. And you just want people to see the fruit of it. And so you see how like, there's teachings that we might have grabbed onto, we might have seen it on social media, we might have seen it on a post that somebody made, we might have seen

[614:21] Speaker 0: whatever. And we've made these beliefs of what is the right way to do things. Which by the way, when it comes to business, I'm going to tell you secret, there's no such thing as the right way to do things.

[620:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because it's different for everybody. It's different for everybody. What's right for one may not be right for another. There's a lot of gray area when it comes to business. And so we can let what we believe is the right way of doing things prevent us because we're either afraid of what might happen if we go outside of those bounds, or the pride parts. Really, this was the hardest one? Well, I would never I hear people say that I would never lower myself down to that level and ruin my reputation.

[630:16] Speaker 0: I would never hurt and harm my reputation, so much as to do what you Jeremiah are telling people to do. And I meet people at least once a week who told me that

[635:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I believe worrying what everybody thinks about you all the time is one of the worst, most harmful activities that we can do in business constantly concerning ourselves with the opinions of other people. Listen, if you operate with honesty and integrity and and I define that. A, by what? I'm a Christian by what the Bible says. So my Christian values to find that and be I have my own definition of that that's very different from other people. I, the lady told me the other day, it is unethical and dishonest, to ask people for testimonies in your business. So by her definition of what is the right things to do in her business, asking for testimonies is something that she refuses to do unless she decides that that's actually an okay thing to do. And sometimes you may need to push the envelope of what feels comfortable, you may need to push the envelope of even what feels like you're ready to do to start moving things forward. And especially listen, I find that coaches and mentors have the hardest time with this, with what I've just shared here in the last 40 minutes. The reason why is because we know way too much. We know way too much about personal development, about trauma. And you might be hearing me say I'm Jeremiah, what about my trauma, I have my trauma to work through I have my trauma to heal from at some point with as a mentor and coach, we have to decide that our trauma is no longer going to prevent us from moving forward. And that we are going to move forward, we have to make a decision that we're not going to wait until we're quote unquote, fully healed. I've heard people say that you should never mentor people until you're fully healed, or you'll hurt other people.

[668:41] Speaker 0: You know, that statement right? There stopped me from building this business for three years. When there was no reason that I should have that I should have not built this business.

[672:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I let what I believe to be the right way of doing things. So I thought that I had to wait until I felt certain until I felt peace until I felt like everything was in order to move things forward to promote my business. And that's just simply not true. That's just simply not a recipe for success. And the most successful people that I know, they are willing to take messy action, they're willing to drop balls. Here's one, they're willing to disappoint people. That's a big one. You know, I made a decision a year and a half ago. And it was inspired by Nicole LePre, the holistic psychologist on Instagram, I loved what she had made a post as I'm making a decision this year to disappoint more people. The horror? Or is that the path to your financial success? I believe it is. And I believe that one of the biggest reasons why we stop ourselves from succeeding is because we're operating inside of these these artificial boundaries that are not healthy for us that are not helping us. And listen, I'm not telling you to just throw all caution to the wind and and be 100% reckless and everything that you do. But what I am encouraging you to do is that you might need to challenge some of the unmovable standards that maybe you've made for your life and the decisions that you've made about where you're willing to go, what you're willing to do and what you're putting off in order to succeed because here's what ends up happening. We end up not getting so distracted by the minutiae, the pricing in my business, the timing, am I good enough to charge this much for a new client? Absolutely. You are. Even if you don't have a track record, even if you don't have a case study, you can still charge 1000 to $2,000 for your mentoring. Oh, but what if they don't like the content, and they get angry at me and they come back? Well, hey, that's why I would actually put a money back guarantee on your offer. I think it's a good thing to do. Take some of the risk away actually makes things easier for you to do or say you don't offer refunds. That's also fine, too. I know plenty of people that didn't offer refunds. Rick Pino never offered refunds, Joshua Giles never offered refunds, and they would have people all the time asking for them that they wouldn't offer them to because those were decisions that they had made in their business. Do I think that that was right or wrong? It was their own personal decision to make. It is

[720:35] Speaker 0: What we have to address these feelings of imposter syndrome? See impostor syndrome, does it go away?

[723:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just by having success, it might, at some point dissipate. But then what ends up happening is a new level appears, right? Like, I'm wrestling a little bit with like, I would love to have a podcast episode with Alex or Mozi. I'm feeling a little bit still personal impostor syndrome, about reaching out to him to have a podcast episode with him.

[730:17] Speaker 1: I might need to get over that soon.

[731:06] Speaker 0: I think that in the next year, I'm gonna have a podcast episode with Alex Remo, ziana. He's, I love him. I love his wife. I love their content. I think they're amazing people. And I think they have a great message that can help our audience. By the way, Alex and I have complete opposite views on faith.

[735:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: And yet, I can still learn from him. Because I don't need everybody to agree with me to be on my podcast to be in my space, to be able to influence me to be able to learn the good stuff, if they're further along in some area that I want to grow in.

[740:24] Speaker 0: I want to learn from those people I want to learn what are they doing differently. And I can tell you, the people that are further along financially in their mentorship business, they're willing to drop balls, they're willing to disappoint people they are willing to, and they've processed through the fear I was I used to be so terrified of disappointing people. It was my biggest fear. It was why I didn't launch this program until last year. By the way, like we literally I, we've had over 300 people come through this program, one person has told me they were disappointed in the program, one out of 300. Like, that's awesome, they've learned a lot of programs can say that. And the guy was upset because I didn't give him one on one attention in and he thought that it was one on one, which I had made very clear to him that it wasn't a one on one program, I had actually given him a lot of one on one attention even on our live calls, but wasn't enough. So.

[759:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you got to become okay with that you're not going to please everybody. And you're not going to make everybody happy. Your pricing and your business has more to do with your beliefs about yourself than what the marketplace is willing to pay.

[764:29] Speaker 0: That told you what you're going to be getting with me as a new version of me a bit bolder, a bit more willing to sting a little bit. Because I need to tell you the things that you need to hear to help you become successful. And I can't hold back any longer out of fear of upsetting people. You know, I had fear in this business a year ago, when I launched it of lose of, of people joining the program and quitting. People coming in here, and leaving now doesn't bother me at all. Because I have so much confidence in our system, that it works, and that it produces results. That if you don't want to be in this program, if you're not vibing with me, if you're not feeling it, I would rather you write and leave, I would rather you not be here. Honor percent. And I tell people that all the time. And that's the place that you want to get to in your business as well. That didn't come by the way from anything that had to do with my quote unquote, results or track record that was 100% up here. That was 100% mental, had nothing to do with the results that I've created at all. It was 100% Based on the thinking of how I perceive and look at my business. And so when it comes to you pricing in your business, your pricing is only merely limited by what you believe people are willing to pay now there's a few price works fine.

[793:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: The reason that keeps happening is my chair is a little bit lower, and I think it's at a different angle than I normally have that

[795:58] Speaker 0: there's a few price break breakdowns that work really well. For instance, on your free offers or if you do a low cost paid workshop, I consider those the same type of thing to seven to $27. And you could do 17 bucks, you could do 13, you can do 23. Once you break past 27 bucks, the amount of sales you get decreases like crazy. And so seven to 27 bucks is the sweet spot for entry level offers. Okay? You're not going to make a profit off of this though, for your main offer 497 to $2,500. These are the best price break points for you to make a profit on your ad spent. And some of you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, can't you just tell me which one to do? That's up to you to decide. That's up to you to choose? Well, can't you just tell me what you want to do? I think you should do. For most of y'all, if you can't make a decision do do right in the middle 997 $1,000. In this economy today, by the way, the US that the dollar is worth half of what it was. And again, I'm not gonna argue economics with you or actual inflation rate. But it feels like it's worth about half what it was three years ago. And so $500.03 years ago is basically like charging $1,000. Today, you know, a $350,000 house is selling for about $700,000 today. So I look at it in terms of that if you were charging $1,000.04 years ago, charge 2000 or 2500 today. Now there are certain psychological breakpoints as well with people to where they need that there's a drop off in sales, once you get past 2500, there's a huge break off of how many sales you're going to get. So you'll you'll literally sell more at 2500 than you would at 3000. So I would recommend 2500 is the upper limit here, then go up to 5500 7500 9500. These are three price points that we've tested that we've had success with.

[841:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And each of them pretty much works just as good as as the other. So I would say go right all the way up to 10,000 right there. And you can offer payment plans. You can offer financing at this level, you could even offer financing at the 1000 to $2,000 level payment plans, you could do a three Pay option at 500 bucks, to get people to register with you. And so deciding on your pricing ultimately still has to do with your belief. And really it's a boundaries issue is what it is.

[851:28] Speaker 0: It's how much money you require people to pay you to encroach upon your boundary. Let me explain that. This program right here, to join the accelerator. To become a member of the accelerator, you have to pay a certain amount of money to get access, there is a boundary of entry.

[858:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if you don't have the finances, you can't get in. I get sob stories every month from people about how much I've ruined their life, because of how much I charge for this program. Not clients to the program people that aren't in the program because they can't afford it. And they said Jeremiah, if only you had morals, ethics and integrity, and actually charged 500 bucks, then I could succeed. But because of that I'm on welfare and you're responsible. And I've gotten messages from people that have told me that. Again, that's their story. That's their narrative that they've created that they've decided in their mind and it's not my job to manage, maintain more control other people based on socio economic conditions, just because people believe that the value of what I offer and they can't actually see the value of what's in this program. And so, this is a boundaries issue and a belief issue as to at what level are you willing to allow people to encroach upon you to get access with you now. At a higher price point you can bundle in different bonuses. You can add BONUS products, you can add different bonus classes you could add more support If you just have a course, you can immediately double the price of your course by adding in q&a sessions support, accountability, helping people being able to actually be there live and interact with people versus just pre recorded.

[884:54] Speaker 0: Different levels of access different levels of boundary equate to how much you charge on this list right here. So hopefully that helps you kind of figure out what the price point is, with people for you to be able to grow your business, you have to confidently express your value to people. And that really is what your messaging is, in your business, your messaging and your sales copy. And listen, we have a number of different trainings that are in the members area on sales copy, we have a course that I'm going through about sales copy.

[895:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have our copywriting rewrite call next Thursday, on September 7, we'll be meeting up on September 7, to actually help you rewrite your copy, you can go post in the group about your sales copy, I can give input on that guidance and direction about the sales copy. But here's what what the most important part about your sales copy is, is you have to show up confidently what I see one of the biggest problems that a lot of people make is that they end up talking people out of working with them in their sales copy, because they quote unquote, want to be honest, or quote unquote, cover all the bases, or they don't want to, quote unquote, lead people astray off of a certain path.

[909:00] Speaker 0: Here's a way that that might look, say, Well, I know what you're thinking this is really expensive. Absolutely. I would drop that off of your sales letter, if that's on there. Or you might be saying, you know, maybe you've been through programs like this before, can we help you probably not. If you put that on your sales copy. Because you say Well, only 5% of my clients get results. So I should tell them on the sales copy, you're probably not going to get results

[918:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would leave that off of the sales copy. Your sales copy is where you want to come across as the most confident version of yourself. That's the boldest that is promising the result and outcome that people are looking for. And there might be parts of your message that you might leave out of that what I've just shared with you today. I don't share in my free content on my free events. Because I know that most people are not ready to hear that. And when I I actually did used to share a lot of that. And I used to get a lot of nasty messages and emails from people that didn't know who I was that assumed that I was encouraging. A lot of people assume that I was encouraging people to be fraudulent. When I'm saying you know that they would take the statement where I was like, don't focus so much on doing all the right things. And then like you're encouraging fraud, I would be like, No, not really. But if that's how you if you want to project that onto me, okay, whatever. So I reserve certain messaging and certain language, when people are actually in our program, does that make me dishonest to people that as they're coming into the program, not at all, because I want to be able to qualify people that are ready to hear the message. And there's an appropriate time to talk about certain things, versus other times to not talk about certain things, you know, when we're when we're at the negotiating table, and this is where a lot of people miss it. When they're negotiating something, you don't want to lay all of your cards out to everybody, all at once. And and some of you might hear that, and you might say, well, that, that that is a lack of integrity, Jeremiah. And that might be a belief that you have and you might have a belief that to not lay all your cards out at once and let people decide is a lack of honesty and integrity. I would challenge you that that that is how you strategically show up to a sales interaction. That's how you strategically give a sales presentation. And when you can learn what to say how to say it, when to say it, when to show them when to fold them. What the right timing is as far as that goes. And there's a cadence to it and we show you that in that there's a course called selling for people who struggle to sell or I break this down more than I can in the next 60 seconds. But if you're somebody that like says, you know, I just I feel icky, and yucky, when it comes to sales, I feel disgusting. When it comes to getting people to buy something from me, that course might be able to help you with that. And you might want to challenge what judgements you've had towards other salespeople that are out there, other mentors that have sold programs, other people who have have tried to sell you on certain things, and then decisions that maybe you made. As a process of that one of the biggest things that I saw that limited me from being successful in my business

[970:49] Speaker 0: was the harsh judgments that I had towards other people, was the harsh judgments that I had of what I thought that they should do, and shouldn't do. And I believed, and I said, I will never do what those people over there do. And I made these decisions of I will never cross that line right there.

[976:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what ends up happening is, is because we draw a line in the sand, we end up staying so far away from that line in the sand, that even if there's like some gray area, we end up avoiding, it's so hardcore, that we end up not even doing the things that are very ethical have integrity are honest, that aren't going to help us but they might be very close to that line. And as you go through the trainings as you go through the programs, see, there's a reason why people in this program are making money and getting results in their business. Because I'm willing to actually say the things that most mentors are not willing to say, because they're too afraid of their reputation being tarnished. Because I want to see you succeed. What I'm pulling from for you right now is from conversations that I've had in back rooms with people that make millions of dollars, that they won't tell anybody, but I'm bringing that to you because I'm pulling back the curtain. And I'm showing you what works, and what produces results and what gets results. One of the best books that I know on this topic.

[994:38] Speaker 0: And I'll leave you with this when it comes to selling. There's something that that that's called the truth, well told.

[996:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Storytelling is the foundation of success when it comes to our presentations in our business, getting sales and getting more clients. But you remember when I when I mentioned my client, who was always telling people, well, I'm a piece of crap, and you shouldn't work with me. In his mind, that's true.

[1002:30] Speaker 2: However,

[1003:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that makes him come across very insecure and worries people while he was trying to sell and he couldn't get sales. Was he dishonest for leaving that out of his conversation? Again, some of you may argue that he would be, you might want to challenge why you think that that's dishonest to disclose that you feel like a piece of crap and nobody should work with you. But I lean more towards what's called the truth well told, where he can tell people hey, listen, I'm just getting started here. We've worked with a lot of clients in XYZ industry and gotten them a lot of great results. And I am confident that I'm gonna give it my very best to serve you today. Was any of that in his situation untrue? Not at all. But he framed it in a way that exuded confidence. He never made a false claim at all. But he framed the truth in a way that would get people to buy from him. You know, for me, in my own business, I dealt with this imposter syndrome.

[1020:54] Speaker 0: I had made multiple six figures for years. So I had never had any sort of doubts on that. But I had helped a lot of people generate eight figures in their business. I've never, like this business doesn't make eight figures make seven figures.

[1025:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Before I even hit seven figures, I had impostor syndrome, telling people, I built eight figure businesses. But my own business is only making multiple six figures. I had to balance that and I actually chat GPT helped me do this. I talked to Chad GBT and I said, What's the best way to explain this to people? And I said, So I built multiple eight figure businesses, my own business is making XYZ and we're growing on a growth trajectory towards that level. And so I'm able to present myself tell the truth in a way that is well told that builds trust with people without putting myself down without holding myself back without sounding like I couldn't produce the results that I was selling to people. And so that's one of the biggest things that you want to do is you want to learn how to frame what you do in a way that sounds really exciting. That builds confidence in the people that you're selling to that you can actually deliver the results to them. And that's one of the biggest areas that I see that a lot, especially a lot of mentors and coaches, because they're so focused on their mentoring side of things they avoid, and that they struggle with, is to be able to to confidently share how they're able to produce results for clients. Because there's so much in the weeds of the minutiae of the day to day of what they're doing. And so this is an area for you to grow in, that can help you as you go out there, and you do presentations. And as you sell, we have the course the successful challenges and webinars course, we have the selling for people who struggle to sell course, those two will help you get more confident in how you present yourself, how you frame what you do in a way so that you can get more clients. All right. So hopefully, this has helped you. We kind of went on a little bit of a journey here today. But I know that if you get this and you get what I've talked about today, man, it's going to change your life, and it's going to change your business more than anything else. So I'm gonna take some questions here. Now, if you want to raise your hand and ask some questions.

[1059:46] Speaker 0: And, and I want to I want to take some questions here. As far as

[1061:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: as well related to kind of what we what we had talked about here today in the in the in the lesson.

[1063:27] Speaker 0: Any questions? If you want me to go over your over your sales copy? And stuff? We can also do some of that, but I want to let's see, Dorothy, what's up? How are you, Dorothy?

[1066:22] Speaker 1: Yeah, great. Yeah, really good. Yeah. He's the coming to your mom's event.

[1067:46] Speaker 0: And I heard that.

[1068:18] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Yeah. So related to that. I'm now looking at how I can automate things for that week. In terms of because I'm doing my early morning, min. Membership. So I want to set it up so that each of those sessions are actually recorded. But I like when you do your free sessions. And it's actually people are logging into zoom, but you've already recorded it. So how do you do that? So

[1076:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the automated marketing secrets course, I walk you through that whole process.

[1078:09] Speaker 1: Okay. Yeah, yeah. Because it's really great. Yeah, how that sort of seems like it's a live session, but you've already recorded it. So any other tips in terms of sort of preparing, like, if you're going away? And you know, you're going to have a bit of time off? I mean, I will still be available to my administrator, but you know, that in terms of how you prepare, so things are set up?

[1085:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: How, sorry, helped me understand here because I just how they're set up, that's in the course it goes through that.

[1087:27] Speaker 1: Yeah. Oh, okay. Typically,

[1087:44] Speaker 0: are you asking about?

[1088:08] Speaker 1: Okay, um, well, I suppose that she is mainly just having everything pre recorded. So I think that's, you know, that's the main thing. So if you

[1091:03] Speaker 0: do pre record things, you got two ways to do that. You can either pre record it as if it's live. And so you kind of just want to like, talk to the camera as if it's a live broadcast. I'll not do anything different. Or you tell people, hey, this has been pre recorded, I recorded this day. And you can record it that way. But the way that you actually deliver your session shouldn't be any different.

[1096:43] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. I think I will tell people that it's pre recorded. So that that's what,

[1098:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's great. Yeah. So then, when, if you're going to do it through zoom, you do have to have a computer set up and have it actually broadcast that there's a lesson in the in the training right here.

[1101:48] Speaker 0: automating your live streams, Zoom OBS right here as well as how to do that. So that's in the automated marketing secrets course, right here. Yeah,

[1104:12] Speaker 1: I can come my administrator, I actually do that for me if I've sent him the recording. You

[1106:24] Speaker 0: can he I mean, I don't know your administrators skill set level. Yeah. But if they can go through, yeah, you can send them the log into the recording and go through it for sure.

[1109:13] Speaker 1: Yeah. Okay. Great. Yeah. So we can sort of we could test it out beforehand. Yeah. Great. Okay. Yeah. Brilliant. Yeah. So I think that's, that's mainly the thing I'm working with at the moment. And then also, the other thing was just a tiny thing about when I'm working with the process of like, actually getting the sale. Sometimes there can be a slight wobble just at the moment before like, I've got one student who's really been keen to start to sell actually buy the course. But now we're just getting to the moment where she was going to buy the course. And she's kind of step back a bit. So

[1119:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so how will you they're gonna buy a course They often won't. Yeah. So I've found that to be the case is that most people who actually are excited and tell you that they're going to jump into something, won't they? My mom, I asked my mom about this, she said that there's a lot of people who are addicted to committing to things and then never doing anything. Because they get an emotional dopamine hit from saying they're going to do something and not actually doing it. Yeah. So that's part of it. Or you can follow up with them and say, hey, you know, I would just say, Hey, you mentioned that you were going to jump in here. Enrollment is still open, here's the link to do this. But you have until then, to do that. And listen, if they don't enroll, they showed you their true intentions. And honestly, that's just somebody that they have a very hard time actually, they didn't want to disappoint you. They didn't want to make you feel bad. They didn't want you to be upset with them. So they instead told you a story that they were going to sign up when they had no intention of doing so.

[1134:34] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. Well, I think with this person that they would actually really like to do, because they've been coming along. They've been on a free months. And they've been really committed to doing the yoga over that time, you know? So we'll just see, you know, but hopefully she will. Yeah. So we'll just see how it goes. But I think you just have to kind of step back and let them themselves at that point. You know, if you've given them all the details and stuff. You know, I don't feel I can push her to.

[1142:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's where also you want to definitely make sure like you remind people, yeah, you want to send those reminders. Because sometimes people won't sign up because you haven't reminded them enough. But that's that's actually why we use deadlines. That's why we use like the doors are closing certain type of things, so that they don't just wobble and take a long time to do stuff. But at the end of the day, I mean, I had on the last presentation, I had like six people, they sent me like

[1150:56] Speaker 0: letters privately as to why they were so excited to join the accelerator. And they didn't they didn't enroll. They didn't register. Yeah. And I'm not going to follow up with them, either. I'm not going to see what happened. I in the beginning of my business, I was interested in that. Now I'm not i i know that our systems are dialed in to where I'm just not not concerned about convincing somebody that they should that is not wanting to know where you're at in your business. Because you're starting, you may want to figure out, you know, you could ask this strategic question. I know you said that you were going to jump in but you didn't. What happened? What changed? Is there anything that I could have done to win over your business? And that's a simple question that I used to ask. In the past. Here's the thing, though, be prepared. About 30% of the time when you ask that question, you might get cussed out by somebody. Yeah. Yeah.

[1167:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had people that I would ask that question. They're like, who that freak? Do you think you are? pressuring me to try to change my? Yeah, you know, so like, people, I listen to that. People will take it whatever way that they think they will you know what I mean? So I just, I'm just telling you kind of how it is and how it goes. And that's just how people are, they're their people,

[1173:54] Speaker 1: because it is pressing their buttons, you know, that you're going all the way you're coming to everybody's going

[1175:19] Speaker 0: through different stuff, most of the time has, actually all the time, I would say has nothing to do with you. Yeah, it has nothing to do with anything that you actually did. It has everything to do with they probably have something else going on in their life. They might have committed to join and then realize, oh, I can't pay my rent this month. Oh, or they're maybe they.

[1181:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: But my, my mom talks about this, they committed to join and they've joined 12 other programs, and their spouse is like the No, you're not joining another program.

[1184:52] Speaker 0: That's a very real situation, especially when you're at scale with people as if that can happen. So I tried to not figure out what those situations are in the past I used to really stress over trying to figure out why people didn't and now it's just like I focus more on those that have jumped in that have taken action and kind of how can I get more of those people what are their desires what are they wanting? And how can I help serve those people and that's why this group is filled with incredible people you know, I mean, that are that are in here. I love this group I love

[1194:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: was it challenging this morning to get up and and to drive 40 minutes away from my house here to have a good clean internet connection. And to do that, sure it is but I love the opportunity to be able to show up like this. Side note to that it's really fun. Our new house my wife's parents live three minutes away from us. And so they're both able to help with our baby and stuff like that. So that's really helpful, which is cool. Yeah. All right, Dorothy.

[1202:05] Speaker 1: Yeah. Brilliant. Yeah. So, obviously, we'll follow up with, you know, to the marketing plan. I'm gonna send you the marketing plan for the next five weeks. That's

[1204:48] Speaker 0: great. Yeah. And we'll go over that together. I need to send you the the copy audit questionnaire as well. I

[1208:15] Speaker 1: don't think so.

[1208:36] Speaker 0: Do that. Yeah, no. You're later today. So.

[1209:52] Speaker 1: So yeah, we're in the first week of our five week marketing plan. So it's gonna be quite a quick around because we're changing the prices.

[1212:31] Speaker 0: So y'all don't know, Dorothy has taken the leap to work with me for the next 12 months one on one, which is exciting. So she was actually a previous one on one client that was grandfathered in at a really low rate, which is fun. So I created kind of like a special deal for her since she was already a past one on one client. I'm excited to to keep working with you on that.

[1218:02] Speaker 1: Super committed with it all. Yeah, that's great.

[1219:09] Speaker 0: All right. Let's see Catherine. Hey, what's up, Catherine?

[1220:32] Speaker 3: Hey, there, um, I'll try to jump all over the board. Because I feel like I have so many questions I just want to go through I submitted some copy to you. And you had shared with me, you know, the chat JpT thing that we went through a little bit together. And I had already went back to that from Saturday before I submitted resubmitted that to you, because it was a little confusing to me. I felt like I wasn't able to figure out how to actually use your prompts. Like accurately to go through for some reason I just struggle with like speaking to chat GPT. So I started going through the chat GPT course you have for writing copy to like figure out how to talk to it. So where I'm at right now is trying to figure out you had suggested go to the landing page course and go through landing page blueprint. That's what you call them. Yeah. So I started that one this week. And and I'm confused about why I would go through that one first to learn to write copy, because it seems like at the very beginning, you said that it's not about writing copy. It's about like the layout of your landing page. So could you help me to understand really where I need to start focusing my efforts to get this copy dialed in so I can start working towards?

[1240:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Definitely the landing page blueprint course landing page blueprint is more of a like an overall, how do you lay out a good landing page, because your landing page structure. So it's, it's not about like the exact words of what to put in the copy. But it is very much about how you structure a landing page. And so one of the things that I found, like with your landing pages is that some of their structure was a little bit all over the place. And so I wanted to help you kind of understand the like the best way that really is working well for landing pages. And the first two lessons in that course particularly go over that they there. Again, I'm not going over, like how do you write copy in it? But it is about like, how do you structure it in the landing page itself. So it's a it's it came from a lot of people had asked me earlier this year, we had a number of people, they were like, Hey, can you just show me like how to lay out a landing page that works best. And so that's what that course is. And then the copyrighting mastery course the one that you're going through, those two together, are going to kind of give you sort of the one side and the other side of the coin. And that will really give you great information.

[1260:41] Speaker 3: Okay, so we started some swipe files, like you suggested, you know, just kind of pulling from other people's. Yeah. And I'm not sure Yeah, exactly how to implement using those. But I've started when I found one. And I remember you going through and saying okay, you can just copy my sales letter, for instance, and say rewrite my sales letter to something how you prompted it to do just like yours. How would that work? I mean, could I just do that because I feel like I have gotten it so confused because of where I'm trying to fix what they've done. That I'm like, I just feel like I just need to scratch all this and start over but I don't want to spend all that time to do it. Good.

[1272:04] Speaker 1: Yeah.

[1272:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is where I would like okay, let's breathe relax. All right. That's sort of my like, first step is I'm like okay, yeah, cuz I like when we get that confused. It's like let's take a break from it a little bit because we can get super like, let's focus on it so hard that we confuse ourselves more than anything else. That's one of my I this sounds weird, but like that's one of my best copywriting piece of advice to people is if you get overwhelmed, take step back. Go do something else. If I found that that actually helps me write some of the best copy. And then from there, what we had gone over on the, I think it was either the Saturday or the Tuesday with the sales copy, that was a really good like starting place. For some of the new copy that you have. The landing page blueprint is going to show you how we structure it, you want to have the hook the headline, the storytelling section there. And then I gave you in the group, I gave you some suggestions on how to tweak your current landing page, what to remove from it. And so then combine that with what we had gone over, together and chat GPT. And I think that that's a really great starting place for you as far as getting your sales copy ready to launch and to put out there to test to see because he would send you an already gotten a few sales. I think this will take it to where you go from just a few sales to more than just a few sales. Yeah. So

[1296:01] Speaker 3: when I had sales before, it was because of the work that I had done with my my initial like, coach who helped me start learning how to do all this kind of like, what do you do? Then once you started working with these, this marketing company everything like tanked because they went in and redid all these things. And I was like, I don't like any of it. But I just let them do it because I thought, you know, going to follow their programs, so I can let them say it's going to work. So I have and that leads me to the other question. So I have brought on nine clients since October of last year. Okay. And I did that in two separate challenges. And I ran a four day mindset reset is called a weight loss. Mindset reset, buddy, I need you to stop pushing the buttons. I'm so sorry. And I brought in four clients on each of those challenges and then to clients separately outside of that. I've sold my program for 1997. One time out of those nine people that have come in. Okay, one time the other people have come in at 1497. All this because I mentioned you mentioned maybe lowering the price mine at seven because it's a Christian, Christian, you know, atmosphere, which it is a Christian business. And I have noticed that it's been the biggest thing people are like, I just can't afford your program. you're a Christian, and you should be doing all this for free. Which I course I get a lot of that. Yeah, yeah. No, my time is still. I'll pray for people. And we'll never charge people for that, you know, that kind of thing. Yeah, more counseling. And mentoring, like you talked about that takes there's a weird

[1320:46] Speaker 0: like, psychological break I have especially found in the Christian market, because I've worked a lot in that market. Above like 1000 1500 bucks. It's like, Oh, it's too expensive. And so outside of the Christian market, it's 2500 Is that breaking point?

[1326:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: But inside of if you're like, specifically faith based, I think, bring it back to since you had success at 1497. I would I would go back to that price.

[1328:43] Speaker 3: Okay. How would you feel? How would you feel as a client who paid 9097 To see your program, your coach's program, go down to 1497 and be cheaper than when how you came in? How would you feel about that? That's my reservation. about lowering prices for people who've already paid more? Um

[1337:11] Speaker 0: it's a number of different ways I can answer that. Because you said it was only one person, right?

[1338:32] Speaker 3: One person came in at 9097? Yes, the other ones were at 1497.

[1339:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, generally, I you wouldn't be promoting your program to that person who already joined already. Yeah. So at that point, you can tell them like you can or if they I would wait till if they say anything, okay. And then maybe offer them like a bonus with you or something. If they push the issue, you can offer them a partial refund at that point, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't worry as much about that. Because right now you're you're in the testing stages of your pricing and your marketing and it is just one person. Since it is one person like I've done that where I've sold a package at one price, and then I we have lowered it. And 99% of the time we never hear back from the other people

[1354:59] Speaker 0: almost like very like very rarely. If we do we did offer them a partial refund, so just because it's only one person I think you could think it would be okay to do that.

[1358:00] Speaker 3: Yeah, and I thought to I had promoted my program as a lifetime access so that they wouldn't pay like you do a yearly where we would pay this one No, no months and then come in and do it again, if we wanted, I offered it as a lifetime, because I was getting, you know, getting off the ground. But now I've cut it where it's just 12 months, and after 12 months, you have access to the program's course, but you don't have access to the group coaching unless you want to come in and pay like you're doing right? That's a smart idea. So I thought if she did, or anybody else even did if I did it at 997, and went down 50%, if any of those ladies had anything to say that would be something maybe I could say, well, you have lifetime access, I

[1368:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: could do 1497. Or yeah, you could say you have lifetime access these people didn't again, I have not seen it be because if it's the same program, I also I, for me, I segment out anybody who's joined my programs, from receiving a lot of like, my marketing messages from our other programs, because it's like, then it's kind of like, they're already in the program. I don't need to like send out. So I actually do segments out like anybody who's in the accelerator isn't getting all of the emails that I'm sending all the time. Unless they have another email list, or another email that's on my email list. We have people that are in the accelerator there, they got two email addresses. So they're getting my marketing emails every year, you know, so but as far as that goes, yes, there is some of that, that you have to navigate.

[1381:13] Speaker 0: It's a hard thing in business is this is where it's like, it's it's it is a hard lesson, even though it's a Christian program. And also, this is one of those like it is also business, and you're running a business, and you've got to decide what the price point is, that's going to be most profitable for you. And so that's where, you know, maybe you could offer like, the way I would do is like, Hey, here's a few like bonuses, I'll give you lifetime access. Let's meet up let's do two sessions together one on one as bonus as far as that goes to,

[1389:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: but, but I try to not worry so much about that. That's one of the reasons why I like to as far as integrity goes, start at a lower price point and then start to raise the price over time. Because I find that I don't ever get any of those messages from people when we raise the price. Um, we did have that happen with Rick Pino where like, we did a sale. And he was like, Oh, crap, we sold 500 At this price, and then we cut it in half. And he issued refunds to 500 people. So that's a personal decision you might have to make. That's why and that was a hard decision for him. He was like, Okay, let's dial in our pricing, I see why that's important to dial in the pricing. So that you're not you're not dealing with that. But there is also like, the other thing that he did it was then he offered like bonuses to those people. And there was like 10% of the people were just really angry and upset. And they wrote in and they were just like, wanted to burn his house down. But like

[1406:46] Speaker 0: it's like, which is funny. It's like, Christian people come up with some pretty interesting stuff that they threaten people with. But I've seen it all.

[1410:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, man, I can I can tell you stories. But yeah, at that point, too. It's like, because you have such your numbers are so small, it's not as big of an issue. Yeah, let's get 10 Let's get 10 more sales at the new price. And then address it there if you have to.

[1414:28] Speaker 3: Yeah. Okay, that's really helpful. And then my last question, what Cheryl

[1415:17] Speaker 0: said is also true, you know, you buy a dress, and you go back and it's half off? You know, not always is this does the store gonna give you half price off? Totally. So that's like that, again, that's your decision as a business owner to make you as a business owner can also decide to not give refunds to Yeah, that's

[1420:17] Speaker 3: really good. Thank you for that. One last really quick question so that I'm clear. The way that I have my my program. So pages structured so far, it's an opt in page or you call it something different but an opt in page and then that goes to the sales page. Is that? Is that okay? The way that it's set up, do you think or would you tweak anything? Because yours is a waitlist that goes to a sales page? Once you open? Correct?

[1426:50] Speaker 0: Yeah, I have a waitlist that goes to they're essentially the same sales page, I just replaced the purchase links with the waitlist link that I had, I just Yeah, I just replaced the the purchase links with a waiting list. So it's all the same page as far as that goes. But then I have my FREE offers that are the like the webinars and the challenges too. So those are like landing pages and opt in pages to get people on my email list that I can then make a presentation to.

[1434:59] Speaker 3: So there do you think it's necessary to have this opt in to the sales page? The way that it's set up? The way they've set it up to opt in to see the sales page? Oh, that's how they have it set up there. The

[1438:51] Speaker 0: funnel looks like I wouldn't have it to where they have to opt in to see the sales page I would just put that all on one thing.

[1440:42] Speaker 3: Okay, that's where I've been struggling because there's so much copy. Are you okay, buddy? Yeah, there's so much copy on this opt in page that you're saying is kind of redundant on the sales page is what you'd said in the face,

[1444:07] Speaker 0: but it's redundant. So I'm gonna good I'll actually turn people off, I think to know, I

[1445:12] Speaker 3: agree. 100%. So, yes, I'm loving that you're, you're coming in, in my mind when I'm like, Yeah, this

[1446:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I feel like, I hope what I shared today resonated with you, like, I'm not telling you to not, like, share this stuff with people. But sometimes there's things like you don't want to put on your sales page.

[1450:13] Speaker 3: Oh, yeah, I agree. 100% No, I agree. That's what I want to learn, like, so that I'm totally open to that. But and I've been in sales a long time. So I do get it like I do. But um, so basically, the, the opt in page doesn't need to be there, I just need to can merge them together to look like the funnel being just that they go to the sales page. And if they're interested in coming, you know, into the program, they would just go to the order form, and then the thank you page, so sales page, no opt in page sales page,

[1458:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: the last steps that you have in your process, in the I call it the money taking step for lack of a better term, like whatever they actually go and they give you their money, the less steps you have, the better on that. Okay.

[1463:14] Speaker 3: Okay, that's really helpful. So then in general, the the page that you have up for the, for the joint join, the waitlist is exactly the same as your sales page. But the links are different. It is

[1465:52] Speaker 0: yes. And the reason I do that is so that people are essentially reading my sales letter, and they can go back and see what they signed up for. So like, this is the exact same page that everybody in here signed up for. You can just go back, it just doesn't have the bonuses on it. But it's everything else, but the bonuses, and then instead it has this right here.

[1473:20] Speaker 3: So, okay, yeah, that's really helpful. When you get people on your waitlist like that. You just open your doors up at, you know, basically every time you do a presentation, whatever your schedule looks like every two weeks, every once a month, and then you will go into doing

[1476:58] Speaker 0: like sick every six to eight weeks.

[1477:35] Speaker 3: Okay. So, okay, all right. Thank you.

[1478:42] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Since this is great, which is awesome. Um, oh, man.

[1482:29] Speaker 0: Marley's had her hand raised, and then she left. Michelle. What's up, Michelle? And then I'll take Cheryl, there we go. Hey, how's it going? Good. How are you?

[1485:42] Speaker 2: Very well. I was walking the dog single camera today. Real? Real quick question. I have a YouTube channel. And I know you've posted on YouTube. So I am using chat GPT. And when I asked for descriptions to promote my YouTube channel or something with AI, am I and the correct understanding that chat GPT only goes to 2019. So it's not recognizing the videos that I post now?

[1493:25] Speaker 0: No, it goes to 2021. Recognize what you post now. However, there is a there's a there's a plugin which LGBT plus called Vox Scripps. Do X. Yeah, Vox scripts. Okay. And it will grab the it'll transcribe the whatever video you paste into chat GPT. It'll describe it for you, as well as YouTube auto transcribes every video you upload.

[1502:13] Speaker 2: Wow, this is interesting, though. So you're saying I could put the video in chat GPT and say, give me a description of this video.

[1503:59] Speaker 0: It's exactly what I'm saying. Yeah,

[1504:24] Speaker 2: shut up. Okay, good. Because I know I love it. I thought I had that's actually

[1505:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: a really, really cool stuff. Yeah. Yeah, you put the video up there. Now part of it though, is I think it takes a good day or so. For the transcript to appear. I'm not sure how long that takes. I could be wrong. It could be a couple hours. If you've already published the video without a description. That's where that's where I use otter AI to transcribe it. Okay, and then I copy the otter transcript in the chat GPT and then have it make a description. There. Some of them can

[1513:04] Speaker 2: be later. That's totally fine. Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much for that. That's awesome. That's all I've got.

[1514:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and I've been sort of I've been testing out a few things where like for my podcast, I'll tell it can make me description for YouTube that has this this this this and then

[1518:05] Speaker 0: can you make me a description to make a Facebook post? Got it. You make me a description for an Instagram Post, so it sort of rewards it differently, depending on the platform I'm posting to, which is pretty cool. Yeah, so I'll show you the plugin here right now. And then, um,

[1523:08] Speaker 2: yeah, because it, it will put emojis in, but it's not quite my voice. And so that's why I thought it wasn't going back far enough. Like it doesn't recognize

[1525:26] Speaker 0: that's where as well, if you want it like in your voice, you can tell it use the same tone of voice as the transcript of the video. Okay, and so that's what I'll do is I'll take whatever like I'm doing, and I'll tell it use my tone of voice from my video, and then I'll be like, please don't use emojis. Like, I'll like tell it to like not do what I don't want it to do.

[1531:12] Speaker 2: Got it? So being very literal. And does the chat GPI does it recognize the things you're asking? Like, if I'm doing two different businesses? Or should I keep them separate on their you know what I mean? Like, is it does it cumulatively recognize where you're going?

[1535:27] Speaker 0: It doesn't cumulatively, it's only based on the each section that you're each? Yeah. So right here, install this. And then you go and you can activate it, it's under plugins, you have to activate that under beta right here, settings, beta, beta, features, plugins. Awesome. I'm

[1541:48] Speaker 2: screenshotting. Everything, visual learner, and this is how I talk

[1542:37] Speaker 0: scripts right there. So then, if I go to YouTube, right here,

[1544:15] Speaker 1: let me just take

[1545:52] Speaker 0: here, here's a, here's an interesting video game I've been looking at. I've played on the caustics recently. So I'm gonna take this, I'm gonna say, Make me a description for this YouTube video to post.

[1550:30] Speaker 2: And then I've also been asking it, encourage people to subscribe to our channel or watch other videos. So I've been putting like, salesy stuff in it.

[1552:49] Speaker 0: But you can do that as well. Like, if I paste that in there, the plugin is literally it's literally going to this is the plugin working, and it's gonna read. So this is that's actually based on its reading the

[1559:08] Speaker 0: description itself. So I'm going to stop it. And so this is where I would have to tell it. Please read the transcript video to make a unique script. Do

[1562:26] Speaker 2: you think I can separate people like player a player B?

[1563:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not sure if it necessarily can do that. But that's where otter AI does that.

[1564:42] Speaker 0: Yeah, it does honor AI. Oh, yeah. So there's eight chunks of a transcript right here. So it's gonna chunk down the transcript. So I have to actually tell it on this video, because it was already a description, I have to actually tell it to like read this whole transcript first. So it has to actually like, grab the transcript.

[1570:24] Speaker 2: Okay, I could do a otter AI for certain segments. But

[1571:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, but otter AI is really cool, because it does that. And I've been using that. That's how I take like for my talk outline that we're doing, like what I talked about today,

[1574:45] Speaker 0: I actually separated out these are questions that came in from the Facebook group. I told Chad GBT, I said, Make me a list of all the questions that were asked in the transcript has to do all the questions that were asked last week. These are all the questions that were asked two weeks ago. Here's all the questions three weeks ago. And so then what I did was I spent like, a couple hours just really studying through these questions to create what I talked about today. And so that's how I use otter AI and chat CPT to help me put together a lot of my coaching. Got it? So like you appreciate it. Yeah, definitely. It's, it's great. Let's I'm gonna do Cheryl and then sherry. Cheryl, and then sherry. What's up, Cheryl? Shelf bear.

[1587:06] Speaker 4: There we go. Hey. So I wanted to go over the you've already commented on this when I posted my landing page on my ad in the group. So what happened was I created my entire landing page, I'm created in my entire email sequence, forgot to save it accidentally deleted it, and then had to call Apple to ask them to please find it before I shoot. Literally, and they couldn't find it because my computer was not on autosave.

[1595:25] Speaker 0: So my use Google Docs for everything when I do

[1596:13] Speaker 4: sales. In a Google Doc, I forgot to save the Google doc so

[1597:06] Speaker 0: that was usually under saves. Interesting. Well, my computer

[1598:06] Speaker 4: wasn't on autosave saw that he goes, this is why so I took her advice and stuff. Back in took two days off to

[1601:24] Speaker 0: lose a little bit. And

[1602:00] Speaker 4: it was. The good news is the stuff I had in chat GPT is still there. So I got some of it start all over. But here's my question. So I'm trying to do an ad. And here's what I was told once before not to put free in the ad because the algorithm can see that not true, aren't you? Okay? So the other thing, one

[1607:34] Speaker 0: ad in a in an organic post, it may see it in organic posts.

[1608:53] Speaker 4: That's what I saw that some the other thing that it doesn't matter, it's got a picture of myself in the ad. And the reason why did I went on Instagram, and screenshotted, a whole bunch of ads just to see what other people were doing. And almost every single one, except for one had a picture of the person in there, and then what they were going to teach right? Should I have a picture of myself or some generic? Yeah,

[1615:32] Speaker 0: I think so I think having a picture of yourself in the ad is good. Now, here's the thing, video ads, those still are going to convert better than a picture at, you're still gonna get better results with you on video, and talking about what you're doing, as far as qualifying who the person is, especially in the mentoring business. And the reason why is people are gonna resonate with sort of like your energy over video in the ad to decide, like, hey, I want to connect with this lady, and I want to talk with her. And so what I found is like, that was a oh my gosh, I used to get a lot of negative comments, because I had my head on backwards, people were judging me and all that I'm like, wait a sec, actually, that's good, because the people that are that are gonna, like me are going to want to engage with me, because they can see me in the ad. And so I've again, I found video ads for the mentoring, coaching business always convert better, because the people, they kind of know what they're getting themselves into, when they see you on video. And they can, they can sort of even like see your energy, which is why when you do a video ad, you want your energy to mirror how you naturally are with people. And that's

[1633:48] Speaker 4: also to women 50 Plus, or just leave that part out and to say, women or you know, doesn't matter, I will put the

[1635:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: women 50 Plus, like on the landing page itself, because you're gonna be able to, you're gonna be able to adjust that targeting in Facebook to 50 plus already, right? You kind of already know that. That's what that is. But then I would put it on your landing page that it is because my biggest struggle is

[1639:38] Speaker 4: what to say in the ad, I'm going to be teaching people how to make affiliate money. And I was going to show them three different ways. Like you can use your blogging and affiliate sales to make money through blogging, but I don't want it to be about blogging, I want them to make money, I don't want to really tell them, they're going to be doing chat TPT because of women 50 plus here that they automatically leave the stage because they're like, oh, that's technology, I don't want to know that. So but let them know that I'm going to teach them how to do this. Because you can literally just take cat jpg, create your blog, use that. And I actually did this, I said, affiliate links, and they were I would add affiliate links and showed me everywhere to add an affiliate link. So the whole thing was completely done. So they just don't care now, you're always gonna do is go to Amazon, you know, become an affiliate grabbed a link, pop it in there, and then start posting that and make money. But that's gonna be all in the training part, you know, so it's the ad part that I'm having a hard time

[1655:28] Speaker 0: that we're the ad itself is an extension of the sales letter itself. So what I always do is I copy the sales letter from what we're selling, and I have chat GPT generate me the ad copy from the sales letter. This is how we, this is why I always say let's focus on the sales letter first, for like, because we just we just promoted this, this, this book for my mom. And that's exactly how we created all the ads for for her book was I copied the sales letter itself. Let me go find it here. So this was and we we we made this book right here. So this we dialed in the sales copy, like on the sales letter here. And I use the exact same process that I show you how to do to create the sales copy. So I copied this. And I just go into chat GPT and I say generate me for Facebook ads based on the following sales letter. And then we just paste the sales letter in.

[1674:33] Speaker 4: So your Facebook ad would be the same as your Instagram ad, right?

[1675:29] Speaker 0: Yeah. And so it's it's generating the copyright here from the sales copy from the actual sales page itself. So it's creating some of this and so what I might do is I might say I don't really like what some of those are. So I'm going to say They don't really like what some of those are, can you try again make some persuasive Facebook ads and sometimes I'll tell it to create some like different styles of Facebook ads

[1685:19] Speaker 4: so when you do a video ad you don't have this in the video and you just have the video

[1686:35] Speaker 0: on the video ad I can say and what it's doing is funny it's it's writing them really short doesn't always do it that way see your ad shouldn't be

[1690:41] Speaker 4: long drawn out anyway right they should be kind of condensed

[1691:36] Speaker 0: I test two different versions of that the first part of the people read is going to be this section here what I might do is I might put part of the process for creating Facebook ads as I'll do generate PHAs copy or versions of PHAs copy based on the above sales letter and then convert that to Facebook ads so that prompt right there is what's in the prompt document as well for creating Facebook ads. So problem living paycheck to paycheck bills are piling up you're stuck stuck in a never ending cycle free eBook gives you strategies

[1703:00] Speaker 0: and so this is where it's I'm using it to like generate some of this PHAs copyright here. P S stands for problem agitation solution

[1707:09] Speaker 4: I noticed a nice ad here on Instagram screenshot. They don't put like the pain point in there. They just put you know what you're going to be learning like this one girl actually this was guide

[1709:49] Speaker 0: Oh, you know what it's doing? This is why I had custom instructions in there. So generally, what I might do is I might put under the customer instructions. That's why the ads weren't they weren't writing well. You are a Facebook ads expert who writes the best highest converting Facebook ads so sometimes I'll start with that by giving it like that persona. And then we'll go in and we'll take this copy with that persona and let's see what kind of ads it creates now. Okay

[1721:44] Speaker 4: I think I'm going to take your advice and do this on a Saturday.

[1722:40] Speaker 0: Yeah, so that's that's better copy actually like right there. It's doing it it's doing it a lot better. And I would split these into different paragraphs first thing everyone else get and that's what we did was we tested out a lot of this different ad copy by doing this in the ads manager what I do though is I'll go in then and I found and this worked really well is I actually went and I looked up in the ads library

[1734:41] Speaker 0: it's where you can look up anybody's ads. Oh, I looked up it was Click Funnels or it was Russell Brunson.

[1738:34] Speaker 4: So you can look up other people's ads and kind of tweak it to like find your competitor ad right.

[1739:52] Speaker 0: Yeah, you can find anybody's ads in here. So here's Russell Brunson. This is what we did for the for the book because I found Russell Bronson's ads that he was running for his free book. And like, there's his ad, and then I just say, rewrite the following ad based on the above, I tell it to rewrite his ad, based on the copy above from our sales letter. What's multiplied?

[1749:29] Speaker 4: I might just do that too, because I wrote an ebook that I sell on Amazon. But I'm thinking about posting up on Instagram and as an ad like, you know, selling your booty call it just to register for free to get it for free, whatever. Because that'll help build my email list. I

[1753:42] Speaker 0: think it's funny. It's using the linchpin term still on it, which is funny, but that's how we use that's, that's what we did to write the ads from my mom's book though is that we, I had it as take a sales copy and I told it

[1758:13] Speaker 4: Okay, so write the sales copy first. Okay.

[1760:30] Speaker 0: You might have to tell it like write it for the stock market book. And define it as like ad and then sales letter. So Jeremiah

[1763:29] Speaker 4: when you're doing a video ad How long should that video be? Less than

[1764:32] Speaker 0: 60 seconds. Okay there we go stop scraping by start soaring. Perfect for beginners Yep, proven strategies. There we go. You put a cover page with a video add a cover page. No, no, no. No, I just go straight into the video on my phone and then that's where in the in the chat GPT document there is a let me see if I pull this up

[1776:38] Speaker 0: some and that's where sometimes like you might have to like, have it regenerate some ads? Because it's not doing it how you want. This is where I hear that a video ad script says face it. Yeah, Facebook. It's this four step, attention grabbing question Who You Are your qualification sentence that tells what you offer, and then a call to action. So then what I'll do is I'll take that right there. Based on the above

[1786:35] Speaker 0: I ignore that part. Are you tired of scraping by watching other people make money in the stock market while you're stuck in a rut? My name is Sandy Gronkowski. And I've done this I've turned and then like I would edit this not I've turned my life around, but rather like I've helped countless people grow their portfolios. Here's the deal, I want to give you a free book. So this gives you like a guideline that I would edit what its outputs are I wouldn't word for word unnecessarily do like what it says. But it gives you an idea of like these four steps to actually create a video ad. And I go over that in the video ad, the Facebook ads course as well. I go over, like how to create this. I actually do a whole training on how to create video ads and stuff like that and how to script them out in that course.

[1799:05] Speaker 4: So like making the video do you upload it to YouTube or your Google Doc or where do you put it you

[1800:48] Speaker 0: upload it into the Facebook Ads Manager itself. Okay. And then you can you there's a there's a there's a media library that you can actually upload it into the ads manager and, and be able to do that. And then you add it into your ad again, in the in the course that we have that's in the members area on the Facebook ads basics. That goes over a lot of this part of it right here. So all right. Get busy again.

[1808:58] Speaker 4: Got a lot of work to do. Can't believe it.

[1809:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah. Chad GBT, though, can really help you kind of put a lot of these pieces together, which is great.

[1811:00] Speaker 4: Yeah, I mean, I did use chat GPT to do a lot of this but then I tweaked it. So I'm tweaking is gone. I gotta read tweak it and I gotta rethink and Oh,

[1813:25] Speaker 0: yeah. Yeah, you're gonna do. All right. What's up? Sherry, how are you?

[1814:49] Speaker 5: Great question. Good. Good. Good. On vacation right now. Yeah, we're in Monterey, California. Awesome.

[1817:10] Speaker 0: I spent a lot of time in Santa Cruz back in the day.

[1818:00] Speaker 5: Back in the day. Well, I was born here and Wednesday is my birthday. So that would come up here for the week.

[1819:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: That was a long time ago. That was when I lived in Sonora, California and Twain heart and your angels camp. Oh, gosh. Yeah. Open up on the 49. Up, up 108. In the Sierra Nevada is nice. That's where Danny Johnson had her headquarters.

[1826:03] Speaker 0: So and then they moved to curdle, Texas. Oh, big difference. Yeah. And so but yeah, I used to drive all the way down. I used to drive to Santa Cruz, like once or twice a month. Yeah. Spend time in San Fran in Santa Cruz back when, like San Fran was just beautiful. Now it's kind of hard to go visit.

[1831:37] Speaker 5: I know. I just have a quick question. And that is I noticed you you create a different zoom link every week we meet instead of using a recurring weak link and a couple other coaches do that. And I was just curious,

[1836:19] Speaker 0: because people can join for one month and then reuse the link. That's what I thought. Oh, the reason we use a different link is so that it separates out. Whoever who's an active member, it's a little bit of extra work. You could use the same zoom link It's like, once a month, but yeah, we, I just have a best practice as far as creating a new zoom link. I've actually never had anybody asked about that before. But it's that's exactly why it's to kind of to make it to where like, you know, somebody can't just join one month and now they got the link forever.

[1845:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, there's a bit of a myth. There's some manual work to like, if you have a Facebook group, you got to manually remove people. Yep. Yeah. So, yeah.

[1847:58] Speaker 5: So I am, I'm going to dive into the Facebook ads group, because I'm course here in the next few days, I think so thank you for the birthday wishes.

[1850:52] Speaker 1: Yeah.

[1851:28] Speaker 5: Because I did way back, I probably did. I did Facebook ads, like seven or eight years ago. And so I want to do like a three day event toward the end of September. Cool. Um, so I may

[1856:08] Speaker 0: be to that Facebook ads basics course is a really, really great one as far as like. the reason why I called it that was that it's like, I got to I got Facebook ads for beginners, the Facebook ads Basics. I'm as I'm teaching less content in the basics course. But I'm going through, it's a bit slower, for like a more if you're more tech challenged. So that's why it's like a basics one, the one for beginners has a bit more content, but I go through it a little bit faster. So it's a little bit more advanced. It's kind of like beginner, the basics. One would be beginner level, to beginners, one was our beginner level, but everybody was like it's still too advanced Jeremiah. So that's why I made another beginner beginner level, you know, so I was like, but it's still it's still beginner level enough if you know how to use Facebook ads, but it's I would say it's more intermediate level. And then the one that I did in 2020, which is still relevant, everything I taught, and it's really good. That's like a collegiate level Facebook ads course the social media ads, that work course. That one is my purpose behind that one was to download everything that I know about Facebook ads and do a course to the point that somebody could use it to run ads for other people. Even so, it's still it's a great course what I teach in it still works as a few nuances that have changed. But the social media ads that work one is like super detailed, has a lot of information that's not really relevant to mentors and coaches either. So that's why it's like the beginners one of them the basics, one of the two best. And the basics. One I'm recording right now. So it's it's update, it's up to date. Okay.

[1884:41] Speaker 5: Yeah, I'm very tech savvy. So I'm one of those anomalies. Yes. Turning 72 On Wednesday, but like

[1887:17] Speaker 0: some people are so Yeah, exactly. This. That's, um, it's an area that I tell people. I really I've seen people I here's why I'm so confident this, I've seen people that are not tech savvy. And in one year, like, know more than I do about things. So I and they were I'm thinking of my friends, Wesley and Stacy Campbell.

[1894:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you know who they are? Yeah, yeah, they like they knew nothing about tech. And like, they had me come out to this was back in 2018. They had me come out to their house, like three months in a row. They just like had me come stay with them. And just showed them everything about technology. And now they they're, they're doing great. They know how to do amazing stuff with with Zoom and all that. So

[1900:55] Speaker 1: I was

[1901:15] Speaker 5: teaching in an education with, like, student undergrads that want to get their teaching credential and and graduate students and masters doctoral programs. I started in 2002. And when web 2.0 hit in 6780 Yeah, I jumped on it. And I feel like I'm doing the same thing now with chat GBT with Christians that I did with educators and web two points where they were just like, we can't let our students out on the internet. It's terrible, you know, so. Yeah, they really did that. So I'm like, No, trying to teach Christians that it's okay. It's not of the devil. Yeah. We make circles in our lives. Oh.

[1914:05] Speaker 0: Very cool. Well, this is this has been great here today. A lot of great questions, a lot of great feedback from some people. I know a few people are going to be in town for my mom's event. I am not planning a special CGA thing for that, but I will I will be there and like while I'm there, I mean, feel free to just come talk with me like, we'll, we'll chat, we'll hang out. You know? Like, that's definitely, like, don't feel like you have to like, you know, stay away or anything. But no, I'm not planning any kind of a special event as far as around that goes. It's just in the season. It didn't kind of not something I'm doing right now, but I'll definitely see y'all there that are in town. So it's just fun. All righty. Thanks, everybody. Thanks for being here. Thanks for I just I love this time together. This group is amazing. I just I want to see all of you. Like making a ton of money in your business. Like that's my mission. Mike. That's why I do what I do. That's why I'm here is to help you get unstuck, unblocked. Anything that you need, are here to help you and so be sure to keep posting in the group. Ask questions throughout the week. Stay engaged, and we'll get you there we will. All right. Have a good one everybody. Talk soon.

