Lesson 3  Mailchimp Made Easy
Date: 2023-10-05T10:34:08.000Z
Duration: 32 min
Otter ID: QsCYs08jRN43zomXLrTzMYPyPa8
---

[0:04] Speaker 0: All right, in this lesson to MailChimp Made Easy we're gonna go over something that I think is important that one of our members brought up this way, I love the feedback approach to of creating courses like this, it's a great example of this, something that I almost forgot to bring to the conversation, I think it's super important for you is deliverability of your emails, making sure that your emails actually get delivered, and go to people. Now there's a few things that we want to think about, about this, if you invest a lot of time and energy into putting together your emails, you want to make sure that people are actually going to read them that people are actually going to consume them that they're actually going to want, what it is that that you are sending them. And so think about that, first of all, is that the best way to actually get people to read your emails is make sure that your account is set up, right. And I think that's one of the first stages of that is the technical side of this that can actually improve it. And then there's a few best practices that we're going to be going over. And so that's what today's lesson is about the technical side. First off is this Is that what you want to do is in your MailChimp account, when you log in, you want to go to settings, account settings up here, let me actually pull my little screen down there. Okay, right here under Account Settings, account and billing. There's a section right here called domains. Okay, and so they require you to verify your domain right here. We remove this one, but they require you to verify your domain to be able to send out certain emails. Now these are obviously public domain emails, free emails, learn about limitations of free emails with MailChimp, there are issues with free emails are not verified, you can have trouble actually sending it the deliverability rates are not as good with free emails. And so just keep that in mind, the solution would be you want to have your own private domain name, you want to have some domain name that your emails are coming from, which would be where your funnel is at and just have one domain name, you don't need one for every single funnel that you're doing. But having a domain name that your emails are coming from is going to be important. So one of the first things to do that we do for email is Google workspace. Make sure that you have a Google workspace custom professional email, we use Google workspace for our email accounts. You can get started here for any domain name that you have just do just you for most people. And this will set you up with a professional Google account for about about I think it's like six bucks a month or something like that. Let me just try this out real quick

[49:37] Speaker 0: Do you have a domain name? Yes. Let's try just test it out. Do you want to set it up? Hi I'll sign in username and password

[56:09] Speaker 0: literally going in like creating an account here with Google workspace let's see what the cost is. Yep. Here's how we get to the cost. Okay, so it looks like let's see you do not need business plus recommended based on the information you gave. That's terabytes interesting

[65:35] Speaker 0: and now they have a much cheaper plan on that as well. Maybe they are charging more for the school workspace now. You can try this for 14 days and I think you can downgrade to their lower lower level from there. Anyways, this is the best type of email account that you're going to want to use for sure. Is a Google workspace email and how I know in if you have a Squarespace site, I think they have a promotion inside of Squarespace as well too

[79:23] Speaker 0: because that's that's how I do my email Yes with

[82:08] Speaker 0: Google workspace. So they have let me see here, if I go here,

[84:34] Speaker 0: go to Google workspace. Let's see domains and email, Google workspace site to plan. Yeah. So you can do a $6 a month plan still 720 A month right here. So that's interesting that they're pushing you to this higher level right here.

[92:18] Speaker 1: individual account

[92:28] Speaker 0: versus a business account, that's what it is. So technically, they're treating it as a business you don't need, you don't need that. We want to set you up with just an individual account. Okay? Anyways, that's how you can set that up. And then what you do is you're going to want to actually get your domain name set up with whatever your domain provider is, if you buy a domain from godaddy.com, or any of these domain provider sites, you'll want to link the Google workspace account, domain name to that domain name. So linking Google workspace to domain name. By the way, this is where chat CBT can come in handy. If you bought your domain name on, like some weird site, you could ask how GBT? How do we link it with that, but they have training right here on how to connect your domain registered.

[108:44] Speaker 0: And what we'll want to do is add, yeah, you want to add these to your web host right here. So you go into your DNS console. And then you'll also want to add an SPF record as well. Okay. If this is, again, too complicated for you, this might be something where you can go to Fiverr. And you might be able to find somebody that can say, this would actually be a good thing for Fiverr setup, Google workspace SPF. So here, right here, look at I will set up your Google workspace in Gmail, email deliverability, we'll set up SPF, Google workspace G Suite $45. And so if it's too complicated for you going through this process that we're going to be showing you, you can you can hire somebody on Fiverr to do it, but the way that you would do it is you log into, like I have my domains over at GoDaddy.

[127:55] Speaker 0: If I log into it, my GoDaddy account and I go to domains. We have all of our domains right here that are set to renew. Here's Jeremiah krakowski.com Right here. Okay. So what we look at is we actually look at

[136:41] Speaker 0: the DNS, okay, so DNS is right here, DNS records and you'll notice I have a couple of pages in here. We have our Google workspace. MX records right there. We also have our site verification right here. This is our DK I am site verification and

[145:33] Speaker 0: actually, you know, I bet I could actually improve my deliverability and my emails too by adding in the SPF record as well. I think this might be the SPF though right there. So anyways, let's see an SPF record as a TXT record like this. Add this to the SPF record in your DNS surprising never added it. We add it now. So like even I don't I don't have this this will improve my deliverability too if I add this right here

[159:32] Speaker 0: yeah,

[161:11] Speaker 0: DNS SPF record syntax what does this look like to actually set up the SPF record

[165:54] Speaker 0: want it to look like so what I that's what I think it looks like you'll just set an app symbol in there as the host that's right All right there we are now have that SPF record in there for Google MailChimp also has their own SPF record. We've already authenticated this email so we don't need to worry restart our authentication

[177:15] Speaker 0: I already verified it and everything so but normally what you would do is you would go through and you would

[180:57] Speaker 0: well, let's just do this let's go through here and do this with you who has your domain name GoDaddy domain console add the CNAME record using MailChimp info on godaddy add this

[190:32] Speaker 0: right here so we're going to add this this is the new way that they have you authenticated that looks like

[193:24] Speaker 0: so we'll go and we'll do CNAME you just copy and paste what they tell you to do this goes under host it goes under points to

[198:30] Speaker 0: host is technically the name and then that's the value to another one domain he

[203:35] Speaker 0: hosts post value save records. And so this is doing is this is adding different DNS records to my domain name that will then let it verify it over here in MailChimp check status

[210:22] Speaker 0: so that's how you validate your email over there and verify it. I had done that before but it looks like they have a new way of doing that. So that's cool, we're able to kind of walk you through that. Okay

[214:54] Speaker 0: the next thing that you want to also make sure of is they have some help documents here connecting a custom domain name setting up the see record and all of that and I think if you want to do a subdomain so this goes through the process of doing that but there's another thing that I like to do as far as this SPF MailChimp actually setting up the SPF record in MailChimp and making sure that set up as a sender it makes sure that you are clear to send the email SPF versus demark versus DK I am

[231:10] Speaker 0: you have additional service providers, you always need to include those if you also use MailChimp. mandrill to send messages, select mandrill app okay, if you find it to be cumbersome, you can rely on MailChimp to set up and test your SPF authentication and

[241:13] Speaker 0: validation for you. But here's where I would add this right here is I would add this to that SPF record that we already created. So you can only have one SPF like record. So let's add things to it right after this google.com line includes what another includes SPF mandrill app that they have right here.com Make sure you have the admin there.

[250:48] Speaker 0: So we added that to their let me see something though they had a thing where it so that you can have them manage it for you. And I think that the way that we were validating it, and authenticating the domain name. The way that they have you authenticate it like this, I think it goes in there and it it sets that up the right way for you. Since it uses GoDaddy, it just uses the CNAME record. And then that is enough to authenticate it. So they have these different, like how to edit the DNS records to authenticate. This will show you depending on your whatever domain name site you have, how to add the CNAME record how to do this, it's different for each platform. Again, I use GoDaddy. If you're doing it through Squarespace is a managed platform, you'll have to go through the process with Squarespace on how to actually authenticate the domain name with them and add the CNAME record. But in Squarespace, the way that the way that you do, it's pretty easy actually just go right here under domains. And add in, you're able to add in, if you bought your domain name through them, you're able to add in the SPF record and stuff in here on the screen, but because we bought it through GoDaddy, it's going to run it through that way. Okay. So basically, what we've just done is we've gone in and updated and made sure that we're fully validated through MailChimp. And that's going to improve, I think even my own deliverability is going to improve through this way. And so this is just something that you want to make sure that you have a verified validated domain name in here to send email from authenticated that way. And, you know, read through some of the help files that they have want to learn more ways to improve deliverability right here, click this help document about spam filters your IP address.

[290:39] Speaker 0: So basically, what this says is this, we recommend that you ask your subscribers at gym address book email campaigns sent through are authenticated for you. But you can set up your own authentication as well

[295:27] Speaker 0: how it works ISPs to authenticate you'll need to copy and paste the information from MailChimp, we recommend you use two browser windows to do this. And so what this does is by me setting that up, now it's going to it's going to authenticate my email so that there they get delivered better that way through this and just for the sake of doing it both ways. I also like adding in that SPF record as well. Let me see DK I am MailChimp, it looks like this is a more updated way of doing it than the SPF or the DK I am is the way that they recommend that you do authentication now is through their their domain authentication process that they walk you through right here. So they have a little video title here and how to do it, how to add it the same way that I have. But basically, you can't do this with free email addresses, you have to verify your domain name and then you can set up the authentication by taking the CNAME record like we just did right here and adding that into your domain name over here. It can take up to 24 hours for them to read this for them to see the CNAME record that's in there. But once it does show up, it will be authenticated. Okay, and so that's the best way to make sure that you have the technical aspects set up and I like doing it both ways if you're using MailChimp. I'm setting up this through there authentication under the domains tab that we were under right here, they make it pretty easy. It looks like. But then I also made sure I added that SPF record as well, that includes this mandrill app line mandrill app.com, basically is there

[325:55] Speaker 0: it's male, it's MailChimp. That's what that is. So all right. So there's that. Now, the other thing is, is they also have this. And really, let's go as Chad GBT this, watch this, this is a great thing. It's gonna help us here. Chachi T is going to help us out. There's a great way to learn stuff, even to you know, how do I improve my email deliverability with MailChimp to make sure my emails don't. And in the promotions folder. Okay, so like, that's what ends up happening is, your emails will end up in the promotions folder. And people won't see your emails all the time. Here's the truth is, even if you do all of this stuff, even if you set up authentication, the way that MailChimp guides you through it, you're still going to have issues with deliverability, there's no way to 100% solve this, because you can't force your email into somebody's inbox. This is one of the limitations with email is that, especially if people have high spam filter settings, they won't get your email, if they want it, they'll go find it. And that's I think one of the things to understand is that if people want your emails, they'll go find them, they'll go find them with you, they'll go look for them, if they've signed up for something that they actually care about. And so improving, the perceived value of your offer is going to be more important for that side of things. If it's important enough, they'll go look for it and they'll go find the information. They won't let it pass them by that has more like like deliverability is more of like a trick to get in front of people. But, but but deliverability is not going to solve the problem of people not being interested in what you're actually selling them. Okay, and so but here's a couple of best practices that MailChimp is recommending segmenting your list, I do this we segment it based off of all I have my main list, but this is why I maintain different lists and audiences like we showed you. For we showed you this in the previous lesson for like per campaign having different lists, having it segmented. So only the right people are getting your emails, and you're not just sending them to just about everybody, I do blast my emails to everybody still. But I'm also maintaining a clean list. So I'm removing inactive subscribers often after about a year, I'll remove them from my list. I don't use double opt in personally. And then here's the other thing. Yeah, high quality content if your email is like low quality, and what's a low quality email, a low quality email is just something that's like, not worth their time to read. Like it's not interesting. It doesn't have relevant information for them. If you're just sending irrelevant information irrelevant information can literally be you're just spamming people, or you're using phrases, lots of capitalized letters, exclamation marks, it'll trigger certain spam filters too much use of the word free can do that I use the word free all the time. But too much of that can also trigger that. Again, like I said, if your content is important enough to people, they'll go find your email. The other thing is I only use text emails. So my deliverability goes up by just using a text email. You can test your email out, send it to yourself to see where it ends up, which inbox it ends up in to see where it lands. That's a good thing to do. emails with images will almost always end up in the spam folder. Don't bombard them with too many emails in a short period of time. One One to two emails a day is fine. But like more than that definitely will end up triggering that encourage people to whitelist your email. That's good. I don't personally do that. Again, I lean on the if the quality of my content is high, people are going to open the email and find it and if people are not actually wanting what I'm offering that has more to do with how I structure my offer than actual email deliverability. But yeah, these are great just kind of best practices to understand about that, about putting your email together. If you're using chat GPT to help you write your emails, it'll help you make them higher quality as far as that goes. The other thing too, is that I'll use claude.ai. What matters more for your open rate has to do with your subject line, your subject line, if it's too vague, and it doesn't give a good, if it's not interesting enough or intriguing enough for people to open the email, we'll be touching more on subject lines here and one of the next lessons on how to craft really good emails. But if your subject line is not interesting enough to people, they won't open it either or not relevant enough to what they sign up for. So make sure your subject line gives a good clear preview of what does it sure that you are encouraging people to read. So hopefully, just this has given you some ideas as far as best practices for maintaining your email list and stuff like that, what I'll do is I'll go through here and you can actually look at in your audience, you can go into your audience in MailChimp, audience dashboards. And you can go to your you can go to the audience that you're sending emails to. And you can create a segment. And we can go under Advanced segmenting and I can look at okay

[424:40] Speaker 0: campaign interaction right here. Oops, it's kind of hard to see because it didn't necessarily pull up. But we'll do campaign interaction, it's from this drop down right here was sent has not opened the last or any of the last 50 campaigns. And so if I look at has not opened any of the last 50 campaigns. And generally what I'll do is they were added before and I'll do I'll do a year ago. So if they were if they joined my list over a year ago, have not opened any of the last 50 emails that I've sent out. Let's take a look at this segment right here.

[443:15] Speaker 0: Yep, about 1000 people right here that I actually may go in and delete. And remove now. Okay, this is not entirely accurate. Because see, oh, wait, no, it should be has not opened all of the emails. That's right. If I did any of the emails, that means they just didn't open one of the campaigns. So we want to do has not opened all of the last 50 campaigns. Yeah, that's better list about 1000 people, 400 people. So these are people that are on my email list that have not opened any emails from me that I've sent out, the last 50 emails that I've sent out have not been opened, you can see the emails that I've sent to them. Okay, so if I go in here, I'm going to probably remove these people from my email list and scrub these people. And that's going to improve my deliverability because now they're not getting sent emails that they're not even opening. So going through here and basically you know, they were added before this date right here. And they have not opened all of the last 50 campaigns that we've sent out that's a good indicator that it's probably best to to unsubscribe them from my list as far as that goes. And so that's a great way to kind of clean clean house a little bit is to do that has not opened all 50 campaigns was added before. Yep. So I feel pretty good about this right here. If I look at surprise this person hasn't opened that's interesting to me.

[481:32] Speaker 0: That's very interesting. I'm gonna, I'm gonna look through here and kind of see that, but I'm gonna look through and see kind of who some of these people are before I go and delete all those. But that's how you can clean your list out as you go in and you remove, who isn't opening your emails. And then you don't send them emails, like, oh, no, like it cost me $10 To get those people I'm losing $4,000 worth of ad spend by deleting all those people. No, you're not, because they weren't even opening your emails anyways. And that helps you maintain quality of who you're actually sending your emails to. your open rate is better. And your overall deliverability is kind of like a big picture. Where it It analyzes Okay, the internet service providers, Yahoo and Gmail and all that. They they determine how many of their users are opening your emails, and if a lot of you're sending to a lot of people who are not opening your emails, they'll flag you and put you more in the promotions folder and more often, okay, so just keep that in mind. That that can happen as far as that goes. You don't want to use a free email account. You want to make sure that you authenticate and you want to make sure that you do those best practices for segmenting and cleaning up your list and that will help you overall with your deliverability

