CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-08-14T18:10:28.000Z
Duration: 88 min
Otter ID: MXYjU7PAgPdCuCpWesasxnymkIs
---

[0:58] Speaker 0: log in here to go live on Facebook

[7:22] Speaker 1: so

[13:30] Speaker 1: all right let everybody in here

[16:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome this morning to today's live training, then we'll do some q&a at the end of this here I'm excited to share with you guys some different

[21:36] Speaker 0: elements and topics and things that are going to help you in your business. I'm gonna we want to make sure that we mute our microphones out right here. Okay, perfect. Awesome. So I'm gonna go into this, just again for those who are watching the recording or maybe this is your first time on here just a reminder, some housekeeping in the members area you can always access so Brett members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. This is where you can find the different trainings right now we are teaching Facebook ads basics for total newbies. This is a like I break down way simpler. Just the aspects that are important for you for Facebook ads in that. And then we have as well the sales copy Mastery which at GPT. What's the difference between copywriting mastery? Well, this was done last year, and I was covering a lot of stuff with Jasper, this one is more up to date. And so I would recommend focusing in on this one, it's gonna save you a lot a lot of time and headaches are both really good. But this one to be. It's more, it's newer. And it's what I'm putting together right now. It's what we're going through. So today is a live training here. And I'm going to be sharing with you a number of different things that have been on my heart that I know are really going to help you in your business.

[44:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did a podcast episode this week. Let me see where the podcast episode is right here. It just came out today. Again, I encourage everybody to listen through the podcast, if you can. The podcast is very relevant to those that are in the client growth accelerator group. A lot of what I share in the podcast,

[50:31] Speaker 0: you know, relates to what we're talking about in here. Versus like what is for the general market out there. And so the podcast is really sort of a, an augmented high level of free content that you can get so state of the industry 2023 I really felt a mandate to share this. And I'm gonna share a little bit about what I talked about on this podcast episode and, and

[57:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: in that episode, you know, it's not stuff that we all want to want to hear. Listen, if you're if you're in a mentorship program, and you're there just to just to be validated, just to hear what you want to hear, just to be told that you're doing a good job, I understand that there's value in that. And I want to and I want to provide that for you in this when we go over stuff. But you're also going to hear stuff that you don't want to hear and you're going to hear the truth of what's actually going to help you succeed. And so anytime that maybe you feel uncomfortable, or challenged by what we talked about, those are areas to explore and say okay, what can I learn from this? Why am I feeling so uncomfortable around this topic? And specifically, when it comes to you making money in your business, we want to look at that one of those areas is this is that we're talking about the state of the coaching industry. I've been in this industry for two decades. And I've seen trends and patterns come and go. Shortcuts appear. Certain things popped on the scene like that, like when Facebook ads first arrived. It was like the ultimate cheat code to just print money. Okay. Now, that is not the case today. A lot of people will be disappointed by that fact. I have a client right now he calls me every every month and he says you know Jeremiah, how can you just make stuff go back to the way it was? As we used to get results like this, why can't you just make stuff go back to how it used to be, and I have to explain to him, that's not what business is. That's not reality. But he, you know, he lives in this kind of fantasy world, I mean this with all due respect to them, but he lives in this fantasy world that some day, some Mac is going to appear on the scene that brings things back to how they used to be. And we have to realize that that's just not, that's not realistic. What has come and gone doesn't exist anymore. And so we have to accept that. Let go of the fact that, oh, I missed out on my old shot, I missed out on all the opportunity to pass me by and actually say, How can I take advantage of what's in front of me right now. And one of the biggest ones is this. And I got another message from somebody the other day, he said, Jeremiah, the amount of effort it takes to put into building a mentoring business. It's just not worth the output. And I said, Well, okay, do you have an opportunity that can make you a million dollars? And he said, No, I don't, I'm just gonna go back to working a job. Because at least I can make more money in the next 30 days working a job than I can building my mentorship business. Totally understand that. And we have to look at how do we balance our time around that. But I want to be really clear here. There is no other opportunity that I know of, with that, where you can virtually start with no startup capital, very little startup capital. See, most businesses take millions of dollars to be able to even start to see a profit. And yet people complain because they're not a millionaire overnight, from running $300 worth of Facebook ads. And they say that it's just not worth the time involved to make it work. Again, now might be tied to a fantasy belief of Well, that's how things used to be, you know, 1015 years ago, you could spend $300, on Facebook ads, and overnight anybody no matter what their skill set was, can become a millionaire. And so we can either whine and complain, bitch and moan that things aren't how they used to be. Or we can accept how they are today, and take advantage of them as best we can. And that's the latter is going to make you a lot of money if you can start to do that. And so in that, what will actually make you the most amount of money in your mentorship business is consistency, is continuing to show up, is looking at this as not a sprint where I need to make this work overnight, or else I'm a failure, I need to make this work right away, or I'm going to kind of give up and throw in the towel. But consistency of action that actually produces results consistency of action, to be able to show up and to analyze the data to tweak and to adjust it. And then to look at okay, what can I change? What do I need to tweak to make stuff work? Okay, I need to meet some people here. Perseverance, beats, tricks, hacks, and shortcuts all the time. And listen, motivation is fleeting. If we're looking to be motivated, we're almost certainly going to fail. It takes self discipline it takes being willing to show up, even when things might not be working out. It takes being willing to show up when maybe we've tried things again and again and again and again and again. And here's the thing, this is the most important part of your business. Let's go back to this. Okay, let's see race. Just like, well, I've tried all this. It's not worked all that I've been, I've been in this industry 17 years, nothing's worked out, you expect me to be in it another 17 years, I get it. Here's the most important thing. growing your email list, this is number one. And then taking those people that you don't know currently this is strangers, you don't know them, you don't have a relationship with them. You've never talked with them before. They've never met you. How many of you can agree that there are human beings on planet Earth right now that you've never met before? Right. can all agree on that, that could benefit from what you offer as a mentor? Right? We can all agree on that there are human beings that we have not talked to that are not on our email list that can benefit from what we offer and we could sell them on what we offer. So your goal is Find the people you don't know already. Get them on your email list. And then what do you do once they're there? Well, you can either, you know, just sit on your list and say I got a big list. Well, that's not, that's not going to make you any money, right? An email list alone isn't gonna make you any money. Now what you got to do is you have to sell and I get it sell sounds like it's a four letter word. Some of y'all treat it like it's the F word. Sell, and sales and selling is service learning to find the people that you don't know already creating offers that they want delivering what people want to them, and solving problems and then selling them on those people that you just met that you don't know already that that that have come into your space, selling them to purchase your mentorship and coaching, getting them to pay money to you now here's the thing, people will only pay money to you, for one thing. Results. Now, you might say I can deliver results, here's the problem with that. Just being able to deliver results doesn't mean diddly squat doesn't mean nothing, it doesn't want to know why. Because there's a lot of people out there who claim that they can deliver results to people. So your job is to build trust with those strangers that you haven't met, build and nurture trust that you can deliver those results. And that turns into finances for you. So what we're doing is is at the end of the day, like if we were just to, to break things down to the lowest common denominator, it's getting strangers we haven't met in front of us to build trust with them, that we can deliver results to them, and then asking them to purchase from us what we are offering. Okay, one of the biggest reasons why people struggle to do this. That I have seen, is because we are and this is this is where this this might be triggering. And I understand that this is where this might even offend you what I'm about to say, see, I'm actually framing it in that way, that way you can be aware of it. I've been, you know, want to know what it is. We have to get out of trying to manage other people's feelings and emotions, too, trying to please everybody trying to not offend people trying to get people to like us trying to make sure that they agree with us trying to not disappoint people. We have to stop operating in trying to make people happy. And you might say, well, Jeremiah, like isn't that making people happy?

[216:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it's not. Not at all. See, if you're in my program, you will be happy with the results, of course. But when we're marketing to people, when we're selling to people, there's a there's a there's a process of sifting to where you're going to be attracting the right people to you and repelling the wrong ones. And that means by definition, there will be a very large percentage of people that you're going to meet that don't know who you are, that are going to reject you that are going to say I want nothing to do with you. And it's not your job to try to convince those people that they should change their mind. That's the key to financial success in this business. It sounds counterintuitive. It literally violates everything that we think is truthful inside of us based off of what has been taught to us by our society, what has been taught to us in the media, what we see on social media, what we see and messages, even our social structures of how we build connection and community with people. And so when you go out there and people say I want to build a community of people, we start operating in this framework of how we do out there when in fact the truth is that you don't want to please everybody. You want to to only focus on the people that you can deliver results for that are most likely to make a financial investment with you. I'm going to say that again, sales and marketing is the most important thing in your business. Being able to sell and close sales, and get people to give you finances is the most important part of your business. Secondary to that is actually serving your clients. And this goes against everything that you see that's out there that people say, just provide value and the money will come. It's a load of crock. It's a lie. It's it's, it's just, it's not truthful. And I'm tired of seeing memes that people are putting inside of them in their heart and operating their business out of meme based philosophies that are absolutely opposite of what it actually takes to be successful. This program was designed to help people become so wealthy and make so much money that they don't even know what to do with all that money. That's my goal for all of you. That's my goal with people in here. Now, whatever that level is for you, you get to decide that. But the reason why I built this coaching program is to help you get as rich as possible to make as much money as possible. The problem that I see is that people feel guilty, asking for the sale, or they feel worried about how people are going to perceive them. Or maybe they say, Well, I don't want to talk that way. I don't want to make people feel pressured into buying from me, or I don't want people to feel like you know, all I care about is money. Put that in a box. Okay, I understand that. All of that is is valid, okay, but I want you to put that in a box when it comes to building your business and selling and making finances and writing your sales copy and creating your ads. Allowing that type of thinking to dominate your core to dominate the front of your brain to dominate your mental focus will almost guarantee you will not make the finances that you want to make in your business. And this is one of the biggest issues that I that I actually struggled with in the beginning of this business right here. So I had been successful. You guys know my story, helping other people make eight figures in their business. I also judged what I thought they all did wrong. I tried to prove their methods wrong. I tried to set out to be different than all those other coaches out there. And you want to know how much money that made me. Nothing. Nothing didn't make me a dime. Because the I thought that I was smarter than everybody else who had actually was making millions of dollars, I thought that I had something in how I saw the world that was better and superior to what everybody else had said. And you might argue with I actually believe that this mentorship program that this coaching program is in fact it has become the best coaching program for for mentors, coaches and clients that want to make a maximum amount of money in their business. We have more success stories and case studies than most of my competitors that are out there in the marketplace that have way more clients than us. Our client to success ratio is greater than most other coaching programs that are out there. I was talking to my mom she's like if you get one out of 100 people making six figures that's a success. I'm like yeah, we got a lot more than that in our program. But see, the problem was this as I was so concerned about pleasing everybody when I started in the business, I was so concerned with not pissing people off making sure that everybody was heard and taken care of and and then I honored everybody's feelings and opinions and all of that and I'm telling you, that is a that is a surefire way to make sure that your business makes no money. That is a surefire way to make sure that your business fails to try to make everybody happy to try to please everybody to try to be so diluted in your messaging, because you're trying to not offend anybody or reject anybody and trying to to make sure that everybody feels included. That's a great way to not make any money in your bill. SNESs and there's and there's, there's these beliefs out there. Well, if I reject people, I'm turning away good greenbacks and turning away good dollar bills, I'm turning away good money that can be used for things. And that's just simply not the case in reality, when you can learn to, to focus your energy on just the people who are willing to become buyers with you. And then you focus on how can I get those buyers results. You know, when somebody registers for my free five day intensive that I have, this isn't something that I can say in the five day intensive. But once you're in here, I can share this with you. When somebody registers for my free five day intensive, it sounds romantic, that I want to help all these people for free to be able to make money but but in reality, unless they join this program, I truly could not care less about their success at the free level at all. I couldn't because I can't put my mental focus in there, trying to make sure that all these people at the free level are making money with me, I had a lady the other day, she's like, you know, I've been on five of these intensives with you. And just what you teach doesn't work Jeremiah, I'm like, Well, have you thought about joining the accelerator, because maybe what you need to learn is in there. And she just didn't get it. And she's she's registered for this week's five day intensive and, and she'll probably say the same thing this time around again and again. And again, because she's just not getting it. But it's not my job to make sure that now I'm managing coddle this person who's literally not investing a dime with me. It's not, I'm focused on those of y'all that are here in this program that have made a significant financial investment, and how can I make you as much money as possible? And then how can I attract more people that are like this group to join into this group right here, by focusing my energy on those that are willing to make an investment, and helping those people specifically get results. All of my free content that I put out there has one purpose and one purpose only sales and marketing. That's it. And whether it's a VIP, that's 27 bucks, or whatever it is, still the VIP purpose is sales and marketing. Nothing else. That's it. I'm not trying to please everybody. At that level, I'm making a connection with people to build trust with them on the result that we deliver, in this program, get it. And so when you make an offer to people, listen, you're not going to be able to help everybody. Not everybody is going to join your program. Not everybody is a good fit for you. Oh, and by the way, in your sales copy and your Facebook ads, you need to get really, really specific as to the people that are making a financial investment with you that you can get a result for. But most importantly, the financial investment. You know, I ran an offer this past weekend. I thought it was a great idea. It was it was it was literally the worst webinar I've ever ran.

[375:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Happens. I don't I don't hit a home run every single time. It was called Grow your mentorship with AI. I thought it was like oh, man, that's gonna be amazing. Right? I ran two webinars prior to that it was starting your online mentorship using AI and getting more clients with paid ads and AI. Those have done amazing like we had gotten slight hundreds of leads. I did this one about growing your mentorship with AI. I want you to pay attention to what I'm about to say here. Okay, three webinars that I've ran the last three weeks. Starting your mentorship with AI, get more clients with paid ads and AI. You think grow your mentorship with AI would do well note it bombed. There were 15 people on the live training out of 250 that registered, very few showed up. There were literally two people on the VIP out of 40 that actually had purchased the VIP which is interesting. And so that tells me that it wasn't specific enough the idea of growing a mentorship. It's not specific enough. Get more clients with paid advertising is more specific. Starting a business is more specific growing your email list for your mentorship business is more specific. Getting more clients with webinars with Zoom events with five day intensives is more Pacific have an offer than just merely the generic and I broke my own rules with it, I thought it was a good idea. And I broke my own rules, and I slapped me in the face. And it proved exactly what I've been telling you guys. You cannot be generic and try to reach a wide range of people simply grow your mentorship with AI. Nobody actually was interested in that because it didn't deal with a specific issue that they wanted solves. If I had called it grow your mentorship with webinars using AI, I probably would have had 50 to 100 people on there. That's, that's the one I'm gonna test out next month because we had some good success with the one called Zoom events, I'm going to change it tweak it just a little bit to get specific as to the people that will show up. And I pay attention to who upgrades to the VIP and who shows up to the VIP. See, not only am I looking at the finances, but I'm also looking at who shows up. I pay attention to who shows up on these calls, who shows up and starts asking questions, not just who's purchasing, but who's actually leaning in who's actually wanting to grow, who's actually looking for help in their business. There may be a whole group of people that are out there that I could help that need my message that I could use to grow my email list I had somebody asked me the other day Jeremiah, why don't you run a an opt in offer which had GPT prompts want to know why it's the same reason why growing your mentorship with AI was a terrible offer for my business. Because it's not specific enough to those people that I'm looking to attract that are the best fit for what we offer. And when you can start to get more specific with your sales copy with your Facebook ads about an issue that goes deeper below the surface, grow your mentorship, and we just analyzed can't grow your mentorship is just surface level, I'm gonna put gy M, surface level, here's like a little tree right here. Going deeper goes into the root system, grow your email list, start your business, use paid ads, those are part of the root system of grow your mentorship, see what I'm saying? And so if I'm trying to advertise, so generically, at the surface level, around grow your mentorship, I'm not going to trap people, I got to get deep into the root system. I got to dive deeper into the root system, what is the root? And then I look at okay, in that root system, which of those lanes which of those branches actually turns into buyers, and people who show up that get results in my business and be willing to repel? Everybody else? Even if they think they're a good fit for me? Listen, I pay attention to where people put their money. Are you making an investment with me? And are you showing up with an investment? And if you're not I have a ranking system mentally and emote that I actually rank people's questions by I'm subconsciously giving a score of one to 10. To people's questions in my mind, in the back of my mind, a score of one to 10 the questions that they asked me on my free events based on who actually moves forward with me and becomes a client who's actually showing up, you know, a level one question. Jeremiah, how do you feel about being so crooked, that you charge so much money in your business? In socio economic times, like today where people can barely afford their groceries? How can you sleep at night? That's a question that I rank as a one. And yet, that's a very passionate question that some of the people who show up to my training have. But I've never had somebody who has actually asked me that question actually join my mentorship program. A level 10 is how can I really refine the sales copy in my Facebook ad to attract the buyers in my business? And how can I learn to communicate with those people better so that I can close more sales? Oh, and by the way, I just got $10,000 worth of sales last month. Fall lowering your methods, Jeremiah, that's a ranking of a level 10, in my mind. And so what I'm looking at is how can I, I literally like I get it, the person asking me how I can sleep at night, by operating such a crooked enterprise, that selling expensive coaching during these hard economic times, I get that they're very passionate about that question. But I really could not care less about their opinion of me. And I'm going to not even address that, in my messaging, in my marketing, because that person who's thinking that way, isn't going to progress to the next level with me, they may show up to my training, because they may want to know how can I grow with paid advertising? How can I get more clients, but at the end of the day, where they put their money where their mouth is, by the way, this person also wrote me and told me that she is just appalled by how much I charted for my business, and that I should be ashamed of myself. And I got like three, like, lengthy letters from her about it. Great, not my problem, not anything that I'm worried about, not anything that I will even reply to, or give further energy towards trying to make this person feel good. Trying to figure out how can I convince them that they should become a client? I'm looking for people that are willing to take action, not looking to debate or prove why they're right, and I'm wrong. And so I have a ranking system where I put that in subconsciously, when I'm running events, based off of the types of questions that I get, and then who progresses through my funnel. And it might take 2345 months before somebody, maybe they joined my initial email list, and then they become a client. That's fine. That's part of the process that we have in our funnel.

[512:48] Speaker 1: But I'm paying attention to

[513:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: what questions are the people that are actually progressing X asking? What issues do they have what's stopping them, and I'm giving very little concern to anybody else, whatsoever, even if they keep showing up in my ecosystem. That doesn't make me a bad person, that doesn't make me this. Whatever ideas that we come up with, in our mind, we have to become okay with rejecting people, and them rejecting us. We have to become okay with people not moving forward with us, because they disagree with us, because they don't like how we do things. And we need to focus on who are the ones that are a great fit to work with us, who are the ones that love coming into our space, that love coming into our ecosystem that are resonating with our message. So when you put it mentally in a box, the concern about what other people think about us, the worry of trying to manage, maintain and control the emotions that people have. Trying to manage maintaining control, if they like us, if they agree with us, if they approve of our methods, if they think that we're worth working with, if they're disappointed in, in what we're doing or not doing and you put that aside. That's the position to come from when you start writing your sales copy. So when you start creating sales copy, when you start writing your sales letter, when you start putting your campaigns together, when you start creating your Facebook ads, and you start crafting this all together, you have to put it aside concerning yourself about what people are going to think about you. Now when it comes into like this space right here, I want to listen to different people's opinions and feelings and desires and and and what Where are you stuck? You know, some of you feel like you're just you're you're stuck when it comes to asking for the sale. When it comes to asking for money. You're you're stuck wondering how do I communicate well with people? How do I nurture that relationship? How do I follow up with people that are on my email list? How do I create offers that serve people really well? And all of that is important. Don't get me wrong so you don't hear what I'm saying as as throwing everything out. When it comes to me actually coaching people. I know put that that on where I do care about that. When it comes to my sales and marketing. I would go nuts if I cared about what Everybody thinks. So those are two different hats that you need to wear. You have the mentor hat, right here. And then you have the sales and marketing hat. And what I've seen is I've seen people demonize this idea of, you know, will they there one person over here as a mentor? There another one over here when they're selling. I used to be a person that demonized that I would talk so bad about people that did that. I thought my mom was was the worst at doing that, that she would be one person while she's mentoring over here. But then when she's doing her sales and marketing, she's somebody else. Can't she just be congruent and authentic? And bless God, what a horrible woman she is literally, those were thoughts that I had about my mother. And I apologize and look back. And I'd say, Well, what little did I know? What arrogance? Did I have judging her in that way? What stupidity was I operating out of thinking that I knew better, in that sense. And now I look today, and I say, You know what, actually, that's exactly how you need to build your mentorship business, you need to come part mentalize. When you're coaching people, your messaging your methodology, how you coach people, how you put your methods, together, your framework separate from how you sell to people, how you make that connection, when you're selling your sales and marketing language, your Facebook ads, and learn how the two operate separate from each other. And that's how you can be the most effective to make the most amount of money in your business. Your goal is when people are on your email list. Your goal is you want to get people on your email list, build trust with them, as to the results that you can create, and then move them along your funnel to become a buying client with you and focus all of your energy on those that are buyers, and particularly not just all buyers, those that are getting the most results with you, and how can you help amplify their results even further? How can you raise up people to that level to get more results with you. Now that might mean that you may have a wide ranging message, you may have a message that can help a lot of different people from a lot of different backgrounds, from a lot of different experiences. And I'm not talking about because I know some people have misinterpreted what I'm saying here, only selling to rich people. That's not what I'm talking about at all. People that don't have a lot of money can still find 500 to $1,000, to make three payments of 200 to $400 a month to be able to solve a problem that they have. How do we know this because they do it with other things in their life. So don't feel guilty charging money for the thing that you know that can solve a problem for people, what you're doing is you're selling a compression of time to people. There are people out there that have problems that you have solutions to. And for them to get access to that solution. They need to pay you money. And you're not a bad person for telling them. I charge for this. This is how much it costs and sticking to your boundaries. sticking to your guns sticking to this is the level that I'm willing to show up with you for free, versus the level that I do with my paid clients. I get people all the time that are disappointed in this. I had this happen last time with a five day intensive. One of the people that was on the five day intensive three years ago had my personal phone number. Four years ago, he was on the five day intensive for free. The dude texted me every five minutes, the first three days of the intensive giving me his opinion, looking to make a deeper connection like we had for years. I haven't heard from the guy in four years. He didn't show up after day four. And I haven't heard from him since I can tell he was probably offended by the fact that I didn't continue that personal relationship that we used to have. But the truth is this our relationship kind of ended a little bit sour before he cussed me out on the phone last time we talked. So because of that. That's my boundary now. And I know that he's kind of a bit of a manipulative type of guy that tries to guilt people into giving him what they what he wants, and I refuse to do so. And sure enough, he was nowhere to be seen after day four. I haven't heard from him since I I haven't really thought about it since this moment in time. I'm not going out there trying to figure out what happened. Trying to resolve the issue. Listen, that's, that's ministry and corporate BS, it really is. People are told all the time in corporate, well, you got to you got to fix your mess, you got to clean up your mess in ministries, you got to clean up your mess. The fact that this guy doesn't want to like, is trying to get free. one on one coaching with me isn't my mess. Because I've transitioned my business, to where I have a structure of how people can reach me, and how they can interact with me, and how they can work with me, and how I'm willing to show up with people, and how I'm willing not to show up with people. I'm not willing to show up with certain people, just because they demand that I do. I have somebody trying to hit through to my phone here. It's a telemarketer they call three times Listen, just because they want to get through to my phone, does that mean that I need to drop everything, cancel this call and go answer them because they demand that I talked to them? No. And yet, that's how some of y'all are building your coaching business is you're willing to lay down your boundaries, just to please somebody because they demand you show up at a certain level just to make people happy. And you got to stop doing that. You have to be willing to say this is how I'm willing to show up. This is how I'm willing to and my boundaries. Come to the table. And if you're not willing to Oh, and by the way, that costs you a minimum of $1,000 to show up at that level. This is what I'm telling you guys that you need to say, Oh, you don't want to show up at that level. Great, then we have nothing else to talk about. And then walk away and focus on the people that are willing to show up at that level with you.

[673:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have to stop trying to manage, maintain, and please other people's feelings and emotions based off of the demands that they place on us. Even the perceived obligations that they have. When it does not fit into what is serving our life, in the life that we have designed and the life that we want to create for ourselves and our business, I have a vision for my life and my family, I have a vision for my future and where I'm going. And the version of how certain people think that I should show up, doesn't fit into that the version of how many people in the world think that we should show up is not going to serve you to make the kind of money that you want to make in your business. We have to be willing to disappoint people. We have to be willing to say, you know I value myself enough that I'm not willing to cave on this issue. Even when we receive criticism, even when we receive judgment. And listen, we live in a society today that tells us rich people who ask for money are evil, and you're evil if you ask for money. And that is a systemic message that tries to get people to stop doing the very things that I'm telling you to do. Most of society is going to tell you that everything that I've told you today is wrong. Why? Because it works really well and serves the corporate system. It serves the system of corporate America, it serves the system of fall in line and submit to authority. As a leader, as a mentor, as a trainer, as a coach, you got to rise above the system of what everybody else is operating in and step into your authority and start leading people instead of being a follower of what everybody else is doing what everybody else is telling you that you should do. And stop concerning yourself about are they going to like me? Are they going to judge me? Am I going to lose this opportunity over here if I do this? Now if that feels painful inside of you, you may need to ask yourself what beliefs are underneath the surface that are or that are influencing me feeling bad doing this. It may come from your workplace, social media, the news media, your spouse could come from your political beliefs could come from the people that you're talking to, could come from your church, whatever that is. But if you want to make is the kind of money that you want to make. And like I said, my mission with this client growth accelerator, and I'm gonna say something really powerful I, at this level today, August 14 2023, we've been building this this coaching program for about a year now. If you have a problem with making a ridiculous amount of money, I am no longer going to be concerning myself with that. In this program, I am only going to focus on people that are in this program that want to make a ton of money and impact a ton of people and want to do so while working only five to 10 hours a week. I'm not talking about burnout. I'm not talking about you burning the candle at both ends, stressing yourself out and killing yourself for the almighty dollar. No, thank you. I'm talking about leveraging your time so that you could go on vacation for two weeks and still make money in your business. And that's consistently coming in how many of y'all want that if you don't want that. Stay in this program. Be in this atmosphere, start to challenge what beliefs are behind not wanting that, what beliefs are behind stopping you from going to that level. And if you need strategies and help and support with your copy with your ads with your offers, that's what this group is for. That's what the Facebook group is for is to help you do that. But it's time for everybody in here to rise up to a new level to step up to a new level. You know, when I look at people like that I've worked with Rick Pino, Danny Johnson, Sandy Krakowski. I believe every single member in this program can can operate in business at the same level they do financially. Because they're no different than anybody who's in this program. I'm no different than you guys at all. Other than the fact of how do I put the puzzle pieces together to reach clients to grow my email list to build trust with people and to close sales? And I'm willing to do it consistently. Because I know that I know that I know that it works. Are you willing to do the same? And so I'm going to take some questions here. I'm excited about this. I'm excited about the next year in this program. I'm excited to see the first multimillionaires that come out of this program. You know, we talk about making six figures in this program. But the truth is, this is a program to become a multimillionaire. You'll get to six figures on the road to seven figures. What I teach you comes from the perspective of what it takes to go from step one to step two to step three to step four. You can become a DECA millionaire, you can make 10s of millions of dollars, following the exact systems that we show you here in this program. The choice is yours. That's it. That's all I'm gonna take some questions here. I know my five day intensive starts at 1pm My time 2pm Eastern, so I'm gonna I'm gonna do a hard stop at 1230 here today. 12 1240. So I can just go make some lunch real quick. I want to take some questions here. Whoever wants to raise their hand. What's up? Denise?

[774:49] Speaker 2: I don't have a question. But I just have a comment. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Everything that you're saying, I just completed my six virtual event. I launched a I have a mentorship group, which I started out of this, then I have a coaching group because mentorship and coaching are not the same thing. My coaching group is a low dollar item. And I started I have six people in right out the chute. And I've been in this probably might be one of the old timers here.

[783:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you've been in the industry almost as long as I have actually, I've been

[784:48] Speaker 2: in the industry for a long time for a little while. And I can say like working the system, this system works. And I've what I've dedicated myself to is work the system. And now I have enough data, your numbers are so spot on, like 50% of the people that sign up, they're not even going to like move past just signing up 50% of the next group aren't going to jump into the group. Like I have so much data now that I don't even worry about the numbers per se. Because I know like I just have to keep working the system. And then where I have my attention is on the people that are engaging with me and I'm really focusing on like I know who they are. Like, I'm like opening my emails. I've really gotten more into my emails in the past like six weeks to eight weeks. And because that's been my gap area, my gap area has been in selling like doing the pitch. And what I'm learning is, I just have to keep doing it. Like I've seen your videos. And it's like, I have to build that skill because I'm the

[802:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: muscle that you grow just like working out. Yeah, believe it. I just gotta

[803:35] Speaker 2: keep doing it. And the more I do it, it feels way more natural now. And my other gap area has my email, I never even used to look at my email data. Yeah, you scared because my email open rates sucked. So I was like, totally avoiding it. So now I'm like, in my numbers, I'm working with the chat GPT and your trainings on how to increase my open rate and my click rate. So it's just working the system and I I've told myself a year, I'm giving myself ease a year to just get really grounded in the system. Yeah, I am seeing growth in my business. Love. So I'm satisfied. You know, it's it's isn't what I want more. Yes. However, I'm going from using no system, this is what I've said. It's like the wisdom from God is you're going from no system. And he's you've just been kind of winging it out there. Yeah. stuff in a system. And that takes time to get

[819:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: it takes time to test the system, see how it works? Put it together, design it for you, all of that. And what is your what is your, like niche and industry that you're helping people with?

[823:00] Speaker 2: So I, God, this is another thing. I have been doing general coaching, life coaching, and I found myself in faith based coaching. And you I'm very proud of myself. I'm about to niche down into purpose, identity. Perfect. Yep. That's what people keep. Like, that's what people keep wanting from me. And I've resisted it. And I've resisted working with church people. Yeah, that's my next breakthrough was I have issues with church folk. So I have a great therapist, which I'm going to delve into that with ifs therapy, because the church has not been a safe space for me. Yeah, it just be like last week, I have issues with the people I'm trying to serve. I get blind spots. So but that's great. Because I was like, Wow, imagine like breaking through that. Like the level of effectiveness despite that I have like it unseen issues with people. And I've been this effective. Oh my gosh, yeah, I must say, and I've never been the kind of person to have fun. I've always been such a perfectionist, and everything's had to just be so right. And for the first time in 20 years, I'm actually having fun with what I'm doing, like I make it own. And

[844:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: the most important part about it, I think,

[845:42] Speaker 2: I didn't know that was possible. Yeah, I'm fine. It's like an expression. And it's being God and I pray and I just wait. And I said like things to just empower people. So this is all like the system really works for those of you that are new, or is just putting the time into it and listening to the trainings and

[851:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: it really does work. So thank you. Some people on here might think that I talked to you beforehand and told you to come up and say all that. I don't know what

[854:10] Speaker 2: accident I actually launched with a broken hand. I had, I have not been able to bend this finger at all. And this figure, I've been recovering from an accident that I had that was his been the hardest three months of my life. And I've been away but you know, I just felt like I can't not grow my business. So I've just taken it little tiny steps while I do four hours of physical therapy a day right now on this finger. Oh, wow. extremely rigorous. So thank you.

[863:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Sarita. What's up? Oh, no. Okay, though.

[865:03] Speaker 3: So I've been having pretty good success, as you may remember with doing live events, and I asked you in a previous class what you thought about just doing like, impromptu to events in between challenges to my market, and I did it. I've done it about four times, and it's gone pretty well. Just like 67 people showed up

[870:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: on those are great ways to nurture that relationship with people.

[871:54] Speaker 3: So my question to you is have you what are your thoughts on using these impromptu live events and streaming them on my YouTube channel to also, you know, impact the viewership on my channels?

[875:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not sure. I'm not sure I have the data on how that would work. I'd say what test it out. Um I have horrible viewership numbers on my youtube so it doesn't really affect my business. Much like how the YouTube goes. So let's take some of these and use them as like bonus trainings as well to include with maybe some of your like registration content or things like that.

[883:21] Speaker 3: So what Mike, maybe just so that I'm clear that you understand my question is directing them to watch the YouTube Live instead of just streaming it on Zoom. Does that make sense?

[887:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if you can direct people that are on your email list to go watch it or go watch the replay. Live or something like that. Yeah, that's, I mean, that's a I when I ever whenever I stream on Zoom, I also send a YouTube link to for people to watch. Wow, okay, I'm doing both. Yeah. Okay. Got it. Got it. Yeah, right. Now to get more viewers through it, stream it to YouTube? Yeah, I do the same thing. I do it both zoom. I don't tell people that I'm doing it to both. Mr. Because I really want that kind of commitment to be able to show up on zoom with people. Part of that is my sifting process, as I didn't say that, because we do a lot of our mentorship through zoom. So I want to kind of set that there, but then I'll send a YouTube link as well. I know.

[898:45] Speaker 3: I'll try that.

[899:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. All right. Elizabeth wells, what's up?

[901:08] Speaker 4: Hi, there, um, several sorts of questions. I'm gonna say that quickly, because I know got a hard stop. So I love that you talked about compartmentalize that helped me. So it's sort of like, so let me I'll go through all the questions, then we'll get back. So it's sort of like what you do versus what you're selling and the results people get. Versus now I'm telling you about my work. This is a paid service and session started $300 or something like, right, yeah, those are I wanted to delineate those, the three, and then I also, I'm going to put this in the group, see, I'm looking for good languaging. When I have language, I have wings. So when I went around selling like, you're just saying, you know, this is a paid service. And this is my session started this. I mean, just real good lunch, but kind language, because sometimes I'm not sure when to introduce those components. So the woman so for that, so the last thing is I, you know, don't have resources right now to be advertising or anything. But I'm, interestingly enough meeting women in the community, who are interested in meeting me working with me. And one who I did say, you know, this is a paid service. And she said, Yeah, this is great. We may work together, we don't long conversation. Of course, in every long conversation, they tell me their story. But there's other ways I'm finding because she's like, you know, it turns out, she's got a huge list. She's like, I have the people you need. She's a manager, and the art. And she said, let's create a retreat together. You know, so there's so many, that's a whole different bunny, you know, of like, you know, recreating with somebody, or are you doing it for me? And I'm not giving her any thing? Yes, in my coaching, you know, maybe she wants that to come through a retreat that I'm doing for a group of people. So sort of applying a lot of what you're teaching here to that. But let me see if you have any comments here. And also to go back, and I'll put that up, put that question in the forum about good languaging?

[931:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And how please let me answer this question first.

[932:32] Speaker 4: And when you introduce that to someone, because a lot of people come up to me and start telling me their story. And their Oh, you do that? And I don't know when to introduce it. If that's, you know, like, something is so good.

[936:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you hear me? Yeah. Okay. So, the first thing is, is like you want to really define clearly like, what you do the results you get people and what it is that you're selling. And and you want to package it in a way that you can like, you don't need to when you're selling something you don't want to like have to explain a lot of what you're selling. A lot of that comes in, like when you talk about what you do and the results you get people. You're what I always think of as that I think of that as part of the selling process is informing people and demonstrating to them what I do, what kind of results we get. And then oftentimes the only time that I'm selling to people is by that time, they're like, Well, how can I work with you? And I say, well, here's what I offer. And so they're asking, How can I work with them? Because they've already qualified the fact that they want the result that I get people.

[949:28] Speaker 4: Great. You just compartmentalize stuff for me even more, which is really helpful for my brain. Yeah,

[950:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. And so that's one that's one thing. You can watch through the different presentations and webinars and challenges that I've done particularly like on days four and five, is where I do the actual sales pitch. If you're talking about one on one, in my experience, whenever I'm doing one on one as I always lead I'm still leading the conversation to okay, what is the results I get people, I want to make sure that they even want the result that I actually get people. So I'm qualifying that initially nine times out of 10. I've actually found that most of the people that I was connecting with didn't actually want Want the result I got people, they were wanting something completely different. So like, oh, they started the conversation with me with, hey, I want to grow my business. And then turns out, they were looking for somebody to just run their Facebook ads. So at that point, like, I'm not going to continue that and try to sell them what I do at that point, because they made it very clear what they're actually looking for. So that's why me becoming curious. I my whole sales process is it stems from relentless curiosity, of never assuming that I know what somebody actually wants. So that's one part of it, and getting them to tell me what they actually want. And then if it's something that I can help with, I'll direct them if it's somebody that a friend of mine can help with, I'll direct them to a friend of mine. And then what you do is you just, you'll learn a pattern in the conversation, because I've talked with so many people for so long. There's, there's literally like a communication pattern that people have within the first like two minutes of talking with them, where I can tell what they're actually wanting or not. And, and so that's come through experience of talking with enough people. And I can determine are they looking for a mentor or a coach? Are they looking for a nine times out of 10, what I found is, most of the mentors and coaches that I that I meet, they do not want help at all. And so I've realized, I'm not even going to try to sell my services to somebody that does not want what I do or deliver. I want to find the people that are actually looking for somebody to help guide them, direct them in the specific area that I help people with.

[987:28] Speaker 4: You know what I realized? Just just just thinking that I need like a stepladder because I've mixed everything up that I do. So like I have a course. But that's not what I do. It's a product. Often when I tell people like you know, people in a very intellectual brain, they're like, Well, you do too much, you're offering too much. It's not that I do too much or offer too much. But I haven't given a stepladder of this is what I do. And these are my products. And this is, and that's a different brand.

[993:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you make it very specific, and you don't have a lot of things you make a kind of like one path. I think that's the other thing is having too many branches that you offer. Can

[996:42] Speaker 4: I have too many branches? It's that I haven't figured out how to get the branches are important. But you don't lead with all the branches you tell you don't tell everybody about every leaf on the tree, you tell them the the species of the tree? And that's what I have to figure out for myself, you know, in terms of Yeah, because my tree has squirrels on it. And but bugs and this all that. But what's the name of the tree? Do you understand what I mean?

[1003:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do it goes back to kind of what I was showing over here is when I was doing like grow your mentorship with AI, there's way too many like sub conversations to that, right? As well as when I lead with Okay, growing your email list or using paid advertising or starting a mentorship business that leads way better to the end result. And ultimately, what I help people with is developing and designing their offer that attracts the right clients. Right. So that's the that's the big key is the offer creation side of things. Because if you don't have an offer that gets people on your email list there your you need some way to get people to make a presentation with. And so also you're talking about as you're talking about one on one conversations you have with people, we want to now convert that into an online space where you find 150 200 women just like these. Well, that's the same problem.

[1018:16] Speaker 4: That's the beauty of the meeting this one woman recently because it was a one on conference, one on one conversation. Yeah. She said let's do a retreat. I have all the people. And I'm like, Okay, this is

[1021:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: good. That's good. That could create like a joint venture situation, something like that. You want to make it you want to clearly talk upfront about how you're going to be compensated if you guys partner. Oh, yes, we are. That needs to be the first part of the conversation. Otherwise, it can turn into a mess later.

[1026:16] Speaker 4: Thank you so much for your time, Jeremiah.

[1026:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Definitely. All right. Well, we're at 1205 we answer those questions really quickly. Anybody else? Want to raise their hand? Ask some questions here today.

[1033:19] Speaker 1: going once going twice What's up Shonda?

[1037:02] Shonda Whitworth: Hey, Jeremiah. I just wanted to tell you can you hear me? Yeah. Okay. I just want to tell you thank you for this. It was such a great confirmation. I went through the boundary to So this last week, and everything you shared was what I did. And it started with a potential client, not even a client, wanting to have a one on one for a nonprofit that they wanted to, to apply for a grant for and wanted to get a quote from me for my services. And I didn't know exactly where they were going. Well, she lives in California, she works during the day that get off wanted to meet at six o'clock hard time, which is eight o'clock my time that's late for me. I'm not at my best at that time,

[1048:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: either. Yeah, exactly. And

[1049:36] Shonda Whitworth: I went ahead and agreed to meet with her. But she texts me and she's someone that I already have a relationship with. So we got our phone numbers. And so she texted me and said, Oh, I still have to go pick up pizza for the kids. I'll call you when I get home. And I said, I think we need it. I said, I think we need to reschedule. And it's been crickets ever since.

[1055:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, yep. So I've had that happen, too. I'm not saying this has happened. But sometimes people do that to see how much they can push you around. Especially in nonprofit settings. Because nonprofit settings are built on being able to push people around and make them do what people say, at all costs. I have had more ministry, people do that to where I rescheduled told them I couldn't at a time. And then they did the same thing. Oh, I'll call you when I'm free and say, Hey, I'm not available. And I didn't hear from them again. And I am convinced they either got offended by the fact that I didn't just part the Red Sea for them. Or they were testing me to see how much they could push me around.

[1067:40] Shonda Whitworth: I felt like you know, you keep saying it was a test. I kept feeling like I kept hearing that in my spirit that this is a test. And for me to value myself and not and not compromise my boundaries. But there was a lot more like that happened over the weekend, a lot of pulling like that. Not so much wise, but other wise of things that I'm getting pulled on. And I had to set my boundaries and tell people I'm just not going to call them and pray with them. Because people want me to call and they want to call and let me pray. And I just set my boundaries. And I'm like, Well, yeah, I've got too much. And so, so it was very insightful. So everything you share today, I read that

[1079:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had a situation where I set a boundary like that, and they they sat me down and had a meeting about how dishonorable I was their position of spiritual authority for not meeting with them on their timeline. And I said, I don't think this is going to work out and they were even more offended. And so I'm telling you, there's there's, that's a little I mean, I'm not saying that's the situation, but it can be.

[1085:56] Shonda Whitworth: Right, so you say it and roll it down, be willing to disappoint people because we value ourselves enough. On our issues,

[1088:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what I mean, when I say be willing to disappoint people, I'm not saying like you go out there and defraud people, and now they get disappointed, right? Completely different situation. Like if you are, you know, selling people, crappy products, and they're just like, that's your responsibility to deal with. But we're not going to please everybody and what you just described as a great example of how, how that can be. I also understand I mean, nonprofits, they really are, they're, it's a different type of situation. A nonprofit is very much built on a commitment to like a two way street of a give and take type of a thing. And so that might be why you didn't hear back from them. So maybe maybe it'd

[1099:38] Shonda Whitworth: be wise then to really consider about wanting to enter into a contract with a nonprofit. And yeah,

[1101:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: you qualify them first. I know plenty that also don't operate that way. It's all about your own boundaries. I mean, because I still to this day, work with Georgie and ban off, and they respect boundaries. So well. They're, they're amazing about it. All, they, you know, they encourage their staff too, as well. Because they know that in the nonprofit space, people get have gotten wounded by not doing that. So they actually encourage people to have boundaries to prevent the wounding, which is awesome. Yeah, well, I

[1111:12] Shonda Whitworth: appreciate that. So thank you.

[1111:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And burnout. Exactly. All right. So Neil, are Sunil. Is that? Am I saying that right.

[1113:21] Speaker 1: Thank you so much. You raised a point for me last week about the education trap. And I'm not in the industry that you're in. So this fascinates me when I hear you talking, like today, your passion. The I felt like you're going to come out and my screen has grabbed me today. So how can I and some other people it may be caught an easy question. But, you know, there's so much information. And I've been on this program for maybe three months, and I'm still not move forward. So I know I'm going to track somewhere. But is it just procrastination is it just excuses that I'm not putting the time in, but I just wanted to pick your brain very quickly.

[1125:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, it could be any number of those things. I think, if you were one thing, like when I'm coaching people, the first thing I'll ask is like, what, what do you think that it might be?

[1130:24] Speaker 1: I mean, I think it's a lack of organization, but lack of maybe focus, but I have other businesses, which I'm, which get pulled into. And so I mean, real estate, but once you get into the education part, okay, which is fantastic. And I think, well,

[1135:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you've not been in like, you've not done an educating or coaching business before?

[1136:14] Speaker 1: No, but I've trained NLP, but okay. Yeah. But I'm what I'm more. The, the real estate in the UK is changing. And I have three decades of experience. And I think this is where I love the group coaching, because it's much easier than to deal with one to one because you've got questions coming back and forth. But so I think it's a lack of time in some ways, or it's a lack of focus on this new venture.

[1144:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so you're finding that, are you struggling to actually commit the time to build this new venture? Yeah, I'm enjoying it. But that's a that's a sort of a simple one to look at. I'm the only reason we do that is is I, this sounds brash, but like, once you realize it, it's a good thing. The only reason we're not doing things because other things are more important. That's all. And so what's more important in your life that's taking up the time? What are we focusing on? And then you might and this is where we might argue, Well, no, it's not more important, but our actions show what's most important to us, right? And so we got to look at, okay, is there a reason why building our business, especially when it comes to procrastination is lower on the priority list right now? And everything else seems to kind of push it down. And so then what would that answer be?

[1161:30] Speaker 1: In a way, it's easy to listen to you and get educated. And it's, it's very, kind of not blowing smoke. I'm very. I think you talk every time you talk, there's so many golden nuggets and so much value. I appreciate that. It's easy to listen to that rather than going through the work.

[1167:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah. Yeah. A big part of that can be it's, as you mentioned, it's, um, you're getting a what is it? There's like a, there's a, there's a, it's the pleasure centers in your brain are firing when you learn new stuff. Yeah, I'm the same way. So really, it's like, we have to sort of discipline ourselves to Okay, I'm going to, if I'm going to spend an hour learning I need to spend an hour implementing, and sort of create some of those boundaries for ourselves, that says, okay, if I'm going to spend an hour doing this, I'm going to spend an hour doing that I do the same thing with with entertainment myself, because I actually really, I actually find that I'm more creative in my business when I participate with entertainment, but I can get sucked into entertainment. And so if I'm going to spend an hour watching a TV show, I might actually build my business while I'm watching the show. That's actually how I consume a lot of entertainment is I'll have like a TV show on while I'm writing sales copy. I did that last night. But yeah, a big part of it is it has to do with it's like, really learning to control. The that sort of like, Okay, I'm getting a lot out of learning a lot I was in this position about two years ago, three years ago, is I discovered for the first time books on leadership. And I got addicted to reading every leadership book. And I found that as I read them, so I was in a situation where every time that I was in a leadership situation, people would yell at me and they would just not want to work with me. And so I'm like, okay, the problem is me. People don't want to work with me. I'm a horrible leader. I started reading all these leadership books. I'm like, wow, like, what did I not know that I wish I had learned years ago about leading people. So in that I became really addicted to learning about are leading people and then learning about and then it transitioned into learning about my trauma and how my triggers were stopping me from being able to be a good leader. Like, if I get into a situation somebody says something that's triggering, if I suddenly like lash out of them, that's not really me being a good leader. And so all of that I became really immersed in, but I wasn't building my business. I was really just kind of gloving all this information. And I had to sort of put some of the learning aside, or limit the amount of time that I would spend learning, and then start implementing, and I sort of created this like reward system where, okay, if I'm going to spend an hour listening to a personal development book, I need to spend two hours building my landing page, or figure out some ratio that works for you. And that worked really well. And then I started creating new habits. So the other part of it is that you're in sort of like a habit structure, where you're really enjoying these, these, the learning and all of that. And so we want to create a new habit that may feel uncomfortable. Now, here's the second part of it, the building because it's new for you, even though you have all this experience, there may be some discomfort underneath the surface that we need to start to address that we're trying to avoid. One of the biggest reasons for procrastination is its pain avoidance. And when we talk about pain, so for me, I was avoiding yesterday I had a project that I put off for four days. Now, that's amazing. For me, I'm like looking back, and I'm actually super grateful high fiving myself that I only procrastinated for four days, because a year ago, that would have been four weeks. Two years ago, that would have been four months. I'm actually looking at my list, there is something I procrastinated for four weeks that I really needed to do. There's something underneath the surface a pain that I'm avoiding by procrastinating that thing and being able to look at internally saying, Okay, what is this, this pain that I'm trying to avoid? And really what it was is, is that I didn't want to like get so sucked in to this one project that I neglected this group right here today. I actually because I had my webinar on Saturday, I have my five day intensive and I have this group right here. So that was consuming my thoughts for the last four days. But I realized I was letting my goal to serve this group prevent me from doing something that I had to do that I was procrastinating. So I got to the root cause I got the project done last night. And now we're off to the races. So it's it's just really starting to become self aware of what's beneath the surface when we put off doing what we need to do as well. All right, brilliant. Thank

[1244:53] Speaker 1: you so much. Yeah, yeah.

[1245:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. What's up, John? John, Dan Lee.

[1246:29] Speaker 6: Yeah, super quick on really, I put a post in the in a group. So feel free to add to that later if you want to. But my dilemma here specifically, is I was watching a video from Alex Hormoz. He last week. And he was talking about getting your first five clients, and it was absolutely fantastic. And it was do the first five. That's great. Yeah, it was saying do the first five for free and then get feedback. And yeah, one for like, 80% off, and then the next one for like 60% off and all that kind of stuff.

[1253:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like that I like doing that. You just got to make sure that you don't get stuck in 80% off or free. And then always discounted at that level. Right?

[1256:18] Speaker 6: So the thing was, I posted in the Dean Graziosi group last week, because somebody said, What's your fear? And I said, Well, what fear would you love to overcome? And I said the fear of asking people for money to help them overcome depression. And somebody DM me and said, I would like to pay you to help you move accom depression, and I'm like, okay, but now I'm not quite sure at what to what to charge because I was gonna start off with zero. He whether to just do it for zero or whether to charge him given that he said he wants to charge wants to pay. So

[1265:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, you could go through it again. You could charge like 80% off like, like he says, since I know, have you done this type of stuff for free for people before?

[1267:38] Speaker 6: Not a whole program? Okay, okay. My first client actually doing it like properly, I gotcha.

[1269:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, then maybe you might need to take somebody on, you know, at a discounted rate just to kind of go through the program, and then they'll help you sort of develop the program out.

[1271:21] Speaker 6: Right. The problem is I've actually had somebody DM me saying, I want to pay you to help me.

[1272:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Then well, then what are you thinking of paying of charging and then cut that in half? Okay. Yeah, you could try that. I did that in the beginning. I think that there's that there's a benefit to that if you can discipline yourself to raise your prices later. Right. That's one of the biggest things but it's 100% valuable to be able to listen, I got my first job when I talked about working with Danny Johnson. The way I got that job working with them as I had off For to do the work that I did for them, I offered it for free for the first time, because I wanted to build my portfolio out. But I told them if this works out, I'm going to charge you guys next time. Yeah, because we're not going to let it

[1283:34] Speaker 6: pay me what you think it was worth kind of concept as well.

[1284:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, there are certain levels of prayer, I mean, you know, I wouldn't charge less than 100 bucks. Yeah, 200. Because again, we say 500 to 1000 is the goal. So 80% off of that, it's gonna be about 100 to 200. At that point to start, and there's value there, it'll, it really will kind of devalue you a little bit to sort of go below that. That's cool. But yeah, that's a great way to like come up with a way of building confidence for asking for the payment is starting at the level that you feel comfortable with. Um, I would just, sometimes we can get stuck there. And that was my problem was why I got I actually got stuck, there is why I say this. I got stuck there, charging two, you know, 100 200, an hour $47, for my classes, things like that. And it wasn't profitable for me. And it took really like a front end alignment of my, like, why I thought I wasn't worth more than that. And why I struggled to what I realized was, I'm actually thinking back to this, as we're talking about this

[1307:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I didn't want to have to explain my worth to people. And I had so many people at that time, I was hanging out with a lot of really negative people. So this might not be your situation. But I was hanging out with a lot of people that were telling me that I didn't have a lot of worth, and that I shouldn't charge anything. And so all of that was just kind of coming together to where I had to really like re recreate my life from the ground up at that point. Um, you know, I had a guy who he demanded that I gave him 100 hours of coaching for free, because of one thing that he said that I said that he misinterpreted, and that he was going to hold me accountable to. And I almost gave him 100 hours of free coaching because of that, because I was afraid of him being upset at me. And so I was hanging out with a lot of people that were like manipulators, and they weren't healthy people at all. And so that was part of that. And I had to really start to own my worth and own like, what the value is inside of me. That was one of the first steps right there. I don't know if that was helpful for you. But

[1328:40] Speaker 6: yeah, kind of. Yeah, my, yeah, the block at the moment is like somebody has said they want to pay me and I'm like, Okay, do I pay on time and make them pay full price, but then it's my first time through, so I feel guilty about that. So yeah, so taking the money off makes a lot of sense. So Alex's suggestion was to get feedback and so forth, put the value in for them into giving you so forth. So that was

[1334:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: two things. I think there's definitely some value to following like what Alex said, I completely agree with that. But I also would look at asking, like, why why you feel guilty? Right, good question. I don't know. It's okay. You might not know right now, that's a that's a question for you know, over the next week or so is why we would feel guilty. Charging this much. When listen, you know, this people charging way more than you are, that are gonna deliver 1/10 The value you do.

[1344:56] Speaker 6: Yeah. When I was watching, I was watching a webinar this morning from a guy called Tim Herron and have you ever come across him? And he was his, his office doc was like this, and there's no there's no, there was like, you know, 1000s and 1000s of loads and loads of value and are thinking Crikey. And we only charged like $1,000. And I'm like, crikey, I can't even I can't even begin to cope to cope, to compete with that kind of price for that about that level of stuff that

[1351:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: part of the offer. Stacking is if you take your methodology, and you can use chat CBT to help with this habit, like split out. And I'll do like, what are 20 YouTube video topics that relate to this. And now each one of those could turn into a bonus class to your offer stack? Yeah, yep. So those are some different ways of doing that. I think you'll I think you'll get through this. I think that you're I think that you're making strides in the right direction with this conversation, even compared to last week or two weeks ago. We talked about it

[1360:00] Speaker 6: Yeah, remember, so just remember to read or watch the replay from two weeks ago.

[1361:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. And then think about, I think that there's a lot of value to especially like in your position, if you're dealing with the pricing fear. I'm discounting it for like the first two clients, and then doubling your price for the next two and then doubling it for the next two at that point, and, and just getting used to charging some kind of money for what you're doing. Yeah, you know, okay. At that stage, you'll, you'll, it'll be that muscle that you're growing. You know, and then we want to challenge okay, why do I feel like I could charge 47 or 97, but not 997? And then figure out what that belief is inside of us that like thinks, Oh, I couldn't charge that level. I've had to challenge that in myself as well. And so, you know, that's, that's part of it. All right, Elizabeth, I'll take this, this will be our last last question here.

[1375:33] Speaker 4: It's just interesting to me that it's been some of my clients in the past that set my prices, like I was charging, maybe, I don't know, $100. And somebody walked out and gave me 150. Or I was charging 171, you should charge 200. Charge. And they're giving me like more money than I asked for. And I'm like, I'm like, I do price now. So it's just a funny kind of thing. Doesn't happen a lot. But no, it's absolutely true, though. You know, people are valuing you. There's some people that are gonna value you more than what

[1384:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: they see your value, and you don't even see it yourself. So now at the same time, like not everybody's gonna see that value. Somebody will be like, You're not worth a dime. Like, that's not your concern at that point. Yeah. Thank you. So yeah, well, awesome. This has been great. This has been a really, really great session here. Thanks for all these these questions. Thanks for the interaction, those of you that lean in that do ask the conversations, things like that. Be sure to be posting in the Facebook group. I'll go check out those posts here. Over the next day or so. And we'll keep diving in as well. We got the five day intensive this week that we're running. And so we'll be we'll be sharing that with you as well. So it's i It's funny, I I am very excited about this five day intensive because I have a different level of conviction about what I do this time around than I did last even last month. And I watched through some of my older like webinars even three months ago, and they're getting better and better and better. I'm getting more focused in on the right people to work with, to helping solve the problems with people. And so I'm excited to see kind of what comes out of this five day deal that we do here this week as well. So thanks for being here. And we will talk next week. Have a good one.

