CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-10-23T20:18:03.000Z
Duration: 145 min
Otter ID: IZOVFQhqvJWbkwwH3xn8cFbnE2Y
---

[0:49] Coach Cyndi Sanders: All right. We'll go live on Facebook.

[4:51] Speaker 1: We're already ready. Ready?

[5:46] Speaker 0: Oh man. Hey, I am excited today. How's everyone doing? What she likes.

[7:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, everybody. Beautiful People Monday morning.

[9:29] Speaker 0: Amazing.

[9:46] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Wow. All right. Let me see. Join us live. What's today's date? Today's date in the calendar?

[13:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: October 23. October 23. At the time I don't I don't remember the date like 99% of the time. Sometimes I don't even remember the day of the week it is. So October 23 live training plus. All right, well, today is going to be exciting. I got some really fun stuff to share

[19:01] Coach Cyndi Sanders: with you have been like I've been like really excited about today's training for a minute now. We're recording or live in the Facebook group?

[22:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Am I live in the group? Or did I just go live on my whole social

[23:33] Coach Cyndi Sanders: media? Let's see. So now we're just having the group Okay, good. There's still enough like, we've only only I've never actually shared what goes on in here. Outside of it. Like,

[29:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think I've maybe shared one of our live q&a days as like a bonus with one of our free events. But you know, it's a very exclusive community that we have here. And I think that that makes it fun. It makes it a safe space to kind of talk about the hard things. We had a great time this weekend. That thought the offer Launchpad mastermind that we did eight sessions basically just diving deep into the stuff that keeps us stuck. And I think that that is is so powerful. I think that when we can become self aware of our sticking points, we can make a plan to get unstuck. And sometimes we're not technically stuck, I just want to preface that we're just more choosing to coast. I think there's times for that. I think there's time to take a month or two off. I do it every at least two or three times a year, I take about three to four weeks off from the marketing and really just focus on just content creation because it's funny content creation, like no, it's not the way for everybody. But for me is just kind of it's one of the easier things I can do I find it to be the least stressful, like creating content and training people when it comes to marketing and selling that's way more stressful for me overall. And if anything I feel like a lot of y'all can even like relate with that is it's I would much rather be teaching people and mentoring people than selling to new people. But I love the selling because that creates the money and then that creates the lifestyle and the business so they're there they're important to do I have come to love the selling a lot more. Oh my goodness. You're right, the microphone. Thank you. The microphone was literally behind my monitor. Can you hear me much better now. It was behind my monitor. A little Halston likes to crawl up here and chase the cat around. Now they're learning how to interact together which is really cute seeing him and the cat interact. But I turned the monitor so that like I could watch football yesterday while I was doing that. So anyways, we had a great time. This weekend, the offer Launchpad event, broke through a lot of really great stuff. If anything, I'd recommend checking out at least the first two sessions of that for anybody. A lot of really great breakthrough in that one of the huge things that was that was a breakthrough. Somebody had brought up. I don't think she's on here today. There was a lot of stuff. A lot of the people who are on that event are not on here today. Cindy was on there with us. David was on there with us. But, you know we dug up some deep stuff. I think one of them was like I've even been, like ruminating on it throughout the weekend. I appreciate one of our members was vulnerably shared her story of being told her whole life to not be so obnoxious to not be so out there to not be too much for people. And I feel like, you know, that's something that I really I was brought to tears when she shared that. And a lot of our group resonated with that in our own way, being told to not outshine other people that we're not, you know, we need to be in the background and not the forefront. And I gotta tell you this, that that thinking will get in your head, and affect you, to stop you from being able to actually reach the people that you're meant and called to reach. Because in our calling in our businesses in our lives, we're meant to shine brightly. And the way to be effective at marketing your business, is to shine brightly, is to not shrink back is to not hold back. And so that might resonate with some of you, as far as maybe you've been told your whole life, you know, you're too much. You're too loud. I was told my whole life, you're too loud. You asked too many questions. Well, guess what, that's how God made me and that's what's made me a lot of money is being loud and asking too many questions. You know, I find a lot of people, they're like, well, Jeremiah, it's just not my personality to be out there like that. Oftentimes, people that say that have been told to not be that way. Again, you don't have to be like I am or anybody else or any, you know, authentic to yourself. But think about that, if maybe there's some shame or guilt attached to being that way, anywhere that we have shame or guilt around doing or being a certain way is a is a block that stops us from stepping into our calling, and impacting people at the at the highest level. And so that was just something really powerful that we had we had talked about during the event. The other thing I want to point out, for those of you that don't know, we just completed in the members area, when you log into the members area, the MailChimp Made Easy course and so if you're struggling with MailChimp, specifically how to use it, how to set it up how to get it to work for you, it's a five lesson course all about using MailChimp, which is really awesome. And then we have the five minute Content Creation Blueprint course, the five minute Content Creation Blueprint course is one we're on Lesson three of right now, the whole concept of it is this, like I said, making content for me is very easy, I want to impart that to you to where making content becomes easy for you. And for me, I say this, I only spend five minutes coming up with any piece of content. At any given time, maybe I'll spend 30 minutes if it's a group like this, but I don't I really try to limit the amount of time like timeline, hours of my day that I spend coming up with ideas for content. And so what I'm teaching in that course, is really how to tap into what's deeper inside of you to come up with really high quality content, without having to take a lot of time to do so you know, I hear people, they'll they'll spend days coming up with one piece of content. That's great, if you love the art form of that. And it's awesome. I don't think most of us have the time to do that. And so you can create quality content on just five to 10 minutes in a day. And it's really good quality content. That's that's a win win for everybody, I think, for us, for our marketing for our businesses. And so that's what the five minute Content Creation Blueprint course is all about, is being able to maximize and limit the amount of time that you have to spend to actually create valuable high quality content that impacts people that you know, the whole idea of if you could roll out of bed and talk about something tomorrow. I think that that's a powerful thought exercise to step into is you know, if you could roll out of bed and talk about something that could impact people alive on a stage tomorrow, what would those topics be? And oftentimes that points us to something that we were really effective at coaching people on.

[145:50] Coach Cyndi Sanders: The other thing is is this well, that's that's really

[147:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: what gonna segment will segue me into my main

[148:12] Coach Cyndi Sanders: training here today is what I'm going to talk about. So when it comes to our coaching businesses sometimes when we set out there to build our business, the topic that we come up with that we feel

[153:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, this is a great topic for a coaching or mentorship or training business. When we put it out there to the public

[156:15] Coach Cyndi Sanders: is met with crickets.

[157:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that situation is something that we need to address. There's a second part to it as well. Our topic may be effective at one time. And we may have a ton of people buying into it, purchasing it becoming a client. And the second time we put it out there, and the third time, it's not met with as much response. You know, like, people loved it at one time. And then it seems like not as many people did, there's, there's kind of a clue to that usually the people who, quote unquote, loved it the first time out, they probably had been following you for a length of time as why they loved it. And so what I really love to tap into, and anytime that I'm mentoring coaches and consulting people is we have to find

[169:48] Speaker 0: a topic.

[170:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is whether you're starting out, or you've been doing your coaching business or mentorship business for a while. This is an approach that I had to take with my mom, we would, we would do this probably every year, while I was working with her with Rick Pino, every, every three to six months we would do this, the

[175:16] Speaker 0: goal is,

[175:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a difference between a person that you have talked to five to 10 times, like, let's say that you've had five sessions of interaction, or they've watched five pieces of content with you, or 10 of your videos, right? Somebody, if they've watched 10 of your videos, and you really like good content, or, or they've been on 10 of your webinars, maybe they've gone through 10 of your courses, or maybe they just open 10 of your emails, like that's a wide range of, but they've had five to 10 touch points, and they're still engaging with you, and they're still interacting, that person has a much higher level of trust in you than somebody who this is their first time meeting you from a Facebook ad, your your your lid, literally nobody to them, mate, maybe they heard of you from a referral. Okay, so that's like, that's like a one and a half right here. If you got a referral, you know, like, and I found this to be the case, I thought referrals were way more valuable than they then they are, a referral is really just a little bit better than than a cold lead. Ultimately, you're borrowing the trust that the referring person is giving you, they're basically telling the person they're referring, trust this person, because I do, but you still have to build trust with those people. You know, when I set out and build this, when I built this business from scratch, I was like, Oh my gosh, like I'm gonna, it's gonna be so easy because I have so many people that can refer me and build trust. And I realized, like, that was not the case, I still had to build my own level of trust with people from scratch, there was a little bit of trust built. And so realizing the fact that even if we get a referral from people, we have to build trust with people and trust is built by interaction. Here's where I look at when we look at the best topic to choose from, when it comes to our coaching, and our offers, but whether it be our lead magnet offer, or our paid offer, and this kind of applies to both, because I don't want to okay, I'm not gonna skip too far ahead. I'm like trying to jump not jump too far ahead here. whatever topic you are marketing out to people.

[213:49] Speaker 0: It needs to be effective

[214:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: with people who've never met you before. And so oftentimes, we're leading with what's effective with people who already know us, who've already interacted with us. They've already had trust built, you're like, This is an amazing member, right? You got like five friends like this is the best, most life changing message in the world. You should be coaching people on this doing that. And then you go out there and run a Facebook ad and nobody signs up. Nobody registers does that? Well, it's because people that don't have any trust in you.

[222:39] Coach Cyndi Sanders: They, they they don't trust that taking a chance on you. Right, we have to like,

[225:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: really get into the mind of somebody that has never met us before. Like think about that. And the way I do this is I think about what I haven't met somebody before. I'm gonna be honest with you all I am. If I take a take stock of my own self, and how judgmental I am of people, I'm probably way harsher on other coaches and mentors that I see advertising than my and that's probably why I've dealt with harsh personal criticism. And self judgment is because, you know, I'll see somebody marketing and I'll immediately think, oh, like, are they really that good? Are they you know, like I I'm noticing, even though like the way that I look at other people is very

[236:14] Coach Cyndi Sanders: harsh and critical. And so

[237:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I realized that most people when they find us through a Facebook ad that they find us through social media content, and they haven't interacted with us. They don't trust us right now.

[240:12] Speaker 0: There's there's topics

[240:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: that are more effective with people that lack the level of trust in our interactions. So like one topic that you could put out there can be very interesting to people that don't have a lot of interaction and trust built with you. Let me give you an example of what that topic might look like. Starting your six figure coaching business from scratch, growing your coaching business with Facebook ads. For me and my business, I find that those two topics work really well. A topic that doesn't do as well is growing your coaching business with webinars, I need more trust built with people for them to really engage with me because there's there's a lot of layers, there's there's pain involved with asking people to do webinars, there's beliefs, there's preconceived judgments and notions and ideas. And so when we go out there to launch our offer, we're dealing with the preconceived judgments and notions and ideas that people have that probably are not even true about us, but that they think are true, that we're having to address and basically

[259:29] Coach Cyndi Sanders: break through to people

[260:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want, I need you to understand that this is probably one of the most important aspects for your business growth, and the next six months of your business.

[263:12] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Here's why. Because

[264:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you if you have a topic that you're coaching on, and we put it out there to people, and not a lot of people know who you are, they don't trust you. They've never heard of you. They don't believe your case studies. I mean, this like, super, like, basic level, honestly, how then do you expect to get them to buy anything from you? I mean, I mean, like real honest. Because like I asked myself that like, because the answer is they're not going to no matter how good your product is, no matter how good your coaching is, no matter how good your mentorship or training is. And this isn't something to leave us feeling depressed or down on ourselves or anything like that. It's that what we need to do is we need to really, like fully accept the fact that most people are going to be skeptical. Most people are not going to want what we've put out there. And we need to pivot in the direction of people to people's desires.

[280:35] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Now, here's the issue with that, that I meet people. They,

[282:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're like, Well, this is what they're asking for, but I'm not really very good at that topic. Or I don't really enjoy teaching that topic. That's what it was, for me. To be honest, I do not enjoy creating webinars about Facebook ads, but my business grows every time I do. So I have to put a lead magnet out there, that's 10 times more effective that might be based on a topic that, like I want to talk about what we're talking about right here all day with people. But I'm not going to attract a lot of people. How do I know that because I've tested it. Based on that. Let me give you an example with was what we did with Rick pinos business.

[293:04] Coach Cyndi Sanders: This whole idea of building a worship movement.

[295:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lot of people were asking him questions for that becoming a confident worshiper. Ultimately, that fell flat. And what really produced the best results was this hook of becoming the most famous songwriter in the world that got their songs listened to, because that was really what people when they heard that it triggered something inside of them that said, I want that. And I'm willing to make time in my schedule, and risk. The fact that this might not work, just to listen, because it might be too risky for me to avoid this. Now, the other thing is, is this is that when Rick started out, he started teaching people about how to

[307:37] Coach Cyndi Sanders: worship God

[308:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: better, because that's his passion. His passion is biblical, theological teaching. Like I mean, he's, he's a he's a he's a songwriter, and a theologian. And like, that's his life passion is helping people grab onto his

[312:23] Coach Cyndi Sanders: theology. But that wasn't marketable.

[314:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I had to tell him, I said, dude, like you got to you got to actually mark it with what people want. Not what you want them to have just because they need it. And I find that this is one of the biggest sticking points with a lot of coaches is that they either have too many ideas and so they have FOMO fear missing out, well, what if what if I launched this idea and I miss out on launching this idea, and this one's better, you're gonna have to pick something and test it out and see what happens. At the same time, you need to pivot your topic to the most profitable direction.

[324:59] Coach Cyndi Sanders: And it might not be what you want to do. It might not be even what feels comfortable for you today. It might not be

[327:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you dream of, quote, unquote. But it's profitable. This is why my mom has a statement that triggers a lot of people. But I know, as I grow as a business owner, I used to really hate when when she said this for a while. And she said it for years, my goodness that building a business on your passion is a load of book. And I was like, Mom, really? What? What are you talking about? And she's like, Yeah, because if your passion isn't actually going to make you money, then it's just a waste of your time. Just because you're passionate about it, just because you have a nice message. Just because you think it will help people isn't something to build a business around a business is something that produces cash flow, something that you can market, something that you can sell to people something that people will exchange actual finances with you for. And so just because you're passionate about something, listen, go out there try to market it. Absolutely. But if you're having trouble with it, after a year or two years, people aren't resonating with it. It's time to pivot a little bit. And I saw a great honestly, like, if I could, like literally just word for word, quote, this social media post for you, I should have copied it. And I find it again, I'm gonna share it with the group. This lady said, she shared this, I'm just gonna describe to you what it was, it was a it was a real on Instagram that was so such a powerful piece of content that I'm just I'm gonna steal her content. I'm gonna give it to you right now. Because I think it's so relevant is that when she started, she followed her passion to profit idea. But she couldn't seem to make any sales after three years. And she asked Gary Vaynerchuk, Gary, what's wrong, I'm posting content on marketing. And you want to know what Gary told her might be time to pivot in a direction of what might make you more money. Because maybe how you've been doing it isn't effective. And it's funny, she was like, Wait, Gary, I thought that that goes against what you've been telling me to do, just follow my passion that's follow what I feel good about. And he's like, that's a great way to start, is to follow your passion, because that will motivate you more than anything else. But you have to tweak and adjust and optimize how you're following that passion, in the direction of what's profitable for it to be a sustainable business. And so I'm truly I truly believe that I believe that passion sparks the fire. For mentors, coaches and trainers, see, we're talking about advanced level stuff here that like, doesn't resonate with the with the majority of beginner coaches. Why? Because it goes against everything that they're taught.

[373:58] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Your passion is a spark that might give you motivation.

[375:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your maybe what you've always done, maybe your first offer that did really well was the spark, to show you that this thing is going to work. And you know, I see this, what's her name Kim in our group shared, she launched a great offer. And then the sales kind of dipped. Bobby had mentioned that to you, he launched his offer, and the sales kind of dipped, again. That's where we got to look at, we're gonna have to pivot ever so slightly to the left to the right, up or down the topic that we're using as the hook to be more effective to reach people that don't have trust with us. Because the people who do have trust with you, they'll buy whatever you put out there, they already know you they love you. They love whatever it is. They'll buy whatever it is and here's what's cool when you don't take advantage of that when you don't abuse that you can make a lot of money. I found that that's really been the key to my success is I don't abuse the trust that I build with people. You know, I'm not out here selling and pitching to everybody constantly once they get into my my program here. But when I opened the doors to one on one coaching, I'll have a few people who jump in and it's a great cash flowing thing. We had our you know, we had a month where we did $160,000 in sales and one on one coaching. And it was it was amazing. Being able to do that. Because we're not constantly pitching to our audience. We're not constantly selling to them. We're providing repeated value.

[398:52] Coach Cyndi Sanders: By the way. Lead man

[400:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: exit offers free offers. Some y'all feel like that's selling and pitching too much to people. You need to have people give you their name and email address way more often than you are. And capture people's information way more often than you are and stop seeing it as this super like, oh my gosh, I'm afraid to ask them for their information type of a thing overall, okay, I'm talking about is like pitching people on something where it's like, oh, this is $1,000. Here, use i There's a lot of marketers out there. Well, they'll sell something every week, they got a new thing that's $1,000. And it's brand new. And it's the greatest thing. since sliced bread. What I like is that we built a program that has multiple facets to it. And we bring more people into the program, and we're able to elevate people in success. I believe that that's the greatest model of mentoring and coaching is being able to find the people that have problems, solve problems for those people and produce real results. The best mentors and coaches produce results. You know, I look at my favorite football team, the Kansas City Chiefs. Coach Andy Reid produces results, he gets wins for the team.

[420:18] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Are you producing results

[420:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: for your clients? Well, you might say, well, I don't have any clients, that's a great place to be. You might say, Well, that's easy for you to say, because you're you got clients, it's a great place to be because you can go in whatever direction you want. You're not tied into one topic or idea. You're not tied into like one thing that you're doing, like for me today to pivot from what I do to something completely different, would not be smart, or wise. If you have zero clients, there's zero risk for you to pivot in a different direction. For you to go in a direction that's going to be more profitable for you. The only risk is really your own internal dialogue, and maybe a few people laughing at you, and possibly the embarrassment of feeling like you gave up on a certain dream that you have, I'm telling you this, some people need to just put a pause on some of their dreams that have not worked out for three to five years, you know, and pivot in a direction of a dream that they have that can work out more, I found myself doing this often I had like 50 to 100 different dreams that I wanted to do. You know, I want to create video games and comic books and movies and TV shows. But sometimes I gotta put a pause on that and do the thing that's most profitable for me, which is growing a business to generate seven figures that's impacting people's lives, that's creating results for clients that I truly feel like, this is a calling for me at this point, when I meet with you guys on the CGA calls, I know that I'm called to do this, I know that I'm called to help every single one of you make six and seven figures in your mentorship business, and I'm willing to do whatever it takes to do so. That's why I give you have so much access to me in our in our program. That's why I answer every single question that's posted in the Facebook group. Have y'all been here every year? I might take me a couple of days to get back to you. But you've noticed those yeld have been here every year I answer every single question that's posted in that Facebook group. Not every coach or mentor does that they don't provide that level of access. I feel in this season in my in my in my life, that that's the very best way that I can contribute to humanity as the very best way that I can fulfill my calling and why is that if I can help you impact 100 people's lives. I've indirectly helped impact and make 100 people's lives better. So for me, that's, that's very fulfilling for me to produce results and to help you change your financial situation. But to do that, we might have to take stock of okay, what's working, what's not working, and pivot in the direction that's most profitable? I think that one of the biggest mistakes that we make is we get too attached to the vision that we have and the desire to impact people and we avoid what's actually gonna make us money. You know, I talk about that on some of my free events and I get misinterpreted by some people I've I've had nasty messages written to me for this where I say, I truly believe sales and marketing is the supreme priority in your business until it's making $10 million comes before anything else you do. Getting new people to buy your stuff is the most important thing. Fulfilling client expectations come secondary to getting new clients. And I find that that is something that is misunderstood. I don't mean not fulfilling client expectations. Again, we fulfill client expectations it at an extremely high level in our program, and yet sales and marketing and getting new clients is still my top number one priority, pivoting in the most profitable direction. You know, I, I'm willing to take a risk to see is this campaign going to work? I'm okay with it bombing? You know, we, I think we had three webinars that did absolutely terrible in the last three, three months. Why is that because I went in the direction different than what was actually working. And now I'm back to doing what's actually working way better, which is really cool. Because I was testing to see, can I go in this direction and pull more market share by testing this idea. And I proved, probably not the best idea. reserve that for our paid program, you know, teaching people how to sell teaching people how to host their webinars, I'm gonna, I'm not going to talk about that as much in my free content anymore. I'm going to focus on starting a business, I'm going to focus on getting people to the place where they have the belief that they can actually create a six figure income, because why? Because that's what's really brings in clients into our program

[495:15] Speaker 0: right here. And so in that, oh, my

[496:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: gosh, this is this is the internal dialogue that I have in my head. All right, check this out. If I don't create free content that teaches people how to run successful webinars,

[499:33] Coach Cyndi Sanders: hmm. I am not helping

[500:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: people that could use my help. And my message, I am neglecting a whole segment of the market that could benefit from my training. Well, no, I'm not. I'm just requiring that they pay me and I made a boundary now around that. So I'm actually providing that training to people about how to host great webinars, how to reach people how to create incredible content, how to impact people? Well, that's what the accelerator is for. But I'm focusing in on what is most effective and most profitable in our business. Here's how I did that was a really fun experiment that I did. And I did this with, with my mom, I did this with Rick, it was a really it's a really fun thing that you that you get to when you've when you've trialed, you know, offers for a year straight as you take a look at which offers produced the most sales, and which offers produce continual sales where people stayed for the long term. So I can identify now, exactly which offers actually are the most profitable for my business data that I didn't have 10 months ago, which is really cool. And so with that, we're able to scale even more I'm like, so excited this webinar, I'm doing the Saturday, it was a topic that I did two years ago. That's almost freaky. It's like a whole deja vu freaky thing to me, because it's actually the exact same topic that I started my very first webinar with two years ago. But I'm way better at selling to that audience today than I was two years ago. The whole topic of creating a digital course. And so what we got to look at is less than the idea of creating digital courses isn't super exciting to me. Honestly, I don't think people should create digital courses. I think they should create coaching programs. I don't think it's profitable to spend your time just making a course, I think you should create a course plus coaching together. I think courses are valuable, but only when they include coaching. That's going to be part of what I'm going to influence and persuade people to believe during my webinar. That's one of the beliefs that I'm going to break down during the webinar. But it's not really my favorite thing to just teach people flat out how to create courses, yet it's one of the number one hooks that I get asked for from people. It's one of the number one things if I look at all the data from the last year, I get asked for it from people. And it's also one of the most profitable things for my business. And so pivoting in the direction of what is most profitable is important to do when I started this business.

[546:05] Coach Cyndi Sanders: I started with two things. Does anybody remember what those two things are?

[548:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Five years ago when I started this business, I've talked about it quite a few times. Does anybody remember what those two things are?

[553:23] Coach Cyndi Sanders: website building and Facebook ads and this was for all business owners, network marketers, e commerce real estate, a brick and mortar coaches mentors, author like If anybody has something to sell, period, me showing them how to get on the internet very quickly with Squarespace and then run effective Facebook ads. I mean, I'm still

[564:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: passionate about that. I believe that this is actually the direction that I'm gonna pivot towards in the next five years long term, more in that direction, expanding my audience. But we have to get specific before we expand. And this is what I found that the most effective mentors and coaches do is they start really broad, and then they find a sub niche of that group of people. So I'm talking like everybody, like, think, from Apple Computer to, you know, the barbecue joint, on the street corner, to the church down the road, to the coach, to the doctor's office, to the

[576:56] Coach Cyndi Sanders: dentist. That's who I wanted to reach.

[577:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do have passion for that. Absolutely. 100%. I am passionate for both of those things. I believe that anybody can make money on the internet. But here's the thing. That was way too generic to be profitable for me. And so I did. I'm going through my journey with you right now, to show how I got here. And why I feel so competent sharing this with you.

[584:50] Coach Cyndi Sanders: I did 400 discovery calls. As anybody

[587:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: on here. Did I do a discovery call with any of y'all that are on here? Today? I think I might have done one with Dana.

[590:04] Coach Cyndi Sanders: I do one with your Dana. I don't know.

[591:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: There might have been one or two of y'all that are here that I did a discovery call with a long time ago. Somebody says yep. Yeah. I think like one or two of y'all, I did a discovery call. But I did 400 discovery calls. For the topic of literally the widest range possible website building and Facebook ads. You want to get on the internet, you want to run ads, book a call with me, I'm going to show you how to make success. That was my, my hope. Oh, basically, I was the horror on the street corner saying use me and abuse me as much as you can. That's literally what I was doing. No, I'm serious, because that's how bad it was. 400 discovery calls know like, it sounds really brash and kind of dirty, but it's true. That's what I was doing. Because I was trying to find validation from this. And I was even trying to like I was just like, I got all this information, just use me for once. And and it was actually really hard to get people to book discovery calls. You'd be surprised how, here's why. Because everybody thought I was going to sell them on these calls. I didn't use them as sales pitches. I use them as market research. My goal was never to sell you on a discovery call. But nobody believed that. I would say that. Now you say you got 400 I wanted to have like 4000 discovery calls if I could have. But those 400 were really cool. They were really valuable. They were they were a fun experience. But what I found out of this there was there was about 60 to 70 of those people ended up either buying a course or me becoming a one on one coaching client. A couple of people have a really, really good value. Oh, yeah.

[622:21] Coach Cyndi Sanders: What's your name? Right, blinking. The lady in the UK that I know.

[625:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh my gosh, why am I blanking her name? Dorothy. Dorothy. That's it. Dorothy is the one that I did the discovery call with. And we did a one on one coaching session. Yeah, see? Yeah. I think that's who iPhone 07 fight. Yeah. Is Dorothy. So anyways, so that was like one of those discovery calls. But what I found is she says, Yep, that's me exactly. What I found was of the people that because I wasn't using them to sell people. But if I had if I really felt like it was a good fit for them to buy my course or to book a coaching session, I would tell them that and I would say hey, I think it would be a good fit, but like 80% of them, I wouldn't even sell them but I just use it to kind of listen to people. Okay. And so

[638:39] Coach Cyndi Sanders: with this. Here's what I found. These 60

[639:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: to 70 People, they only fit into one category. It's crazy. coaches, mentors, trainers, thought leaders, authors,

[642:37] Coach Cyndi Sanders: or people hosting events of some kind. And so I did,

[644:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, I wasted my time, I realized by trying to reach all these people for website building and all of this, what was actually going to make me money was coaches, trainers, mentors, thought leaders. And the reason why is I sat down and I had one of those aha moments where I was just like, why didn't I think of that sooner?

[649:38] Coach Cyndi Sanders: As I looked at my career, for 20 years prior to that,

[651:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Danny Johnson, my mom, Rick Pino, those are really the only business models I had ever worked with was coaches, trainers, mentors, thought leaders and authors. So I'm like, Okay, this makes sense. Because it's like, my experience matches this, the people who are actually trusting me fall into that category. This is where I'm gonna pivot, I'm gonna completely stop trying to Market website building and Facebook ads just by itself, and I'm gonna focus on who is the subgroup of those people that is most likely to buy from me, that's coming to me asking for help, that's actually engaging with me, that's going beyond just an initial call. Because here's the thing, I could get a lot of people on an initial call. But that second and third interaction is where the value comes from. That fifth interaction, that 10th interaction, how many of you can think of somebody in your life that you have an even relationship between you spent like 10 meetings with them, you have met with them at least 10 times. You know, think of it as even in dating, we get to know somebody more, we get to know them more, the longer we get to know somebody, they trust us more. And so what we want to focus in on is Who are those people that are that are consistently showing up,

[674:00] Coach Cyndi Sanders: to listen to us. And then,

[675:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: of those people, the by the way, those who consistently show up with us, are the most likely that we can sell to,

[677:16] Coach Cyndi Sanders: for our coaching and mentor that could buy from us, then of those people,

[679:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: if we're marketing to them, and you go from complete stranger

[680:16] Coach Cyndi Sanders: to sale,

[681:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: what is a topic that that they all have in common that they want to learn from you?

[683:02] Coach Cyndi Sanders: And what is that hook that they came from? That resonated with them? See, here's the thing.

[687:58] Coach Cyndi Sanders: By doing

[688:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: this, you're going to have to take some of your ideas that you have, and set them aside. You're gonna have to take some of the things and dreams that you have and passions that you have, and set them aside temporarily, when they talk about and I used to hate this statement, financial success always follows sacrifices.

[694:34] Coach Cyndi Sanders: And I would be like, Well, I don't really want to

[695:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: sacrifice anything. You know, I've never I actually used to, like say this, I've never sacrificed anything in my life to reach my goals. Well, it kind of showed is why I was struggling to do this. So I had this that one of the first sacrifices I had to make in my business was the 80% of the market that was coming to me that I had to stop interacting with that I had to stop engaging with and I had to pivot the direction of the topic of my of my mentorship, of my training, have my courses and focus in on the ones that are most likely to purchase. By the way, this is not to be rich people. There's a lot of people that don't have a lot of money that still buy the newest iPhone.

[707:58] Coach Cyndi Sanders: When you understand that they come up with the 30 to $50 a month somehow. Well, we understand that

[710:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: realize, like you don't need to market to just people that have a ton of money. It's the willingness to invest the money they have to solve what you're doing. That's what it is. So like you don't have to focus in on the wealthiest of wealthy people. You really want to fit into one of two categories. Either you market a small amount of programs to really wealthy people at a very high

[717:24] Coach Cyndi Sanders: cost. Or you market a lower cost

[718:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: program to a lot of people that don't have a ton of money at a low cost, there's really not an in between place in there. You're either marketing to a lot of people at a lower cost or very few people at a higher cost. We can see this evident in so many industries and markets, whether it be cell phones, automobiles. Right there, you said that look how the makeup, exactly I was just watching a commercial yesterday,

[728:51] Coach Cyndi Sanders: we repair your hair better than the $50 product.

[730:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, so Pantene his goal is to market themselves to a lot of people at a cheaper cost. This is just marketing 101, right here, you either market to a lot of people at a low cost you but you still got to sell to them, you still gotta get the new exchange money, you got to find how much money is are people willing to exchange at scale. Now I believe at the lowest cost, you should do at least $500

[737:55] Coach Cyndi Sanders: and offer a payment plan the right people

[739:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: for you. Because if people are not willing to invest $500, into getting a solution solved and you helping them with that, then they're not a good fit for what you have to offer. They're really not at all. So now what your job is, is to find as many people who are willing to invest $500 or 1000, or $2,000, and figure out what topic

[745:53] Coach Cyndi Sanders: fits into that.

[747:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: That gets the most amount of people that people are most likely to become your customer with. And so what that might mean is okay, you launched an offer, you launched a campaign. It fell flat through Facebook ads, that's great data, that tells us we need to pivot a little bit to the left a little bit to the right, a little bit up a little bit down in the direction of what is more profitable.

[754:55] Coach Cyndi Sanders: What does that mean more profitable? Well, it's really about where they are on their customer journey, and who the person is. And so we can take a look at

[758:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: how specific is our marketing and our sales copy and language at actually

[760:07] Coach Cyndi Sanders: reaching the people that we're wanting to reach?

[761:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: out, you have to first start with the language, how specific is it at the people that you're looking to reach. And as you start to learn more about your target client, the better you're going to get with, like, for instance, I have found I feel like I've carved an interesting niche

[766:40] Coach Cyndi Sanders: out of coaches and mentors who

[768:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a lot of great information to give to people. They almost have too many ideas. And they they have a little bit of impostor syndrome. And they're a recovering perfectionist. I feel like like that describes a lot of the people who come into our mentorship program. But but by breaking past the imposter syndrome by letting go of the perfectionism, by learning to take risks by being willing to make decisions. By not letting FOMO and fear run our life, I know that I can help those people become way more profitable, and then align their Facebook ads better and reach better clients and learn to become better communicators. I think the number one thing is I think a lot of the people that we reach there, they have great information. But most of them might not be the best at sales. Or if you are good at sales, maybe you're struggling to at least. And I think this applies to everybody that we reach to to get people in front of you to sell to how do you get the right people in front of you to sell them bing, bing bing, that becomes really the type of people that I want in the accelerator is coaches, trainers and mentors that are struggling to get the right people in front of them that they can sell to. And they might struggle with these different aspects. By the way, you don't have to struggle with those aspects. You don't have to struggle with a lack of confidence. I would wish and desire every single person here to have an extremely high level of self esteem and self confidence. I will have the biggest and greatest impact on your business. I can tell you this lack of self esteem and self confidence is one of the greatest things that will stop you from making money in your business. And so like like that means almost like I believe in myself so much that even if there's no evidence I believe in myself. Even if I don't have a track record, I believe in myself that level of confidence.

[800:28] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Okay, because I know that I started there.

[801:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know that every coach that I know that has been successful taps into that, where they actually embrace their imposter syndrome. And they walk with confidence in the thing that they also simultaneously feel like a little bit of an impostor. And there's a there's, there's, there's a real, I'm really starting to, like study that. As like, what are the outliers and indicators of people that are most financially successful as coaches and mentors.

[808:27] Coach Cyndi Sanders: They're pushing the envelope of what they feel confident in. And that's where

[811:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: they increase their value, they're stepping into pushing the envelope of selling to people, what they feel confident. Now, here's what ends up happening by doing that, do that for a year straight, and I promise you, you will feel very confident in it.

[815:20] Speaker 0: A year ago,

[815:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: full transparency, some of y'all join my coaching program a year ago here.

[817:13] Coach Cyndi Sanders: I didn't feel super confident in my ability to run this program a year ago, didn't have sleepless nights, because of it. But I knew that by sticking with it, by doing the thing that made me sick to my stomach, challenged me every single day

[823:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: that I could make this business successful. And now today, I have such a ridiculous level of confidence and belief in myself and our business, and my ability to help people and my ability to bring transformation to people.

[827:33] Coach Cyndi Sanders: That there is nothing that will make me doubt that.

[828:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what you want to get to is you want to get to a place where nothing has the power or ability to get you to doubt in yourself. I think every single person can get their lesson, I think that you'll always feel a little sense of self doubt it'll come in, but how do you handle it when it comes in? That's what makes us powerful. You know, the

[834:13] Coach Cyndi Sanders: other day, I was telling my wife, I said, Actually,

[835:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's a great example of it, I forgot to I forgot to record session number six of our training. Immediately after that session, I went into some pretty deep pain that I had to work through before the next session. I told my wife I said, you know, honestly, if I could just break through this faster, and I didn't feel so devastated. Every time I make mistakes. I feel like it'd be more effective for my clients. And my wife so powerfully said, here's the thing, I don't think that that you're going to fully, like just overnight, that's going to happen because of the trauma you experienced. And as full transparency. The reason why is you know, years ago, I'm working with Danny Johnson working with my mom. The smallest mistakes were blown up a mountain out of a molehill. And I was verbally ripped into multiple times. And and what I love is like to this day, like my mom has actually changed to where she doesn't do that as leader. She's She doesn't rip into people that way. But years ago, she didn't. That was how she led her teams. You know, she she led she talks about this, she led her companies by white knuckling it. And what happens when you white knuckle it? Well, you're gonna have a little bit of carnage in the wake. And, and it was it was hard. Honestly, it was very hard to work for my mom. Because listen, she was the hardest on me because I was her her son, that she was other employees that were not related to her. And so like, I had to work with my therapist through what I call mommy trauma, through a lot of that now today, her and I both laugh about this, talk about it, I feel confident that I can share that without it dishonouring her at all or making her look bad because of the growth that we've come through in that. But I can tell you because of that, I still step into that. And anytime I make a mistake in my business, I go into the self loathing self hate self punishment type cycle. used to take me out for days, I would be literally I couldn't think straight for days. Now. 30 minutes, I can ground myself I have tools to do that. It gets me out of the fight or flight state and I'm back on the horse I'm able to help people again, I'm able to be more powerful. I believe that every single person here you can step into that level of self belief, self confidence to where nothing that anybody says can can derail you that no situation that happens can derail you. I told my wife this. The most powerful thing that I can do my business is to not let anybody's opinion of me or any mistake that I make. Change my level of self belief and confidence

[878:52] Coach Cyndi Sanders: and how I show up.

[879:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do I need to clean up masses, of course, do I need to maybe apologize for mistakes that I make, of course,

[881:49] Speaker 0: that would make me a really

[882:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: crappy leader if I didn't. But the fear of making mistakes, we have to actually embrace the fact that making mistakes is part of the process of growth. And that instead of avoiding making mistakes, so often becoming okay with how we handle them, and strengthening our ability to handle our mistakes, breaking out of perfectionism, breaking out of needing everything to be perfect for us to feel confident, for us to feel safe for us to feel like we have worth and value

[890:40] Coach Cyndi Sanders: will take us to the next level. And so because

[891:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: and why does that matter? Because then you're able to show up

[893:07] Coach Cyndi Sanders: as a coach,

[893:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: as a mentor, as a trainer, what you're going through internally is not your clients problem. It's not. So if I feel a lack of competence, because I screwed up over here. I can't bring that into my coaching environment. Because my clients expect better of me. I did, they just you guys deserve the best version of me. And so in that, that best version of me shows up by me being confident and believing in myself, and not letting how I feel affect how I show up. Not letting feeling like trash. stop me from showing up in that way. And so one of the exercises that I do for this, this one, I'm just going to kind of end today's training is that I work on grounding myself. In a way I taught this in the third lesson of the five minute content creation course. It's called Andrew Huberman calls it no sleep deep rest and S D are. Have you ever heard him talk about an SDR? So an SDR is based on a basically a breathwork type of meditation practice. But it removes the kind of woowoo part of it, which is oh, it says what I liked about it, it's actually more very physiological than anything else. I do this consistently. Before I did today's training, I sat on my couch for 10 minutes and walked through this exercise. In between the session this is what broke me out of that, that self doubt and all of that, during the offer Launchpad. Anytime that I'm struggling to come up with ideas for my business, anytime that I'm struggling to know what topic is the most profitable, Eileen in way more to intuition and instinct than anything else. But when we're operating out of fear, worry, perfectionism fight or flight impostor syndrome. All of that becomes these like weeds that we have to kind of pick out in our brain. And one of the more effective ways that we can do this as instead of getting to the root of it, because listen, I believe getting to the root cause of what the issue is, and pulling it out is the most effective thing it is. But that can take you like six to 12 months. Okay. So there's a practice that I do every day, that while I might have a root issue that I'm still dealing with, I can break past it and not let it bother me. So like, think of it this way. me forgetting to record session number six, honestly, was probably one of the biggest blessings that we could think of I recapped, the session

[938:24] Coach Cyndi Sanders: in session seven, but it provided

[939:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: part of today's training, it provided a lot of training for the group members there. So honestly, all things work out for good, I believe when you can when you can see them that way. And it did actually work out for good in this that I'm able to bring this to you.

[943:34] Coach Cyndi Sanders: After that happened, I felt more self punishment, thoughts than I felt in months, it was very hard for me.

[947:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I knew that I still had two sessions of the offer launchpad to deliver. And I had to show up at a powerful level. So I don't have time to call my therapist and wait two weeks to get in and work through this and work through it for six months. And my wife and I would have conversations sometimes I'll be like, but I'm really getting triggered in this and I'm like I'm working on this. And she's like sometimes you're not going to have the time to work on it. Because we got to show up at a high level. And so the concept of breathing through our triggers, and re centering ourselves, emotionally, our neurotransmitters our fight or flight our anxiety, or as Andrew Huberman calls it the no sleep deep rest exercise So you can literally look it up right here. He has you look up an SDR, no sleep deep, deep rest. And it says is it just meditation? Essentially, it is a form of meditation, but it really is more about resetting your energy levels. Have you ever noticed that when you sleep for a day or two, what was bothering you two days ago, maybe no longer bothers you? You ever noticed after you have two glasses of wine and you go to sleep, and the next day, it doesn't bother you so much. You can do that in five to 10 minutes for yourself, instead of needing days in between the interaction. And so the way it starts is this Is that all I do is I basically sit in a chair, I actually walked you through if you want a recording of that, you'll be able to go through this here today. And you'll also be able to go through Lesson three of the five minute Content Creation Blueprint course. Because this is really my practice for coming up with hooks for my webinars. This is how I come up with a lot of what I talk about here in our group here. This is how I come up with a lot of creativity. I also play video games is another way that I do this reason why they've actually found video game playing sort of puts you in the same brainwave state as meditation. Because you're in another world, that's kind of what it is. So that's why I've had so much creativity when I'm playing video games, I still do that. But listen, playing video games 12 hours a week is not very productive. This is a way more productive practice that basically gets you in the same energy level as far as it is. So I sit in the chair. And and I learned how to do this from the headspace app. So headspace meditation was the was the company that that teaches this, they have an app, you can go grab a free download, they'll walk you through this, there is a little bit more woowoo than I like to just also my faith as as a Christian and Jesus, I don't really want to do any kind of new age practices myself. So what I found was this is kind of like a way to benefit from the energy reset without tapping into maybe that side of it. So what I do is I will take account of my surroundings, the room that I'm in, where are the walls in the room, what are the sounds that I can hear in the room, this is what I do to kind of reset my energy levels. This is what I did in between the session on Saturday, when I was feeling most triggered. This is something I would recommend you do when you're feeling really stressed about your Facebook ads, your copy, or your sales copy or your topics or ideas. I take account of the room that I'm in the walls, where are they at the sounds that I can hear. And I take five deep breaths in with my eyes open, just facing forward and you want to do this sitting in a chair, not laying down. Why? Because if you do it laying down, you will fall asleep. I do this before bed to fall asleep. Also, my wife is amazed. She's like Jeremiah can fall asleep in five minutes, because I'm literally doing this for five minutes. This is actually called the military method of falling asleep by the way. It's so funny. It has so many different names the no sleep deep breath meditation, military method for falling asleep. It's the same practice. And I'm like people need to learn this. You're like get to the practice already. I know I like building up to it. So I take account of like the walls in the room, the space around me the sounds that are here, my eyes are open five deep breaths in and out. Then I close my eyes and I just do normal breathing. with my eyes closed. I'm sitting in a chair. And I put my hand right here in between my chest and my belly. And I literally put even both hands here and I just breathe in and out.

[1022:24] Speaker 0: Just normal breaths.

[1023:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I focus though my attention mentally on my hands rising and falling with my chest. That's literally all that I'm thinking about is just my hands rising and falling in my chest.

[1029:19] Speaker 0: And then as

[1029:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I focus on that, I also focus on the pressure of my legs and arms and back on the chair that I'm sitting on. So the weight of my body in the chair and the rise and fall of my hands on my chest while I'm breathing in and out. So that's where I put like my mental focus is just on the like being very present. This is what we call getting present. I'm getting present to where I'm at right now. Not any thoughts that are going on inside my head and this is where the practice becomes really, really powerful. Is while you do this, you will start to get distracted. Today, you will start to think about things you'll start to literally, if you've ever wondered how to think about something that you've forgotten on your to do list, do this for 30 seconds, and you will remember something that you forgot to do during that day. Also, if that's what you need to do, it's a great tool to do that. But I, what I'll do is so the practice is called noting, so you know, the thoughts almost like you're standing at the edge of a highway, and a car is going by. So right here, oh, I forgot to pay my taxes today, you just let the thought go by instead of bunny trail, I'm gonna go pay my taxes. Now. You just let up there it is, there's a thought. And there it goes. And it's gone. And you just, you literally just mentally notate the thought going by. And your goal is to return back to the focus of the breath, and the weight on the chair that you're on. So here's what ends up happening as human beings,

[1055:54] Coach Cyndi Sanders: we end up

[1056:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: getting distracted, like, every 30 to 60 seconds, it's crazy. In the beginning, I used to really beat myself up over getting distracted. And I realized it's actually part of the process. It's actually like, that's how we're wired as humans. So like, sometimes I won't note the thought, because it'll be it'll literally take over my brain space. So I'm focusing in on the breath. I'm in the chair, I'm focusing on sitting in the chair, I'm noting the thoughts, but then the thought will pop in, where it just takes over what I'm thinking. And it's like, it's something maybe like, oh, I need to plan this webinar for my clients, because I'm thinking about all that. And so what's crazy is I, you'll end up literally like, in like a dreamlike state where you're forgetting about the fact that you were sitting here paying attention to your breath, and then the chair, realize that this is how your brain is wired, this is what's going to happen. And so then as soon as you become aware that this has happened, because that will then end up happening, you'll remember what you were originally doing. It by the way, there might be five minutes that you remember, you might not remember you were sitting here paying attention to your breath for five minutes, and you went off on a mental bunny trail solving all these problems inside your head. As soon as you become aware of it, no guilt, no shame, you actually just say, Okay, thank you for the awareness. Like you thank yourself, you think your brain for the awareness and you return back to the rise and fall of your breath and the chair, in your chest and sitting in the chair. And then you let that thought pass you by, you let it disappear. You don't need to grab on to it. Do this for like 30 minutes, and you will be the calmest you've probably ever been like, you will literally feel like you took something that just knocked you into like the calmest, most clear headed person that you've ever been. You will literally feel like you like took a drug of some kind. And all you're doing is you're just you're just calming your energy down naturally. By doing this, it's like, you know, some people, they smoke weed, this will literally get you like there naturally, and you won't have the negative effects of smoking. It's really crazy. So it's powerful, because it'll help you then your creativity will end up sparking, you'll have more ideas you'll be able to be you're not operating out of fight or flight trying to defend yourself trying to do this. Now, here's what ends up happening. Even 30 minutes after doing this practice, something could trigger you and you're right back where you were.

[1098:29] Coach Cyndi Sanders: That's what happens to me all the time. It does. And

[1099:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I listen, we don't always have 30 minutes to take to do this, the more often you do it, you can shrink it down from 30 minutes to like, five minutes, I can do the whole practice now in five minutes, and call myself down from fighter flight to just complete ease. The value of this is learning how to calm your energy down. Because you're going to be more creative, you're going to be more powerful, you're going to think of better sales, copy better Facebook ads and be more strategic. You'll be able to come up with intuitively and instinctually the best places to pivot your the topic of your business. And so just by learning how to do that, just the just the breathing exercise, sitting in a chair, feeling the rise and follow the breath. Letting the thoughts go by all that like okay, you get distracted by a thought it took you in you're sucked into thinking about this. You're overthinking it. Oh, I was supposed to be breathing. Okay, let it go by breathe and just continue to do that until you feel like I didn't notice a tangible difference when I do it enough to where like I can go from just like massively like panicked. To super like just feeling like I'm on top of the world. calm, happy, excited. And then I have a secondary Part of it once I feel that calmness, I start to set my intention with the breath on the most positive thoughts I can think of. So I start to see myself, millionaire mentor impacting people, this is where then I actually step into the affirmations out of the calm place. And this is where it gets really cool because I started to literally feel myself stepping into that identity of like, powerful calm on top of the world excited. And then that's where I go record my Facebook ads, that's where I go write my sales copy, because I'm coming from a place of feeling like I'm king of the world right now. And that's where I can deliver the best content, that's where I can deliver the best value. An hour later, I might not be there. That's humanity that's being a human, we ebb and flow in our energy. But this is a way to where instead of letting your energy control you, you can have a little bit more control over it. And you don't have to take any drugs, you don't have to drink alcohol. Again, I've smoked weed and drink alcohol to try to be more creative. I'll tell you, I'm way more creative doing this than any of those ever did. I haven't, I haven't drank alcohol in two years now. I haven't. I haven't smoked in probably six years. But it's it's a powerful practice. And it's really valuable. And I think it'll help a lot of you just learning to do that. And like just trying it out. Just try it out sometime during the week. See what happens to your thoughts. See what kind of creative spark comes in. Now you might not see the creativity right away. You might you might not feel anything different. You might just feel calm, you might just feel relaxed. The more often you do this, and you make calm and relaxed,

[1149:23] Coach Cyndi Sanders: a part of who you are. Because here's the thing,

[1150:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: calm and relaxed allows you to show up more powerfully, you might be like, wait a sec, powerful energy sounds high strung. high strung is more from insecurity and trauma and all of that, when I'm calm, I can show up as a very powerful, amplified leader that can that can deliver a very strong message that can project my voice in the right inflections. I'm way more strategic with how I communicate in those moments. And I think it'll have a great effect on you guys as well. So all right, I'm gonna take some questions here. This is going to be our our q&a time. I appreciate you guys being here for this. Dana, what's up, Dana? Hello.

[1161:46] Dana Hernandez: So I did my three day free last week. And I guess my my biggest question, we just started ads with Jonathan for the paid program

[1164:20] Speaker 0: is the ads

[1165:18] Dana Hernandez: for the free day did well the price point was like $3 and something per lead. I had 128 signups registrations the first day. I think it was all my numbers. I'm not sure whether written down, I left it for a four day self defense camp and got back late last night. So it's been nonstop. I think eight show that seven or eight on the first day. And then I think for you,

[1172:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: are you able to tell me this in percentages?

[1173:10] Speaker 0: I can do rough percentages. Yeah, cuz

[1173:45] Dana Hernandez: I have a calculator. Right?

[1174:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's helpful. It's helpful to know that, because otherwise, I got to do the math in my head while I'm doing it. And for some reason, math thing isn't working well right now.

[1177:05] Dana Hernandez: So if I do eight divided by one,

[1177:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I told you it's funny. I my mom and I are actually very different in that sense. I'm way more of the I think an artistic creative. She's a lot more of a numbers. analytical

[1180:43] Coach Cyndi Sanders: type. Gotcha. Yeah,

[1181:35] Dana Hernandez: I'm analytical too. So that makes sense. So 6% the first day, and so then roughly half and so then 3% 6% 3%. And then 1.5%, because it was basically half each day.

[1185:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. 3% of the registered people showed up on day three, yeah. How many watched your recorded?

[1187:28] Dana Hernandez: That's a good question. And I I don't know that number yet. And I need to actually figure out and that

[1189:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: was, that was a reason why I started using YouTube for the recordings because it tracks each of those views.

[1191:02] Dana Hernandez: Okay, I gave them a YouTube link as well. Okay, so people did comments on thank you for the replay. Yeah, I do need to figure out that data.

[1193:51] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Yeah. Okay. Um,

[1194:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think the show up rate is a little bit low. On that, I think, but I think the fact that it did show up, that you had that many people show up as a good sign that you're in the right direction with things. I think it's just pivoting a little bit more sweet. So only 3% showed up on the first day.

[1199:40] Dana Hernandez: 6% the first or stay 3% The second day. And then in 1.5,

[1201:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm trying to think of my numbers. I'll get about 20% to show up the first day. But then I'll get another like 30 to 40% watching the replay. Okay, close to like 60% of the registrants are actually doing something with it. So that shows a real alignment in the offer if you can get 20% showing up. 8% You said 8% Showing up the first day? Six,

[1207:51] Coach Cyndi Sanders: six, okay. That's not terrible. That's a great start.

[1209:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a great, that's something you can build upon. Now, what were your sales? Like?

[1210:44] Dana Hernandez: I don't know. Because they're running right now. The pay program would start October 31.

[1212:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. It is very, very common for you to lose that many people by day three.

[1213:36] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah,

[1213:57] Dana Hernandez: I remember you saying that.

[1214:43] Coach Cyndi Sanders: But the ones who stuck with you today, three, they love you. I guarantee it. They're your biggest fan? Well, one of

[1217:32] Dana Hernandez: them. That was me and one of them doesn't add them up on day three.

[1218:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so figure out a little bit about the one who doesn't know you as well. And like, you know, if you have a chance to have some q&a time, ask a question of even this person, what they, like, you know, got out of the event, what they really love that, like helps them kept them engaged. And feedback is there. That was something that I did a lot of in my early VIPs. I haven't as much now. But I remember my first VIPs. I said, Hey, was that session? Great? You guys get a lot out of it. I said, and I said, What was one of the number one things you got posted in the chat? And I would have them telling me that. And then that gave me data even more on like, what to put as a bullet point on the sales letter. Okay,

[1231:32] Speaker 0: I did that. Yeah.

[1232:10] Dana Hernandez: With that the entrance questions I took, because I saw you know, I took the like recurring themes, and strong and safe was a recurring interest, I took strong and safe and I put it on the paid page.

[1236:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good, good idea, some of that. Now, when you run your offer on your free offer, I think strong and safe becomes a real, a real hook that we're going to lead into. And that's really the does that because here's the thing, a woman who feels strong and safe.

[1240:15] Coach Cyndi Sanders: What does that turn into in her life?

[1241:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: The result that, that the desired outcome that they have, is really you're you're helping, you're creating a mechanism to

[1244:12] Speaker 0: create women

[1245:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: who feel strong and safe, or help them feel that way or empower them to feel whatever that is. Right. So right. So that's a big part of now. You want to tap into even as we think about

[1249:19] Speaker 2: then I'll reverse engineer this into a question. Just understanding that, as we start to Now, this might be a little bit of a like a like a dark path to go. But what are 20 reasons women might not feel strong and safe. And, you know, starting to dive into this when I'm in like individuals, like all individuals have unique experiences, sexual harassment, domestic violence, cultural norms, history of abuse and trauma, street harassment, gender pay gap media representing so this dives, this is diving deep into really what is the subconscious?

[1260:07] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Drivers. And finding from this list right here.

[1261:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: What some of the women that you're reaching, maybe have experienced? Yeah,

[1263:07] Dana Hernandez: I had a woman that didn't know me, she's, if I'm guessing she's probably in her 60s. She came on early with me and the recording of this is a

[1265:44] Speaker 0: huge one right here.

[1266:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a big reason why I think a lot of women are in our this program right here. You know, women and men, we don't want women that's not gender specific. Nobody wants to be dependent on somebody else financially. Right. That's a hook that I don't even use and so myself I probably should use is the idea of not having to rely on your friends family or federal government for how to

[1273:24] Coach Cyndi Sanders: it's funny, I've heard my mom say that a few times.

[1274:06] Dana Hernandez: That's what I just thought it's one that your mom uses a lot.

[1275:04] Speaker 0: I've actually never used that hook before. No, why?

[1277:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is how I come up with breakthrough for my sales copy is when I really feel something powerfully. And I'll get it through your sales letters. I'll get it through just play Enter on chat GBT. But the idea of economic dependence. That's a big one for my own business. But yeah, exactly. So So diving deeper into like wire, understanding their story, understanding where they're coming from. Mm hmm, really repeating that story back to them. So what you're, you're going deeper and beyond just now we have your methodology, the combat dance thing that you're doing, I don't know what it let's call

[1287:36] Dana Hernandez: that certain warrior flow,

[1288:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Warrior flow. It goes beyond just that's your method.

[1289:17] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Let's get deeper into what really is the driver behind it? Right?

[1290:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're gonna mark it from now. Okay, so that's why the next one you do, you're gonna get a lot more people showing up by even leading with this idea of feeling stronger and safer. Okay,

[1294:35] Dana Hernandez: okay, and not to not to be pessimistic, but I just, I just want to look at my having a, having a plan. If nobody purchases, do I do another three or five day like, like very soon, if I'm not in the sixth week, I would,

[1298:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would, I would change the topic, though, to this direction

[1299:51] Coach Cyndi Sanders: of the some of the sales copy.

[1300:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is where we optimize the sales copy to when you do another webinar or another three day, you're going to start to include some of that language that they've given you and some of the strong and safe language in there. Yes, yes. Okay, then that's what's gonna, because really, that's your driver, right there. And what you're gonna find is, here's, here's the other thing, oh, yes, this is great.

[1306:24] Coach Cyndi Sanders: So this is why you're, even

[1308:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: if your first webinar or two doesn't produce the sales you want, or three or even five, I mean, that's, here's what you end up doing, you end up learning more about your client than that you didn't know. So by having a mindset of being ever curious about what they're going through, you know, here's webinar number one, we take what we learned from that one, we apply it to the copy of number two, we take what we learned from that one, we apply it here. And so what ends up doing is we end up digging deeper into the layers of what is going to motivate the sale to come up. We're really digging deeper into those layers. Now, here's something else that I'll encourage you and Dana, as I would bet that if you dug deeper into your own story, you would also find a lot of that in there. Okay, and that can save you a lot of time, from having to just validate it with the audience that you have. Because Are you a high Fact Finder? Yes, yeah. So instead of having a valid, that's great, right? I knew that. This is, by the way, this is an example of me, I did that calming practice 20 minutes ago, I'm way more intuitive with who I'm coaching. When I do that. I'm a better, I'm able to really know like, where we're coming from the right way. So

[1328:59] Speaker 0: your own story

[1329:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: has a lot of parallels to the women that you're working with. And you can bring that into the sales copy. Now that makes you a little bit vulnerable to people possibly knowing things. Like, I'll tell you this sharing with people that honestly like my mom was not a healthy leader for years is risky for me. She for years, my mom asked me never tell people that and to honor her, I didn't. But now I feel like I can be vulnerable with those aspects. And I reserve it for like, I'm not gonna go put it on my social media yet. You know, Sandy Krakowski. Gosh, she was a real back when I worked for like, no. But like in an environment like this, we can frame it that way, the right way where it's relevant. So think about your own story and apply some of that into the and you'll find parallels that you have in your story and all that to what your clients are. And now that becomes when you launch to another three day event. You're including some

[1349:14] Coach Cyndi Sanders: of that in there.

[1349:43] Dana Hernandez: Okay, and even include some of my deeper story on the actual sales page for the next three days.

[1351:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the way you would do that is just in a simple sentence, you know, um,

[1352:59] Dana Hernandez: like as the daughter of an abusive alcoholic father, like something like that. There you go.

[1353:59] Speaker 2: Okay. I had to doubt it. I been through and that's why I'm so passionate about helping women just like you, okay, because I've been there. So you're showing that right there as far as totally okay. And that brings your ads cost down, which ultimately increases more sales. That's the whole goal behind it. doing this because it's going to make that's going to align with who is most a better fit for what you offer by doing that, so But whereas that data, you really validate that data by getting that feedback from people when you actually launch your offer, okay? Yep. So even if you get no sales, you have, how much did you spend on ads?

[1366:08] Dana Hernandez: I spent five, wait, five 500? Yeah, right, around five, a little under five, how

[1367:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: many VIPs? No, I didn't do

[1368:32] Speaker 2: a VIP. So it cost you $500 to gather data about your market to improve it. People invest 1000s of dollars on market research experts and consultants to give them data that's less valuable than what you got from this one campaign. That's the perspective that we have to have on all of our campaigns, is that really, it's an exercise in data gathering and getting more aligned with what's going to work the next time out? Okay, you know, companies, corporations, they, they hire a consultant to come in and do market research for them. And that costs 10s of 1000s of dollars, and you were able to do so for 500 bucks. So that's the perspective that I always see anytime a campaign didn't produce the results that I wanted. You know, I invested I think 2500 and do a webinar that didn't do well at all.

[1384:51] Speaker 0: Um,

[1385:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: but I saw that as Okay, great. That was a $2,500 investment in aligning my offer better. And I get that that might sound really expensive and hard for some some people. That's where we're in. We're in business to always we're either winning or learning.

[1391:37] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Yeah. Okay. All right. Thank you. All right. Dorothy, what's up, Dorothy?

[1396:03] Speaker 0: Hi, hello. Hi. Yeah,

[1397:16] Dorothy: it's actually I mean, there's so much I could sort of talk about in terms of what you've just been discussing, but it's like, there's time, there's but I'm just gonna focus on one very specific thing, which is to do with my dad since and that they've just had puppies. And it's to do with pricing, really. So basically, the puppies when I bought my accent, I bought it for 2000 pounds, English pounds. And that was during just after the pandemic. So it was very much that was all the thing, and it was quite happily, everyone was buying them at that price. And now it's a bit like the Wild West, the prices are all over the place. Yeah. And like, some people are trying to stick between 1005 Some are trying to go up to 2000. And there's quite a few people that have ended up dropping right down to 700. So it's like all over the place. And this is like the kind of pedigree Datsuns. So and the price isn't really being held in any one place. So I'm wondering where to put myself. So I've got pedigree Datsuns. But the the, the actual puppies are less short haired and long haired. So they're, they're sort of a mixture of long and short haired, which means they can't be registered as pedigree, but their parents are pedigree, so they're still fooled accent. But anyway, that's the sort of detail. So at the moment, I've got them at the top price at about 2200. And I'm advertising them on pets for homes, but I'll also do like a Facebook page and a YouTube channel and different things like that and get some chats going. But just really what your thoughts are because obviously this is the lead up to Christmas now, which is obviously good in terms of homing, you know, finding forever homes for the dogs. Yeah, so it's really how to approach that marketing process. You know, where to put myself in the price range. And then you know, obviously, the obvious thing is to try and stick with a good price before Christmas, and then maybe lower it afterwards. Because they're at this three weeks, three, what two, there's actually three letters, it's three sisters. So there's two are four weeks old, and then one letter that's three weeks old. So I've got a fair bit of time, but I realized that there is a window that you want to sell them within, before they get to a certain age, you know. So it's really how I approach this because it's such a fluctuating market is really all over the place. What,

[1445:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me ask you this What price feels right for you?

[1446:20] Dorothy: Yeah, I mean, I put them on it. 2002. And I'm thinking should I should I try?

[1448:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you don't want? Yeah, if you price something a certain way, and then you feel maybe it was a little bit more expensive. 5% off that price? Or 50%? I'm sorry. Yeah.

[1451:34] Dorothy: Yeah. So maybe like,

[1452:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to move inventory? Yeah. So

[1453:02] Dorothy: yeah. So like, maybe take it down to 1007 or something like that.

[1455:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Again, what we're what we're what's so interesting about what you're talking about, I was actually talking to my mom about this. Yesterday, is we were talking about livestock when we're talking about selling livestock. And I was like, you know, she teaches trading stocks. And I was like, Well, what trading stocks was livestock. Yeah, a lot of stock. The fluctuations in price as far as that goes, I guess, you haven't, like, you know, what your market prices on stuff like that? I would say a more well, or no well known brand charges a certain amount. But I think Joe, I would go more with your gut and intuition on this than anything else. Yeah,

[1466:35] Dorothy: yeah. Yeah. So yeah, just sort of feel it out. And

[1467:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: and what I always do is, I will, I'll go, Okay, what's the most that I want to charge for this? And then I'll back it off by like, 20 to 30%. And surge? Because then I know that I can sell it at that really? Well. Yeah, that's that's how I priced even like this program. And different things like that is, is what I really feel confident it's gonna sell for.

[1473:52] Dorothy: Hmm, yeah. So I think the more market research and yeah, yeah. So

[1475:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: at the end of the day, at the end of the day, you got to pick something and make a decision. And I think that that's, that's something powerful, you know, we're starting to talk about even more here in this group, as I think sometimes we as like, as people, we are hesitant to pull the trigger on certain decisions, we're hesitant to decide on something because something else could have been better, something else could have been worse, something like that. What sets apart successful people is their ability to make decisions quickly. And even if it's the wrong decision, they're okay with owning their decision. And I think that's something that's, you know, to where part of it is to is, it'll help you not feel so disappointed when things don't work out. Because you can decide just as quickly to pivot in another direction. So I think part of the thing that we ended up experiencing with disappointment, especially when our campaigns don't work, or things like that, is we it's called sunken cost fallacy, to where we've sunk so much cost of time and energy into something. And part of it could be mental cost, that we end up feeling like, Okay, if this doesn't work out, I'm so devastated. Whereas when we learn to make decisions quickly, and even borderline, it could feel flippantly. You know, to make decisions, that's actually a very healthy entrepreneur trait is, I'll tell you, entrepreneurs that are successful, that make decisions quickly, they're not making them necessarily because they have more information. Because oftentimes, they don't always have the information, they've just trained themselves to make decisions faster. And to get those those neurotransmitters in our brain thinking in that way. One of the biggest traits that I that I see that a lot of people fail at as they they mull over their decisions for way too long. Instead of just okay, I decided to do this, I'm gonna see what happens. And then quickly deciding to not do something as well in that direction is, is perfectly okay. And I would say that that's a trait that

[1509:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, I have developed over time that I am in, but I also love getting the facts on things, you know, but I also am very quick to make decisions. And I think, learning to be faster at making our decisions, or at least listen, if you need to gather more data, gather enough data, just realize that there's always going to be more data. And so it's a law of averages I was listening to one of my favorite biographies was the Walter Isaacson Elon Musk biography, I'm probably gonna listen to it again. And one thing that Elon says is that he doesn't ever deal in absolutes or like knowing something he only ever deals in probabilities. When making decisions for SpaceX and tech Tesla, what's the probability of this working out versus not working out. And if something is more probable of working out versus the other thing, he'll move into that direction. But he's like, I never feel a probability is ever 100 It's always between 20 and 80%. Like you're never and so operating within 20 to 80 versus zero to 100. Thinking is really is really healthy, you might only feel confident in something being 51% likely to work out. But at least now, we tried it out. And we can pivot in a different direction if we need to very quickly.

[1530:12] Dorothy: Yeah, yeah, I think the thing is to be sort of, to establish yourself online, it really does take time, you know, might not be an immediate thing. And really,

[1533:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the thing, it takes time. So you got to make decisions quickly, that actually shrink that time as much as you can. Yeah, because it takes time. Yeah, I like we don't have the time to mull so long over things. And that's a very nuanced lesson in the beginning, you're going to take longer than like somebody like myself, well, of course, it's fine. But set artificial constraints on maybe your decision making like, Okay, I'm gonna have the decision made by Saturday at noon. And after that, I have to have it made by them. And whatever, like, feels good on, I gotta pick one. Or, you know, I don't know, whatever you gotta like, for me, like, it's like, that doesn't have to be a punishment for what happens. So procrastination will still happen, but like training yourself to make decisions more quickly, and on time and shortening the length of time it takes to decide to change directions.

[1550:42] Dorothy: Yeah, yeah. Great. Yeah, no, I'm getting ready with another sort of launch. So I'm just thinking about that at the moment. Yeah. So I mean, it's gonna be over related. But I've also got my music, which is in the background. So you kind of was in this battle between my work with the yoga and also my work as a singer, songwriter? So

[1556:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely can integrate those two together for sure. Yeah, yeah. Music over everything that you're doing with the yoga, which is cool.

[1559:12] Dorothy: Cool. Yeah. Yeah. No, it'd be nice to think more about that. Yeah, definitely. So and I think just being able to come out with the launches more regularly, and that's really getting everything really tied down with the back end. And then what my approach is how to make it easy to be able to do the launch the pages, you know, and to be, yeah, sort of less precious about the page looking just so as you're, you know, and to really go okay, this is the this is the core idea. I'll just put it out. See what

[1567:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: less precious about it. Yes. Yeah. That's hugely going to get to make things work better for you. Overall. Yeah.

[1570:37] Dorothy: Yeah. So great. Yeah. Okay. Fantastic. Thanks.

[1572:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Hey, Cheryl, how are you?

[1573:37] Cheryl Phan: So you got me interested in your changing your message, as you, you know, started to grow and stuff. And I've been giving this a lot of thought about changing my message too. Because as you know, like I target women 50 Plus, who have a hobby one, or turn it into a business. And what I'm getting from a lot of people in my group is, you know, these are women like 55, up to even 80 years old, that are just taking some they love want to make money with it. And they're not necessarily wanting to, you know, make six figures a year or, you know, seven figures a year. But what they're hearing on Instagram all the time in mainly Instagram, is everybody seems to be a millionaire on that platform. I've never met so many millionaires in my entire life as Instagram, because they won't have to make this money claim. And they're only working like 10 hours a week. So I'm time trying to explain to them listen, if you want to make that kind of money, you're gonna have to put in more than 10 hours a week to start, like you talk. Yes, any point. For instance, she's been doing this 14 years, she's got a team of 25 people, maybe she only does work 10 hours a week. But she's got 25 people doing all this work for her. So if you

[1592:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: start on 10 hours a week, but it's going to take you longer to reach the goal of that.

[1593:16] Cheryl Phan: Yeah, so I tried to find some lists and run your own race. But I think I need to change my messaging and I'm not going to do the money claim thing. I've not made a million dollars probably in my lifetime. I happen not, you know, nests. But, you know, just reach out to the people who are just looking to supplement their income, maybe supplement their social security check. That's all they want. They just want to make some extra money so they can quit their day job maybe so that they don't have to take care Second year. So security,

[1600:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: that'll resonate really? Well, definitely.

[1601:13] Cheryl Phan: Yeah. And I know, it's not gonna bring in the high end, you know, you know, money from my courses and stuff. But I was thinking, if I had, even if I had 200 People in my coaching group at $47 a month, that's almost $10,000 A month income, right. So I think I'm just going to really kind of pivot and just change my whole messaging and just reach out to those women who are just looking to make a couple extra bucks. And now, you know, I'm not gonna be

[1607:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: great. And you might have that level there.

[1608:55] Coach Cyndi Sanders: And then you'll have like, even more,

[1610:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we're going to come out of that, because that's going to morph and evolve into something as well.

[1611:44] Cheryl Phan: If I can get him into the $47 a month thing that's very affordable for someone even living on Social Security, yeah, they come in there, and then they start making that extra money. And maybe at that point, then they can take my course, it's going to teach them how to make 10 extra revenue streams, that course is $2,000. Now they're making money. So I kind of moved them out of the $47 into the, the other one. The other thing I thought maybe I could take that course with has 10 different revenue streams in it, and just break them down into 10 different separate courses at like $197. And then they can just pick and choose you They pretty much it's like a Chinese buffet, you just pick what you want, or they

[1621:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: buy the bundle of all of them for one,

[1622:33] Cheryl Phan: and find the vital. So I think, I don't know, changing my messaging and just sometimes

[1623:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: having like a big buffet of courses and stuff, I will say confuses people if you're trying to sell them all separately, because people don't know which one to start with. And so it's gonna be easier to sell that as a bundle overall. I think that there's definitely something in what you're saying here, I wouldn't completely throw away the concept of earning money as a big part of the hook. Just you don't have to, like make some kind of a claim of somebody that you're not you want to be honest on that as to like what you've what you've done, but at the same time, that doesn't invalidate the value of your information. Because your information can still produce a high level income result for the person that works it that way. Right.

[1636:08] Cheryl Phan: You know, you're gonna be working more than 10 hours a week when you get started. If everyone only had to work 10 hours a week was making a million dollars, everybody would be doing it

[1638:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: to make a million dollars. Yeah.

[1639:06] Cheryl Phan: So you have to start out, you know, working you start out working 10 hours a week, you're not gonna make a million dollars. You're not

[1640:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, no, no, not right away, I still think people can start with five to 10 hours a week putting the pieces together, though,

[1642:42] Cheryl Phan: right and just kind of supplement your income once a supplementing. I only need to make an extra $1,000 a month. Yeah, that starts to compare. What I did in my, in my webinar is what I talked about, to kind of get them to understand, like I added affiliate marketing to my, my strategy. And with that money, I saved it. And I was actually able to pay for a cruise to Italy and Greece with that. Because somebody that might want to just say I just need money to go on a vacation, because they did on my income, then I just took all my affiliate money and I bought all my Christmas gifts.

[1653:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's where you can talk about, you know, I do this and that makes it makes me money while I'm doing other things,

[1654:38] Cheryl Phan: right? I call it my coffee money, but it's just extra money I just threw aside and I literally bought all my Christmas gifts with it, it was just money. So then they can kind of relate to that, you know, they say, Oh, now I can go buy Christmas gifts, I can save that money for that, or go on a vacation or pay off my credit card debt. So I'm kind of trying to talk to them, if they're where they're at at this point in their life, because they don't have the money if they're living on Social Security. They can't comprehend like, oh my god, I can't pay for $2,000 for quarter one,

[1662:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where that's where your pivot. You may think also about pivoting, you have a program for them. But you also have one for people that maybe they have retired with an income but they know that their income is going to be decreased when they retire. Right? And they want to they want to go back to that multi six figure that they lived off of, you know, but they do have expendable income to spend. You know, that'll that'll also that'll be more effective to sell to, it is more effective to sell the people who have more money to spend. You just got to find what the right hook is that really motivates them to purchase that. Good. I was you

[1673:13] Cheryl Phan: know, my whole thought was if I can get even if I got 200 People in my core and my monthly membership and $47 the more people I get in there, you know what I mean? Keep them in there. Yeah, if I had $47 Even if I had 500 people in there, you know making $23,000 a month.

[1678:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have found it's it's it's it's more difficult than it sounds I want to get 500 people into something, even at that price point, especially if it's a monthly recurring thing, because you're dealing with the commitment that people have. So one of the biggest things is tapping into understanding, leading people to make a commitment that's going to be really key to this. And when we can lead people effectively to make a commitment and, and to like to verbalize what their goals are, and to create that sort of expectation that you're going to deliver this result to them. We had talked about that even as well. During the offer Launchpad event, I had like a big aha moment, sharing with with Lisa, Lisa, Jeff's who's in the group. I was sharing with her that, you know, as a, as somebody who helps people, life coach, energy coach, business coach, where she teaches people to let go of expectations and things like that. And like that's a big part of our process. Those people that we're marketing to, they have expectations, and they want to be told, Hey, this is going to produce this for you, if you jump in. And I think that's another thing is to own as even like, maybe even if it's something that you haven't done yourself, that wasn't that I really had to own myself, as I knew that my information produces eight figure results. Even though my business I've never I've never Jeremiah Krakowski made eight figures to my bank account, I still put on my webinars that I'm an eight figure coaching business builder, because I have done that with others. But I know the information can produce that as well.

[1705:29] Cheryl Phan: I know Yeah. And I tell him, you can make six and seven figures, it really depends on what you want to put into your business. It's all what you put out, get out, right? The other thing I thought about, okay, so they could $47 month come and go, or they could sign up for the annual. Right, if they say I signed up annually, then what I would do is let them have half off one of my courses. So instead of coming down on the price of my course, if you if you buy the annual membership, you can get half off my my course my roadmap to revenue quarters is

[1713:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: all great stuff to just test out, see how people respond, see what happens. And then you'll you'll know what to do from there. But these are all great ideas to try out for sure. Yeah. Awesome. Thanks. I would definitely try them out. If you're especially if you're having these ideas. I mean, this shows you right away like you're you you're you think in the way that as a successful entrepreneur will think you're I think your ideas are really good. And so start trusting those ideas more to start trusting that you have really good ideas.

[1722:56] Cheryl Phan: All right. Give them a try. I gotta jump off docks, they're going to be at a two o'clock appointment. Thanks. Hey, Cassandra,

[1724:37] Speaker 0: how are you?

[1726:33] Speaker 0: Sorry.

[1727:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: We okay. Yes, I can hear you.

[1728:16] Speaker 6: Okay. Yeah, this has been really good. I mean, you have brought up so many points that were that they're going to help me redirect some of the things that I need to talk about with my story, because I had been a fight or flight person for a long time. And it's mostly bright, not bright. Yeah, I'm a Christian. And I want to show love to everyone. And I will usually go into deep depression. So just to hear you validate how you overcome that. And what you've done is really,

[1737:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: to show love. Everyone's amazing. So right here, I want to show love, everyone's amazing. I think that's great. But what does that look like? That doesn't always look like how we've been taught.

[1741:05] Speaker 6: Yes, yes. And which made me a lot of times go in a corner and cry out to God because I would not understand all of the, the hatred, sometimes there was come from people not understanding they had their own issues that they had to deal with. Yeah. So anyway, this has just been really helpful. I did have a question, but I felt like it was answered something someone else said. So I'm gonna go ahead and work on what I need to work on. So thank you. All

[1749:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. Thanks. Awesome. Edna, what's up? How are you? Hi,

[1751:05] Edna Harding: one second. I'm just trying to get my video up. Can you guys see me Okay, awesome. Hey, yeah, so I have

[1752:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: our mom over here. What? Rockstar Mama?

[1753:50] Edna Harding: Oh my gosh. I wish

[1754:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, you are a man here and just some of your story. I was like, wow, she's like, I think more people need to hear your story what you've been through and what you just do every day. You're How many kids do you have?

[1758:49] Edna Harding: I have two kids, but they're four and two. So they're Yeah, no warning. So

[1761:06] Speaker 0: yeah,

[1761:27] Edna Harding: no, no, I appreciate it so much. So I spoke with Jonathan this morning. And so crazy thing is I have signups for. But they're not through Facebook ads. And I have no idea how they found me because I haven't promoted my event on any other platform.

[1767:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, they might have been from the Facebook ads, too. Did you have Jonathan test out that the ads pixel is firing? Did she

[1768:50] Edna Harding: says she did? And no. She said, That's not from Facebook. I'm like, Well, where did it come from? The only thing that I have is like, I haven't on my website, and I have spoken at a an interview. I think I told you this a while. So they

[1772:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably still came through Facebook, but Facebook didn't track them. So that also happens.

[1773:24] Edna Harding: Oh, no, I turned off my thing. My campaign. I don't know if she'd leave it on more i because what I was going to do was, I was going to email these attendees, like dropping on chat GPT and ask them, How did they find out about it? Yeah. And kind of let me know is it through? Like, where's it word of mouth? Whatever it is. I don't know how it'd be word of mouth, because I haven't promoted except the one one interview that I had. That was the only time I had good. So, I mean, do you think it's worse? Keeping the campaign on because I turned it off for today? Because I remember you said if there was no signups through Facebook to turn it off. But yeah, there was for signups and they, you know how like, when they watch for my email platform, it's when they sign up, they get an email,

[1787:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: turning it back on for two more days and see if people register.

[1788:45] Speaker 0: Oh, really?

[1789:17] Edna Harding: Okay. And you tell Jonathan, no hope for how that's

[1790:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. So I see this, make sure that it's this pixel as well. Oh, let me see. Let me do Oh, wait, let me let me share my screen. Okay. So right here, I have the meta pixel helper, make sure that it's this pixel is the one that's in your ads.

[1794:12] Edna Harding: Okay, on me do a screen where to go? Oh, that one. Oh, gosh, I kept this I just like in my face. Okay. That's okay. I'll do the replay. Okay.

[1796:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me let me post it in the chat for you just the number. That's the pixel ID. Now. Okay, I'm gonna go here.

[1800:18] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Now, you got four registrations.

[1801:09] Edna Harding: Six total, actually,

[1801:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: your pixel didn't fire a lead.

[1802:30] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Oh, ha, ha, that's okay. So it's not it's not firing?

[1804:18] Edna Harding: How do I do that? Okay,

[1804:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's, that's another part of the reason why you just ran into

[1806:06] Coach Cyndi Sanders: this is why this is struggling. So this this lit, this is not firing your pixel. So how do I

[1808:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: fire a lead on this page?

[1809:52] Speaker 0: Ask

[1810:30] Edna Harding: or is it me or Jonathan needs to fix that?

[1811:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Either or, or both? It could Are you on WordPress? Yes. And she said she was having trouble with WordPress.

[1813:20] Edna Harding: Yeah, that was a thing. She said she's not really familiar with WordPress. But she said it should be working because she tested it. So I was

[1815:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. Can I just give you some code to put on this page?

[1816:53] Edna Harding: Okay, let me know together we are going to elevate your journey from PowerPoint to divine

[1819:33] Speaker 0: generate leads

[1819:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: for Facebook ads. By the way, Chad GPT is pretty good at

[1820:55] Speaker 0: doing this now.

[1821:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's like, instead of trying to come up like to come up with it, Chad GBT can kind of generate it for you.

[1823:24] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Oh, which is cool. I'm actually generate

[1824:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: lead code for Facebook ads to put on a thank thank you page on WordPress. So why don't like WordPress because you'd have to, like, manually code it. Oh,

[1828:20] Edna Harding: maybe that's how she's like she didn't she wasn't really a big fan.

[1829:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then in your ads manager, you have to set up

[1830:30] Coach Cyndi Sanders: the pixel as well. With the with this button,

[1832:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want this button to actually fire the pixel.

[1833:12] Speaker 0: That button the green button.

[1833:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so you can set that up by going here with a setup events.

[1835:24] Coach Cyndi Sanders: And

[1835:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're doing it that way I would have so there's a chance that that's actually Why'd the set Yeah, I didn't even see the number change here. So normally, if the pixel fire the number will change quickly from two to three. So it looks like your pixel is not set up right it's actually issue.

[1839:46] Edna Harding: I gotta be Can you hear me? Okay? I'm excited that you're joining me on a second. This makes me a little bit happy.

[1842:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So FB Q track lead this goes on there, like a script tag.

[1844:07] Speaker 0: Oh God.

[1844:19] Edna Harding: So we put that in uh, I'm trying to take a photo. Yeah,

[1845:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do go over this in the Facebook ads training and the Facebook ads basics.

[1847:08] Edna Harding: Basics. I don't know which one I know I listen to. I think there's the newbies is the one

[1848:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, the new to the beginners one and then the basics. One is both of them are on setting up the pixel where I talk about, you might have to put some either some code or use the event setup thing. Just go back through that portion. And that's how you'll want to

[1852:16] Coach Cyndi Sanders: set it up. Oh, Lord. Okay. Sounds.

[1853:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you see what I just put in the chat there? Yeah. Yeah. Should be able to get away with if you can add a code block to the bottom of your page. Yes. Copy and paste that and do it. Yeah.

[1856:48] Edna Harding: At the bottom of the page of which VIP or

[1857:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: VIP page? Yeah, thank you page there. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so then that will at least make a lead fire on that as well. Do you have any of these photos on your landing page?

[1860:53] Edna Harding: No, I just I wanted to be

[1861:18] Speaker 0: really? Yeah.

[1862:06] Edna Harding: I wanted to be like one of them to do it. Because they, they I didn't want to like, what's that word? It's hard to explain. I want it to be like a surprise, you know, kind of thing. Maybe I shouldn't make it a surprise. No,

[1865:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you definitely, like need to take some of these photos of you leading and tapping. You know, I think that's great. I think that that's validating for you.

[1867:21] Edna Harding: Yeah, because Okay, yeah,

[1868:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think so I think it would benefit Doesn't it take

[1868:47] Edna Harding: away from the message though? No, it doesn't. Okay, because I'm trying to like get them to like, hone in send a message like, what the purpose of this and all that?

[1871:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I don't think so. I think especially the fact that you're because what you're showing is that you've spoken to these groups of people. Yeah. And honestly, you know, looks great. Like I would put it maybe somewhere right here where they're registering just put, you know, date and time and put the picture of you speaking right here.

[1876:06] Edna Harding: Just like one of them because it

[1876:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: just validates it kind of creates a nice visual.

[1877:46] Speaker 0: Okay, on that. Yeah.

[1878:19] Edna Harding: Okay, cool. Okay, so you said on your own if not reach out to John.

[1880:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cassandra, the replay for the five day event. You'll find that in the members area by going to members that Jeremiah krakowski.com And then logging in with your

[1882:35] Speaker 0: username and password there. All right.

[1884:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, Elizabeth, what's up? Here's this will be our last question. I did see what you had posted in the chat. I don't do much at all with SEO. For coaching business. It's just because I think for a lot of coaches, there's a lot of people that are at the top of SEO and things like that with SEO. As your friend, I'd love for you to listen, I have someone who does similar to what I do. And she did SEO, I'd love for her to get to talk about like what she did. Seo, by the way, is he hired someone

[1892:26] Elizabeth Welles: for a very expensive for several months. And now she she just I said how do you get clients? She said they just find me online.

[1894:18] Speaker 0: Okay, so I mean, she bet she

[1895:11] Elizabeth Welles: had very deep pockets to be able to hire someone.

[1895:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. It's very expensive to really get the SEO game working.

[1897:16] Elizabeth Welles: Yeah, yeah. No.

[1898:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it's your you have a much better chance using Facebook ads.

[1899:14] Elizabeth Welles: Yeah. All right, that right now I don't because of my situation. Let me go to some other questions. Thanks for

[1901:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: it again, without Facebook ads, you'll definitely want to be posting video content a couple of times a week on your social media.

[1903:00] Elizabeth Welles: Well, what I'm doing is I've have three kinds of distinct areas of questions. One is I've gone back to my YouTube channel, and I'm doing a several videos a week. And I'm very excited

[1905:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: to share that with the group. I want to check them out. Oh, yeah,

[1906:28] Elizabeth Welles: I could put my my Yeah, I'll put that in the group. I'll put that in the big.

[1907:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that there's so much benefit of like, because we have so many amazing people in here. Yeah, I feel like the group as a collective can grow even like learning from each other.

[1910:30] Elizabeth Welles: Yeah, I gotta say I was frustrated a little bit hearing about I want to get to my questions hearing about the Ns no sleep, whatever. I mean, it's classic meditation Vipassana, it's stuff I've been teaching for decades. And I'm like, well, he's a known neuroscientist. He had great marketing. It's like, like, you know, so let me go back to my questions. He wasn't very known two years ago, though. Yeah. But you come up with a good little marketing thing. And you got the, the, you know, like, what it's like what Jon Kabat Zinn did, he took the Buddhism out of mindfulness cuz it's all Buddhist philosophy, I

[1920:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: think I think can help people because I think they get blocked by it being Buddhist or new. Oh, yeah. Well, that's why he did it. Like, yeah. And just I'm just like saying for me like, I was a little bit just because of my faith background, a little bit cautious because of that. And now I'm like, There's nothing like that my faith doesn't have that's compatible with this at all. So

[1926:55] Elizabeth Welles: I've worked my work. I've worked with everybody from, you know, absolute atheists to fundamentalist so

[1928:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I grew up like fundamentalists, which is funny. So it's finding the language anymore. But yeah,

[1931:06] Elizabeth Welles: I mean, for me, it's listening to what how they want to be spoken to and finding their language and meeting them.

[1933:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's good sales copy right there is doing that. Yeah, I

[1934:04] Elizabeth Welles: know. Right. Exactly. Sales, copywriting, whatever. I had a couple of things that you said today that struck me. One was, you know, add private coaching. So I have an already existing course page that nobody finds. It's a beautiful course. And I'm thinking there's nothing about private coaching on it. And one, I'm like, huh, how would I add that in there? That's one. And then the next story. The next question is, so you know, people have been coming to me recently, to help them tell their stories. So a friend of mine called and I helped to write a speech, another one called who needs to do, he's going to be giving a speech in New York. So he's, I'm worked with him for an hour, and he's paying me. So I'm working with him now and writing a speech. And he had once said, You need to help people write their books and write their speeches. I

[1946:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: really was just thinking that Yeah,

[1946:50] Elizabeth Welles: the thing is, I don't have a blueprint. I mean, when I say to the to them, what did I do? It's not like, my methodology is me. It's not like I can take them through a course online. I literally sit down. And there's an extreme exploratory question asking him questions. I am typing their answers, I am writing it up. I am looking. It's it's so nitty gritty. And it's not specific to, oh, I'm gonna make this a course. So it's, and yet it's a gift to help people tell their stories, and be inspired. So that's, that's one thing. And the third question I have is about pricing, which I'll get I'll let you riff on these two. And then I'll ask you by pricing question. All

[1958:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. I'm a little bit more stuck on like, though, like the one thing that you just said, and then you'll have to remind me of the other thing that you had asked. Yeah, got my brain, like, my brain went into like this direction, where like, I kind of my wife hates it. I stopped listening.

[1963:03] Elizabeth Welles: Well, let's go with it. I got it. I got it. All right. No, I literally I write things down.

[1964:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: It does not work when it happens in our marriage, my marriage. So

[1966:10] Elizabeth Welles: track so many things at once, you know?

[1966:39] Speaker 0: Yeah. But

[1967:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you said like you, you don't have a framework or methodology for this, I think over time, and it might take you a couple of years, you could find pieces of it, that could become a framework. As you start to think about, okay, how do I get how do I get me from point A to point B, and then helping

[1972:39] Coach Cyndi Sanders: people get there?

[1973:24] Elizabeth Welles: I guess that's in my going to be in my YouTube videos quite a bit. A lot of it's through, you know, just expansive writing and then honing it down. And then specificity and exploration. So you know,

[1976:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: three years ago, I actually I had no framework for what we do here in the accelerator, I guess you could say there's, there's still like a rough framework in here. That's part of why the some of the things are getting a little bit more organized as we as we grow is because I'm even using the group as a way of developing a better framework. Yes, I started to talk about these things. And then I noticed, okay, I'm giving the same advice to like four people. Now, that became a framework right there. That advice became the framework. Mm hmm. And so that's one side of it. What was the other side of what you were saying though, and then let's start

[1988:18] Elizabeth Welles: talking about the telling the story and how to get the other one was the private coaching. You know how to add in the private coaching page. It's already in existence.

[1990:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you don't want to do private coaching. Do you want to do private coaching?

[1991:59] Elizabeth Welles: I don't think hey, they're paying me I'm okay, perfect.

[1992:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. Then then you definitely want to have some way for people to what you walk people through who you are, and keep this to like paragraph about what you walk people through a paragraph about who you are. And then say, let's have a call, like, let's have a conversation, book a call with me. Okay, and that's where you would do a discovery call only for private coaching. And then you could actually have have in there a questionnaire that says, Have you gone through any of my other coaching courses or YouTube channel before? And if they answer no to that, you can send them a follow up that says, Hey, before we have a conversation about private coaching, and before we book the call, I'd love for you to go through these pieces of content, just to kind of understand the process. And if it's a good fit for you. So that way, you're not even getting on a discovery call with somebody until they've gone through a little bit of content that prepares them for what your private coaching is. That's cool.

[2008:47] Elizabeth Welles: I think it's listen to a video of mine just get to know me a bit.

[2009:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: That, yes, so they give you their their name and email about working with you. Yeah, the next page is really sort of a mini videos VSL, for lack of a better word, a micro webinar, like 1510 to 20 minutes long, where you they get to know you and see if booking a call with you is a good fit. And right there is a really natural organic funnel, that that it applies all the little pieces of what we teach here in this program, to something that I think might be a good fit for you for your private coaching. What kind of video would that be? Well, so So again, so we have a page that you send people to if you want private coaching, fill out this, this, give me your name and email, let's book a call together. The next page says, Hey, listen, before I have you book a call, I want to make sure that this is valuable for your time and mine. And you talk about what you help people work through. Okay, you you talk about

[2026:15] Elizabeth Welles: examples of

[2026:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: examples. And you say, and so listen, if that sounds great to you, and you want to walk through that, and then you can end it with this. And listen, this isn't at the end of this call, I'm going to tell you about what working with me private coaching is. And this is where you can even give them the price right there. And you say and so what that cost is a cost XYZ ml, if you want to have this conversation with me, and just understand that the like the goal of this is for me to find private coaching clients, literally tell them that transparently. So now they know before they book a call with you that you're using this to sift for private coaching clients that way, now the expectation is framed, and it's not a surprise.

[2037:23] Elizabeth Welles: I like that. I much prefer transparency it makes Yeah, yeah,

[2038:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: this makes it and that's, that's what I'm saying. It's so authentically you. But I think it'll actually be really effective to actually give them the price right there on that next page, and kind of build up to the fact that hey, so if that all sounds still sounds good to you. After 1015 minutes of them listening to you go ahead and book a call. And then you have another button. That is the actual book of call with your page.

[2044:50] Elizabeth Welles: Oh my gosh, okay, that's the ticket putting this out. And then of course, finding a place on my already existing sales page for that.

[2046:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's kind of reverse engineering the webinar funnel. Yeah, thank you pages, just that sort of qualifying video and then that, and you tell them listen, if that's not, you know, here, go subscribe to my YouTube channel. Watch the videos with me for the next month. And I promise you, your life is going to be transformed. Right. Okay. So it's kinda you got one to two places to send them the YouTube channel or book a call with you. Right?

[2053:23] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Okay. Yeah. I think that'd be really cool.

[2054:43] Elizabeth Welles: Yeah. Okay. Thank you. So my last question quickly is pricing. So again, I've always struggled with for a long time. You know, I remember I don't know last year, someone called me and I just low bottom my price. And then she said, I can't do it. Then this year, I high and did my price, and then the person couldn't do it. And literally, the things that have worked best is when people just go, I'm coming. They don't even know a price. One guy gave a price to he ended up saying I'm giving you more than that. He gave me way more. The guy came yesterday or two days ago to work with me on his speech. I just use a friend. So I just said just come. But I knew he wanted to pay me. And he walked out. So what's your pay pal number? And I was very satisfied with what he gave me and he's coming next week. I mean, it's like this thing when I let people decide on their own. I'm like better off that. I literally that's how I set my prices many years ago because I had a price.

[2069:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's a good way to start and this is for sure.

[2070:32] Elizabeth Welles: And then Mark silver. I remember once over the heart a business guy. Really good cool guy at heart of business Mark silver. And you know, years ago I was listening to stuff and he advertised something and he said he large group of people he said hey, I don't know why but nobody signed up for it and people aren't signing up. Tell me what's going on with you. And then he said, Okay, I'm giving this at a name your price deal in he did this, you know, or hundreds of people came. And I was like, Well, that was interesting, too. Like I'm trying to find a way a form that works for me. You look at Part of business right now, huh? Yeah, definitely. It's got some cool stuff. There he comes from our perspective.

[2081:48] Coach Cyndi Sanders: No. Yeah. So I'm still working around,

[2083:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: it feels natural to you, I think is what it is.

[2083:55] Elizabeth Welles: Thank you. Okay.

[2084:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I actually, what's the name? Joshua Giles, he did the name your price thing himself. And that's worked really well for him and his wife. He said, it worked better for them than like charging a price as they now have people do a name your price. And so, and so I thought that was actually pretty cool.

[2089:44] Speaker 0: I like that. Oh, now,

[2090:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it also just depends on what your maybe your market responds to the most. And so that's even what you could talk about in the video, you say, you know, I don't do this for free. This is what I do for a living. And so it does cost but I've structured it in a way where it's flexible for everybody's budget. And the way that we do that is that you actually get to kind of go through it and sort of decide how much you want to pay at the end. And you could tell them that people be like, Whoa, it's so I think that's,

[2098:38] Elizabeth Welles: I could say within reason.

[2099:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you know, you say that you could say that or just leave it?

[2100:44] Elizabeth Welles: Well, you know, the other thing is, because I you know, so my last question is, so I named my price to this woman who wanted to work with me, and I really, she's one of those people. I really wish I jumped on because she said I need you. You know, and I didn't respond right away. I mean, I said, Okay, I'll see you in three days. And I think I almost want to go back there and say, you know, I'm restructuring some of my, you know, no, I'm just trying to find, say how to how to reach out to her saying I'm restructuring some things here.

[2108:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I wouldn't say that this was would be recommended for everybody. No, no, not more. I think the more

[2111:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, spiritual and stuff that you get, I think the better this works.

[2112:09] Elizabeth Welles: This woman was she's deep. Yeah. Yeah. This woman was Yeah.

[2113:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because it's kind of like it becomes like this sort of, really what it is, if we think about it as it's they're making sort of like a like a donation, at that point into, into working with you versus it being like a for charge thing. Now, you know, here's what I would say, as I'd say, you know, we really ask that everybody does pay, you know, this isn't a free thing for charity. But you get to pick your price. And I think just explaining it that way isn't

[2121:36] Elizabeth Welles: good. So good. What do you think it's better than a sliding scale?

[2122:43] Coach Cyndi Sanders: sliding scale is good, too. Yeah. sliding scale is good.

[2124:09] Speaker 2: I went my wife and actually worked with our doula here in Austin, when we gave birth to Halston. She had a sliding scale. And so we were glad to pay her top scale rate, because obviously, we earn way more than most of the people that she works with. And honestly, she was way too cheap at that level anyway. So I think a sliding scale is also a great way to do it, because then at least you're kind of framing what it is.

[2130:39] Elizabeth Welles: Well, then you've got a bottom up bottom line, do you think that's the last question is, how would I backtrack to go forward? That's kind of a funny word. But like, I'd really want to reach out to this woman who had a large network of people and what's going to work out? So

[2134:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a great question for chat. GPT.

[2135:27] Elizabeth Welles: I was thinking, you know, I was thinking about putting, like, you know, you've named a price, but you want to, like, go back to say something, but you want to say it in a business sort of way. Yeah. Not like, Oh, I'm gonna lower my price for you. But like, you know, yeah, he's putting in GPD.

[2139:27] Speaker 0: Let's see. Hey, Chad, GPT.

[2140:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: That didn't even spell it. Right. That's okay. So anyways, I went and

[2142:36] Coach Cyndi Sanders: marketed my

[2142:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: services to somebody in business. She has a large network, I named my price and she said no to it.

[2144:25] Coach Cyndi Sanders: And I want to go back

[2145:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: to her and say, Hey, I've restructured some things. You can name your price. Here's a sliding scale. Some ideas like that, can you craft me a message that I could send to this lady that would be powerful and confident as a business owner, yet still express this new offer?

[2151:14] Speaker 0: Cool, very cool.

[2152:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: For us, crafting a message that portrays competence and flexibility is essential. Let's spend some time reflecting on our previous conversation. I believe my services can bring the value I can bring your network understanding every partnerships unique I've actually restructured some things. I'm introducing a sliding scale model for greater flexibility. truly believe in the synergy we could create together once you ensure this investment aligns with your value. Now what is it that you're doing with her

[2160:35] Elizabeth Welles: I don't know what I was going to be doing with her. I know she was stuck in a creative conundrum and was using a great deal of deep meditation to work away. Perfect. Yeah, crossroads, she said she was, she was in a creative crossroads.

[2164:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I'm working with this woman, she's at a creative crossroads. And I'm using methodologies of deep meditation, but she was using them herself too. She is herself. Right, the above in the tone of voice that resonates with what

[2167:59] Coach Cyndi Sanders: we're actually doing. Cool. So it's not going to write it

[2169:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: a little bit differently based on the context and tone of voice and the nature of your work. I hope you find this message in a moment of peace and clarity. After our last conversation, I took some time to meditate reflect on the journey you're embarking on and the transformative power, recognizing that every soul's path is unique, and that true alignment is essential. I've re envisioned our collaboration. I don't know if that's how you want to word it, but Well, it's it gives me some ideas.

[2175:34] Elizabeth Welles: Yeah, you know, I don't know if I do the last, you know, I would just say just reach out personally, and how are you? I've been thinking about you. I mean, I was actually thinking of getting together with her for a cup of coffee. Somebody said don't do that. She knows a lot of people she's connected because she's like, you know, just to just to find out

[2180:07] Coach Cyndi Sanders: more. So we want

[2180:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: to reword this a little bit a little bit more casually, just to get to know her have a cup of coffee, meet back up again, type of a thing. And you read it from that perspective, but still keep the context above.

[2183:47] Speaker 0: Right, right.

[2184:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, let's see. This is how I have chat. GBT kind of come up with stuff. At our last chat. I took a moment to reflect it's clear to me our journey together

[2186:50] Speaker 0: especial that you could these are a

[2188:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: few ways of wording it you could use? I'm not sure I like this one very much. But no, I don't like that one

[2189:35] Elizabeth Welles: either. It doesn't like I'll play around with it. Maybe I'll post the idea in

[2191:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: forum and see what people think. Yeah. Awesome. All right. And that to me if you can, yeah, I will a little more casual, how you doing? Thinking about the last time and totally get everyone's journeys different. been mulling over wanting to introduce, you know, I believe it's something that we can co create together. You might pull like one or two of these sentences from this. How about we grab coffee? We'd love to hear your thoughts. I think we might be able to work something out, you know?

[2198:00] Elizabeth Welles: Yeah. Well, she's not looking for anything anymore. But I just want to kind of say to her, I'd like to reach out. Yeah, she's doing

[2199:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, I have gone back to people where it wasn't a good fit. And I said, Hey, I thought about what we talked about, this is actually an actual thing. I've told people that's worked. Right? I thought about what we talked about, and a would love to connect, even if it's just to connect but be I'm thinking of adding a few additional services that might be a better fit for what you're looking for. And so right open to hearing about those, we can talk about them. If not, at least we can hang out together. Right. You said that to people

[2207:58] Speaker 0: before and it's worked. Right. Right,

[2208:32] Elizabeth Welles: right. Yeah. I'm not really looking to tap her network. She had said to me, oh, I want to tell people about you. You know, so Jeremiah, thanks. This has been helpful. I'll post my Yeah, awesome. Yeah, yeah, I'll post mates.

[2212:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's really valuable. I think that I think that

[2213:25] Coach Cyndi Sanders: today's call you know, I'll

[2214:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: thanks for sharing the YouTube link as well create Yeah, I'll put

[2215:45] Elizabeth Welles: that in the the bigger group to some videos are going out about sorrow giving sorrow words and grief this week? Well, that I mean,

[2217:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a hard time all over the world right now with the wars that are going on and Oh, my

[2219:12] Elizabeth Welles: God. So yeah, yeah. I mean, it's a crazy, right. This is awesome. I

[2220:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: love this photo of you right there. Yes.

[2221:04] Elizabeth Welles: Yeah, it's a lot of except channel I'm trying to I'm doing going to be doing a lot more about my channel, I just want you to look, I don't know time. So like, I want to put what I know out there. So I'm going to be talking a lot about journaling, creativity, you know, grief.

[2224:55] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Very cool. That's very cool.

[2225:26] Elizabeth Welles: Yeah, that's fine.

[2225:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: You might take some of your most viewed videos and bring them in the transcripts in the chat GPT and see if he could come up with different offer ideas based off of some of your video transcripts.

[2228:32] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Really, how do you do that? Okay. So there's a few ways to do it.

[2229:55] Elizabeth Welles: This is a great fun. This is a story, but it's very fun.

[2231:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great speaker you really command the rooms attention. That's awesome.

[2232:13] Elizabeth Welles: Thank you.

[2232:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So show transcript is right here. Here's

[2232:55] Speaker 0: the transcript. I'm not even

[2233:29] Elizabeth Welles: seeing where you're doing here is this is this. You're in YouTube. Oh, wow. Okay, so I'm learning. I'm learning so much about YouTube right now.

[2235:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So anybody can grab a transcript of your YouTube right here. And I can say write a sales letter for a free webinar based on the following example.

[2238:36] Elizabeth Welles: Oh, that's funny because this this is a story. Let's see what they say.

[2239:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, but let's see what it comes up with. You Have you ever felt stuck in the mess of what seems impossible to navigate like every twist and turn as an unexpected surprise? With the small disappointments lead to larger catastrophes, introducing the what me worry

[2243:05] Coach Cyndi Sanders: webinar? That's funny is great.

[2244:34] Elizabeth Welles: Oh my god, that is so funny.

[2245:48] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Yep. Oh, my goodness. So I take a ton of

[2247:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: my talks that I do. And I'm breaking this down even in in our, in our new course the five minute content creation course. I take a lot of my transcripts, and I asked Chet GPT, how it would turn them into, like sales offers. And then I asked it to create new pieces of content and things like that.

[2252:33] Elizabeth Welles: Which that piece? Oh, my gosh, that is brilliant. This is another really brilliant on tip. I take this right

[2254:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: here. Yeah. And then what you could do is you could take a couple of these and

[2255:58] Elizabeth Welles: save some of these for me, too, and save some of these links of what you've just done.

[2257:07] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Yeah, I'll post them in the in the group. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah, when are based on the following transcript. So again, it's using the

[2259:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: idea of a sales letter in a webinar, but taking your content and kind of translating that together based on and it'll find things that maybe you never thought of discover the power of trust and serenity. Sometimes life sends a message to the most unexpected avenues. Introducing, everything's all right, a transformative webinar.

[2265:41] Elizabeth Welles: Oh my gosh, that's gonna make me cry. It's beautiful.

[2267:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this idea of great ideas for that you could also do this, right, a very highly engaging Facebook

[2269:06] Speaker 0: posts. Based on

[2270:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: this transcript, now, what's cool is because it's your own words, the AI is actually not You're not going to be plagiarizing anybody else's ideas. It's actually your own original thoughts just restructured

[2273:00] Speaker 0: in a different way. Oh, my gosh,

[2273:36] Elizabeth Welles: and this is just crazy, because it's really beautiful. Because it's it's so personal and so global. And so yeah, and then I can use the videos I can say here here's the the original village video that inspired this or

[2278:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: my father story, the story that inspired it would whisper everything's all right. Those words became a beacon of comfort to me and he's he has the past he graced my dreams with tales from beyond and cheeky reminder that even in the afterlife, he's busy.

[2282:14] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Inspired by these pen, this poem. Can you trust that everything's all right, in your world in mind? Things aligned just right. Oh,

[2284:39] Elizabeth Welles: that's not my column that there changed around. Interesting. Wildly changed it. So I'd have to go back. No, I'm not gonna go let them.

[2286:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's interesting, cool. How it? Does this also, you know, a journey beyond words.

[2289:22] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Yeah, here's another thing that you could do generate a detailed description of the tone of voice from this transcript.

[2292:55] Elizabeth Welles: The problem is there's too many choices now for me.

[2294:18] Coach Cyndi Sanders: Tone of voice is introspective, tender and reassuring.

[2296:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we take this now we go back to your flexible pricing. email question. Yeah. That you had. Yeah, you're right, the email above in this tone. And then we use that introspective, tender reassuring tone of voice. The quiet moments that are exchanged by thoughts of wonder to our shared introspection. I don't know if it'll work. But

[2303:13] Elizabeth Welles: no, I'd have to put it in much more colloquial.

[2304:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Recognizing that every heartbeats to its own rhythm.

[2305:07] Elizabeth Welles: So, right, right, right there look corny. This could be an interesting

[2305:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: email, though to send out to your email list. Yeah, you know, things like that. So anyways, Chad GPT it's really cool how it can take our own words and process it into different mediums and formats. spark ideas in you that maybe you never thought of. Right? Yeah. I use it all the time with my own content.

[2312:03] Elizabeth Welles: Wow. Thank you for sending sending those links out that Thank you. Thank you. Yeah,

[2313:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll send those to you. That's what I'm covering in that that five minute Content Creation Blueprint course. It's funny. I was watching your video here just briefly reminded me of Abraham Hicks.

[2315:55] Elizabeth Welles: Which was video because I don't think which one? The Can you trust video? Oh, Abraham Hicks. That's interesting. I don't think I'm not a fan of theirs. Particularly. It's just noticed. My dad used to say to me everything everything's all right. Everything's alright. He used to say that to me,

[2320:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: just your energy on this reminded me of the of Oh, really?

[2321:27] Elizabeth Welles: Okay. These were this was 13 years ago.

[2322:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Thank you. Awesome. Exciting. All right. Thanks, everybody. This has been great. This has been a great, great call. I think this shows just the value in this group. And that's why we grow together every week. It's awesome.

[2326:49] Coach Cyndi Sanders: All right. Have a good one night bye

