Mailchimp Made Easy - Lesson 4
Date: 2023-10-12T05:41:54.000Z
Duration: 46 min
Otter ID: ut4QlL7AQh9iGY2ud1PlTLF1aos
---

[4:22] Speaker 0: All right, so now that we've gone over kind of the basics of making audiences and setting up your domain name, making sure all that's set up, we're going to actually go into what I have taught in some of our previous lessons. Just kind of the best ways of utilizing MailChimp and creating really good emails. I have taught these in other courses we have for you look in our members area and you want to kind of dive deeper into various topics of this. I'm just going to kind of point this out to you where you can find all of this in here. And so, for instance, the course automated marketing secrets in the members area you go to members at Jeremiah krakowski.com automated marketing secrets is going to have a course all about how do you automate your emails, what's the best ways to automate them? We have another course called friendly follow up where I break down different ways of following up with emails, our sales copy for chat, sales, copy mastery for chat, GBT course, goes into a lot of the best ways of using chat GPT to create the best emails and then we have one called email marketing the fun way, which is all about using Jasper which is essentially almost the same as chat GPT for reading emails, and so those really kind of dive into this, this topic of a lot of those different nuances much deeper. But I'm just going to get into kind of give you an overview of that. And so we got to think about it from this perspective. Okay, so email marketing is a platform, and it's another platform of how you reach people. Our goal is to get people to go from social media, to our email list, okay. So we got to think about it from that perspective as to what the goal of the email list is. Now, here's where I think some people will make the mistake. They're like, Okay, once they're on the email list, we only send them to sales offers a terrible idea. Okay. What you want to think about when you think about your emails, and the best way to use email marketing, is that really it's a way to loop people back to either your social media content. You can send people to different offers that you have, such as webinars, or you can send them what you have for sale. You can also re engage, build connection, relationships, etc. It's a tool that once people are on your email list, you are able to make deeper connections with those people communicate, talk with people and send them other pieces of content. The goal is to basically move them from one place to another, okay, so think of it this way. somebody finds you through social media ad, they fill out that email list. Maybe they don't attend your webinar, but they're going to receive your emails. Okay. The other kind of cool part about having them on an email list is that you can retarget those people with Facebook ads, because you have them tagged because you have the information you can import it into the Facebook Ads Manager. And so this does this allows you to really create great look alike audiences that are targeted around what actions people actually took with you and that's one of the best number one best practices of using MailChimp and email marketing is getting people to become a lead on your list really qualifies those people as being the best people to work with. And when you got a group of those people, you tell the algorithm on Facebook show me more ads like more of these people bring more of them to me and that becomes more qualified over time. Your emails are not going to be opened up by everybody understand that people are not always going to open every single email that you send out. They're not supposed to they're not going to this is not possible. In fact, that's why a lot of people are you emails dead and they're like, you know SMS is in or direct messages or in or Facebook groups or in our social media is I see it as a tool to use that is still extremely effective for our business. Why is this because the people who are engaging with you over email they're the most qualified for everything else that you do in your business. The people who are ignoring your emails, well, they're not as qualified. And we see this by how people engage with email in the first place. Let's think to it. You know, if you're working a job, who do you actually respond to emails from the people you actually care? About what they're sending to you. People only open emails of people, they actually care about what they have to say. Pretty simple. And so because of that, the fact that most people aren't going to open your emails means that those people are less qualified to work with you receive your emails, or go into anything else that you have to offer. But the goal is that once somebody is on your email list, you want to basically keep them moving to maybe another piece of content you have, I mean, another offer you have, you know, just because they they registered for one webinar that you have, does it mean that you shouldn't send them the same webinar next month? This is a huge, huge mistake that I see a lot of people make when they sign up for that webinar before it's I don't want them to get the invite to the same webinar. Worst thing you could possibly do thinking that way. And I know a lot of beginner marketers think that way. They think, well, we're only going to send the same thing to the people once. And the problem is you don't have control over the fact that they actually consumed it, if they actually went through it. And this is an area where I tell people so much it's so relevant, stop trying to control, manage and maintain other people's choices and decisions. Because when it comes to email marketing, I want to send it to pretty much everybody unless they have purchased my main program from me. And so this is how I utilize a lot of our email lists is I'll create lists with like the different offers that we have and things like that. But I have a catch all broadcast list that gets all of our email sent to them unless they are a paid client of our program. At that point, then I'm able to segment them out and I actually manually pretty much segment a lot of these out myself through it's not an automated process. It's not very, very intuitive when it's automated. So the way that I do it is I basically have two lists that I maintain all the time. One has everybody in it. I'm just going to show this to you here on MailChimp. Okay, so we go to audience dashboard. This list has everybody in it right here. Okay. And then this list client or the Accelerator has active accelerator members who haven't unsubscribed and are still receiving emails from us that are part of our program. So what I'll do is actually go in here and I will export this list of people. This is something that I do often by the way, when we send out different campaigns as I actually go in, and we do this for any of our campaigns. Let's take a look at this one. Doesn't matter what campaign we're doing. Let's take a look at this one. I'll go to this audience and I'll click Export audience and then I have to wait for the export to happen. This exported as a CSV, I have to actually open it on my computer. This opens up a CSV file right here. This CSV file has all the email addresses that we've actually captured from a specific campaign or if they're part of our accelerator. So what I'll do is actually go into Excel or Google Sheets. If you don't have Excel, you can import this CSV into Google Sheets and the exact same thing. I'll take the line with all the email addresses. I'll copy that now when I go create a new campaign. I'll have my main audience here. And I'll go to pasted emails. And I'll paste those email addresses right there from the CSV file. And then I'll say exclude these from my segments save segments. So it might seem tedious to do that, but honestly, I do it like multiple times. It's gotten to the point now where it's just very quick and simple. I go through the process that I just showed you I go to the audience that I want to exclude the people from I export it I copy their names and then I paste it into this prompt right here. Okay. And so that's really how I segment things out. I think that you can get so caught up and overwhelmed with making sure all your tags and your segmenting are perfect. I don't do that. I don't spend a lot of time making sure that everything and all of our tags and segmentations and everything are perfect. Why? Because I find that the return on investment of my time actually doing that is just not worth the amount of energy to put into making sure that all of those tags and segmentations are perfect. Just simply put. So that's why I'll create separate audiences for active campaigns that are going on. I'll move everybody to my broadcast list.

[162:20] Speaker 0: And then I will kind of copy and paste and remove. What I really only focus on is are they a member of our paid program, or if I'm double sending the same email to my main list and then to one of our offers, such as a webinar, I'll exclude those people from the offer so they don't get the same email twice. Generally, I'm only excluding people who are a member of our paid program from getting all of our marketing emails. And then for everybody else, they get the same email sent to them constantly consistently. I don't spend energy or effort trying to go any more in depth than that and I think that that's a big mistake that a lot of people make is that they're trying way too hard to do all the all the segmentation right and everything in MailChimp when keep it simple. That's what's gonna work for you. I send every marketing email that we have out to our main list. If I have a certain group of people coming to an event that we're doing, I'll send just that email for that event to people. And then we have an upcoming webinar. I'll send that to everybody that I have including those that are already registered. I'm not worried about them getting the same email. Why? Because it's actually reminding them of what they registered for, even if they're already on my list. So not a big problem there. I think way too often people are so concerned with I don't want to bother people with too many emails and stop it. Okay, stop concerning yourself with what people think about you. It's not going to help you in your business. It's not gonna help you grow it's I can help you reach those, those goals that you have, okay. And so utilizing MailChimp utilizing the different campaigns that way is, is going to be a lot simpler than I think a lot of people aren't making it. And now here's one of the things that I do often is if we do one webinars, say in September, and then we're running a different one in October. I'm actually going to go through and I'm going to look for the different emails that we might have sent out in September or October. Let's say that I want that I like this email, right here. This is a great email that I liked for our accelerator. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna look for the name of this email under the actual campaign. It's called leads. Copy oh seven. And so this makes it really easy for me if I want to actually use the exact same email in another campaign. We'll click on all audiences and then we'll go Leeds copy of seven. And there it is, and so then I can actually replicate this email right here and run this as a new campaign to a new audience and not have to spend a whole bunch of time rewriting a bunch of my emails. When you learn how to duplicate emails, like I just did right there. If you miss what I just did, let me just show you this is one of the number one functions of using MailChimp as learning how to find the right campaigns you know, if I want if I wanted to send out we have these different notification emails to go to go out to our different clients and things like that. We have our copywriting call this one our reminder copywriting call email. I'm going to replicate this for next month in November on the same date and all I'm going to change in the email is this event add function and the Zoom link and the date and time but I don't have to like rewrite the whole email and 98% of what we're actually doing when we're using MailChimp as we're just sort of replicating existing emails to resend the people to re up to RE to re integrate people into our ecosystem and to remind them of why they're there. Okay, and so, understand that that that you can get really caught up in this whole idea of, well, am I writing the right emails? Am I sending the right thing am I saying the right things? Quantity is going to be better on that front than anything else and I really split things. When I create our emails. I split them into sort of two different categories. Again, I have what we call sales and marketing emails, weird and simple sales and marketing emails. Okay. So that is basically telling people when we open the doors for something that has testimonies, case studies, I'll send the same sales and marketing email out though. A month later, two people who ignored it, who didn't look at it who didn't engage. If I've opened the doors to my accelerator, I will literally copy and paste the same exact email, send it the next month to people and they will become clients and that works great. I don't need to invest a lot of time doing that but sales and marketing emails. This is where I'll spend most of our time is what I'm going to kind of talk about here next is is kind of utilizing this. There's a couple of different ways that I'll utilize chat GPT to help us write emails. I'm gonna show you that right here. The other way is what we call transactional emails. And then kind of related transactional is reminder emails. Okay, so sales and marketing emails, basically I'm trying to get somebody to sign up for either something that's paid or free. I'm sending it to my whole list to remind them of what we do what we offer, how we help people. And I'm trying to get them to reengage re up or join us for some kind of a session, whether it be a webinar that we have coming up, you know in two weeks we got a training is all about printing digital classes. So that's going to be something that I'm going to be sending out to my list every single day for the next two weeks. Because I want to get as many people on that webinar. And then the next week I'm going to be sending them about my webinar about using Facebook ads all about starting your mentorship business, okay. Now the transactional emails, what is that that's basically transactional. That's why there's these basically three categories. Category number one, sales and marketing. This is getting people to register for something getting them to actually sign up for something you're selling and marketing them on something. A transactional email basically says thank you for what you registered for. You're sending them something that says hey, here's what you registered for. Here's how you get access to it. And these are the most copy and paste style. These two are actually similarly reminder emails are kind of just like a transactional email, but it reminds people what they registered for. Specifically, when we're doing virtual events, live events. We're reminding people of what they actually sign up for. We're reminding them that hey, you sign up for this on the Saturday jump into it, don't miss out on it. It's gonna really help you. Don't assume that they're remembering anything that you're telling them. Don't assume that they're going to remember, listen, I get it. Maybe you want people to assume that about you and honor that about you and treat you with respect and all that. Don't let that get so caught up in your head. I think that's one of the biggest problems that people make with email marketing. They're way too stuck on Well, I wouldn't want people to do that to me. I wouldn't want people to send me that many emails. I listen, I had somebody write me the other day like Jeremiah, you've seen way too many emails. I don't know if anybody's insists on this. You should be appalled of yourself to shame you're a horrible person. And I'm just like, delete. Like, I'm not worried about that. That's one person. In our businesses and what I found is that the all the most successful mentorship and coaching businesses send consistent emails. More than anything else, we send one to two emails a day with my mom's business every single day. I just got done for the last 24 hours writing some emails to send out to my mom's people. One of the things that we did was we actually went back to this process. I'm going to show you this copy and paste process and using chat GBT to create a lot of those emails. Okay. And so, these are kind of the basically two types of emails and this type is kind of split into different kinds. This one's thanking people for what they registered for. This one's reminding people again, even if they already know about it, what they registered for reminding them that it's coming up reminding them hey, it's starting this afternoon reminding them hey, it's starting tomorrow. Reminding them hey, it's starting in 15 minutes, reminding them hey, here's the link. It's live right now, even when we send that just by adding that 15 minute email, and it's starting now email. We had an increase in our show up rate to our webinars. But isn't that annoying to them? You should just treat them with respect and think that they're an adult that knows how to manage themselves. Oh, my goodness, please. They don't. Most people ignore everything that comes into their inbox. So understand that, realize that and realize that that sending a consistent amount of reminder emails more than you're probably going to feel comfortable sending crazy part is we never get unsubscribed from our reminder emails. It's like the craziest thing to me. Blew my mind. I could send six reminder emails in one day. No unsubscribes I sent one sales and marketing email and I got 40 People that unsubscribe.

[322:57] Speaker 0: Yeah, I'll still send these once a day. And over time, about 50% of my email list wants subscribed for me. Oh, no. Aren't you losing more money doing that? No, definitely not. Not if you do it the right way. Because that other 50% that stayed with me. They're very qualified. They're very much engaging with us. They're opening all of our emails and they're reading what we're sending out okay. And so this process these right here, straight up, we just copy and paste whatever the old emails we sent out was. Chain changed the text for the name of the offer, the date and time and how to access it. Does seem like we've been doing that for the last Oh my gosh. 15 years. We started 15 years ago I actually I started doing email marketing stuff. Oh, anything back I got my job with Danny Johnson. Yeah, I was doing email marketing stuff. It's been like 16 years 16 years. These emails reminder emails and thank you emails are just copy and paste. Now initially, you're gonna have to write them. The best way to come up with what to send in your thank you emails. Thank you for subscribing. Thank you for signing up. Take a look at when you sign up for somebody else's stuff. What emails they send out one of the best ways you can do that is take a look at what I send out when you subscribe or sign up for any of my webinars or any of our paid trainings and you can go back into your whether it be your Gmail account or something and I guarantee you if you just type in my name, Jeremiah Krakowski and like that's the actual from name here, let's try this. Let me actually do my email address

[356:56] Speaker 0: that's actually from here we go. These are emails that I've just that I've sent out

[361:02] Speaker 0: actually was

[367:52] Speaker 0: check this

[370:06] Speaker 0: out Jeremiah Krakowski. Here we go these are all the emails that I send out for different offers that we've created. You can literally go through and read them these are in September right here is are each of the different emails that I've written? Day one replay link you can read how I send out replay link emails. Thanks for registering Wow today starts our event today starts this

[381:18] Speaker 0: so you could actually see the different emails that we send out to our lists to our people to the people that we're engaging with and most of these are just copy and paste from previous emails that we edit or we use chat GBT to help us rewrite it. And that's something really cool that you can do.

[386:56] Speaker 0: Let's just take for example this email right here. Training expires at midnight email. Okay. If you go into chat GPT Oh, cool. I got the new updated version lets you add images in. Nice.

[394:10] Speaker 0: That's very cool. Even more up to date, very fun. All right. All right. So we take this right here and I say rewrite the following email. Based on the sales letter. Below, email to rewrite, you got to tell it what it is and you do sales letter. And I'll do this often and then I'll go off and find a sales letter for maybe an upcoming offer that we have. This is a completely different offer right here. I'll copy this sales copy right here. And then we'll paste that in the chat cheat routine will tell it to rewrite one of the emails future digital course creator you ambitious. Yesterday I shared 90 minutes of pure value watch the training until midnight tonight VIP morose got great news. So what I was able to do is I was able this why everything hinges on your sales copy for your offer. If you didn't notice what I just did, I did basically two steps. Step number one to rewrite any email that's sent out. Rewrite the following email below based on the content of the sales letter below. I'll do an email to rewrite a copy whatever email it is that I want to actually rewrite. Let's take a marketing email

[419:30] Speaker 0: here's a marketing email inviting people to sign up for this this training right here. Email three right sales letter. I'm going to take the actual sales letter for my new offer which is a different offer. And chat GBT is going to rewrite the existing email that I have based on this new offer that I'm sending out. ever imagine how to leverage online courses to create six figures whether you're a newbie, why should you care the best path to make six figures? However, there's so much confusing advice but don't fret I've been in industry two decades beginner's guide to creating a course finding the perfect topic pricing strategies, effective storytelling techniques. Perfect. This is a great email right here that I would literally send out to my email list. Tomorrow if I'm gonna mark this, I'm gonna say email to send out okay, so what that tells me is that I was able to take an existing email I do this all the time. By the way, when I'm writing these emails, I'll take this email and then I'll say this. I'll copy that into a new chatty routine. I'll say take the following email and improve it. Based on the context the target audience cares about and write it in the tone they would speak. So I'm gonna actually have it take the email that it wrote and then rewrite it again, to improve it ever toyed with cashing in on digital courses, regardless of whether you're starting out in a tech was or still racking your brain to dish. What's the shower you got a blueprint? Online horses a goldmine but here's the thing the web is jam packed with advice, some gold and others not so much. I've been navigating these waters 20 years pulling in some hefty numbers. Gotten folks like you that's pretty cool to grasp correspondence. ended on creating digital courses. This is a better really a better version of that first email. But let me say this, some of the lingo is a bit slang. Can you simplify it to a fourth grade reading level with words that normal people understand? That's still keeps the meaning? Correct? Great way to talk to chat DBT when writing emails, telling it to basically rewrite what it just wrote. If you ever thought about making your own online class, whether you're just starting out don't know much about computers or can't decide what to teach. I'm here to help. Online classes can help you make money some people give good advice about this and get bad advice seven years 20 years made lots of money and help other people. Let's meet up on Saturday, October 28. How to make a class if you're new how to choose what to teach, how to set a good price for your class. I tell stories that students will enjoy how to make a group of happy students. Yep. That's awesome. So you can see how one email right here that I sent out to my list and there's the subject line. I could say here's the original subject line, Gen generate generate me 20 More options

[475:31] Speaker 0: give me 20 more options for the subject line. Starting today easiest path to success right succeed beginners best roadmap inside the no fail beginner friendly success plan for today. First timers unlock today's easiest success steps. Okay. So I was able to take this email that was about a different class versus really a very different class that I was hosting on this day and have chat GBT rewrite it based off of this offer that I have right here. And that's really a way that I have chat GBT, right a lot of our emails is I'll take a look at I'll go find an email that's similar to what I want to send out. And I'll just have chat GBT rewrite it. Other times, I might just take the sales letter by itself. And I'll say this, write me an email. We're actually will say this. You are an email marketing expert. Right? Who writes the best emails that get the most engagement? write me an email inviting people to join the following. Then I'll paste the sales letter and let chat GPT kind of go to work just creating an email ever dropped him becoming successful digital course creator, impacting 1000s Maybe millions achieving financial freedom. I'm inviting you to an exclusive value packed training for bold ambitious entrepreneurs.

[498:58] Speaker 0: Great, another great email. I will send out to will send this one out as well.

[502:47] Speaker 0: This is how I come up with and write a lot of our emails and I might take this first one that it does. And then again I'll open up another window you are an email marketing expert. Please improve the following email make it more persuasive. I'll take whatever it did not just tell it to improve and make them more persuasive. Do you envision yourself making significant impact achieving financial freedom is of course greater if you answered yes. I'm exclusive invite for you. This is great, no tech wizardry. Required cell phone or laptops all you need

[514:41] Speaker 0: very cool. This is any This is another great email. So this is literally like how I come up with the emails that we want to send out as I love what chat GPT is able to generate. Now what I'll do sometimes is I'll as I'll read through because these are like now three different emails right here. I'll read through these different versions that is generated. And what I might do is I'll do this too. I'll open up a notepad document and I will copy all the emails that it's generated for me I'll actually copy them into a notepad document

[527:48] Speaker 0: is there a ton of different different types of emails they're all a little bit similar to each other

[531:37] Speaker 0: but I was copying and pasting them into this document right here. So I got five emails right here. And then what I'm gonna do is I'm going to go into chat GBT, and I'm gonna say,

[534:47] Speaker 0: take the following. Or you are an email marketing expert. Take the following emails and pray a best version. All of the following is I'm gonna paste all those emails, the five different emails that are generated for me into here and have chat GBT create like a best version. Ever wondered how some people are crushing? It with courses raking in six figures? It's not as elusive as a thanks whether you're a complete beginner or tech savvy, there are modern day gold rush but tons of makes device out there makes it easy to fill last. Mark the calendar Here's a glimpse as to what's going on Rambo movies guide to kick starting an online course. Nailing it down yeah, this is great. It's another great email. So I've already written now for emails that I can send out to my list. Now what I might do is I might take this and I might reword it in my own language or I might take it and I might tell it to reword it in a different tone. So I'll say rewrite the email above in the tone of Sandy for kowski. Ever find yourself daydreaming about unleashing an amazing course whether you're fresh off the boat, feel like tech is some alien language. You're still brainstorming what golden nuggets you want to share about your back online courses learners to try their revolution. Let's keep it real. There's amazing advice out there some shiny some a bit rusty. I've been in this arena for 20 years cashed in big. We've got so many beautiful souls like you to launch their favorite. Literally sounds like my mom. And that's actually sounds like how I write emails for her because I wrote a lot of those emails for my mom as well. For Beginners joy and joy ride into so I might change some of those words. Some of these words are a bit weird. I liked the tone of Sandy Gronkowski but let's use common lingo for stuff instead of sensational words. So I'm gonna do is I'm gonna, I'm gonna basically take the tone of Sandy, but keep it a little bit more common. And now this might be a really good email right here. Have you been thinking about launching your own course whether you're just starting out feeling overwhelmed. I like horses are just a passing trend. With so much advice out there. It'd be hard to figure out. Okay, that's a great email right there. That's a very well crafted email. And what it came from is I had to generate those five different emails, how to create the best one, then I had to rewrite it as Sandy Hook kowski. Then I had to basically simplify the language so it was like five or six steps to do that. But that's how I use chat. GPT to take existing emails and create something completely like there's this email right here that we base it off of. This is a completely different type of email all together. About a completely new topic that we can send out to people I love this and I love what it output it. So that's that's one way that I used to write emails. Those are, those are some different ways that I use chat govt to write different emails. And the other thing is that might take this and I might write my own version of it. Take the following and convert it into an email by formatting it the right way. If you ever thought about creating your own online course, but it just seems overwhelming to start. You don't know what to do. You don't know what the right way to start is. I get it. I was confused when I started as well and I want to help you solve that problem. Listen, online courses are one of the fastest, easiest ways to make six and seven figures online. And I want to show you how you can do so as well. I've been doing this for over 20 years. And this Saturday I'm gonna walk you through step by step exactly what it takes to get your own online course launched or we're going to cover is how to find and refine your own online course topic. And then give a list of topics that are talked about. So I saw chat GPT to basically take that turn it into an email. There was that about creating your online course is the idea feels overwhelming. you're unsure where to begin we're going to delve into finding your niche or finding your idea. Start starting might seem daunting with the right guidance in the smooth roaring journey. Yep, perfect. Take the email above and include a real list of topics as well as

[611:04] Speaker 0: so so instead of me editing what Chad GBT does too when I write emails. I will literally tell it what I want it to edit it for how I want it to edit the email the right way.

[618:27] Speaker 0: Let's rework it so aligns more with the content you've provided. Over ever told with the idea of a launch, you're not like horse but it feels like a giant maze. I totally get it. Here's the thing. They're a game changer. They want to put this waste into my life. Discovering the right topic or finding your idea. mapping it out engaging and retaining students promotion and pricing the right feedback loop perfect. So we got like a whole week's worth of emails now written with chat GBT that all basically say the same thing. You might be noticing that Jeremiah they're all saying the same thing. Yeah, but they say it in a slightly different way. And so I will literally send out one day after another I'll just change the subject line. And then take those emails that like we just generated right there. And I'll send them out to my list. And that's literally how I do sales and marketing emails. So it's simple. And then it's the same thing for our transactional or reminder emails. I'll take one of our reminder emails and I'll and I'll have chat GBT edit one of those emails that reminds people for what they registered for.

[635:54] Speaker 0: Okay. Let me let me find a offer that somebody registered for here. Let me see one that I registered for that that way I actually have the link of it

[644:24] Speaker 0: yeah

[646:42] Speaker 0: as far as like, here we go. I'm hosting two bonus sessions one tomorrow when next week. Doors are open right there. So all I would do is I would just have to change the date. What the actual context is, you could have chatted up to this rewrite the following email based on the above I'm not sure how helpful it'll be with this. Because the email that we're having a rewrite doesn't have a lot of context based around a topic but there we go. Excited news we have two bonus sessions. Here's your exclusive link for access. You want to make sure the links are right. By the way I find open my doors in case you're thinking of joining dive in test the waters it's risk free Misha previous session watch the replay

[657:26] Speaker 0: here in your journey. So again, it rewrote this email based on the tone of what we were doing above but, you know,

[661:14] Speaker 0: you'll want to update the Zoom links and all that you want to make sure those are updated. You want to make sure that when you actually put those in there that they're updated. You want to make sure that your links are updated. And here's the last thing I'll tell you about writing emails if you're writing emails with links. One of the biggest mistakes that people can make is thinking that the link is correct. Let me show you what I mean by this. So we have this email that we're sending out right here

[669:05] Speaker 0: CGA live q&a This is scheduled and we had this problem happen. So if like if I go into edit this content right here

[671:57] Speaker 0: here's something that you want to be aware of these links right here in MailChimp do not auto update themselves. So like if I change the number of this right now the link is going to go here. Here's the link right here and it's actually the right link with the with that file. If I changed the number on this to a different number.

[681:38] Speaker 0: With the most people do that as they might just like copy and paste one with a different number right here. So if I copy and paste a different number over that one look at that. I changed the number on this, but guess what? The number on the link itself didn't change. So that's how sometimes you can accidentally send an email out to your list with one link. And then the link is wrong when people click on it. Because MailChimp does not update the link just because you copied and pasted a new link in there. does not update it based on that link. You have to actually highlight the link click on this link button right here. And then change the web URL right there to actually make it match what you're sending people to. So that can be really confusing that can cause one of the biggest headaches that we've ever experienced where we sent out the wrong link to everybody and we wondered later, like why did everybody get the wrong link? Why is this not working for people okay, and so that's just a really a great best practice to make sure to check up on to make sure that you have the right links, but emails like this, you know, reminding people of when something starts, q&a calls, we'll use a basic format where we have like a big headline that says, What is the date and time of what they're signing up for? And then the actual link and this is literally one of our reminder emails that we send out to our list. Okay, so whether it be with chat GBT, or you take even just take what was in this video. Pause the video go back to it, rewrite it for your own offer your own reminder email. That's that's a great way to use an chat GPT to write good emails in MailChimp and as well as some of the best practices of scheduling the emails and how to get the most out of MailChimp. There's the last thing I'm gonna say is, don't overthink using MailChimp. Keep it simple. The more you email your list, the better. You can't overdo it. And I want to see you make a ton of money in your business. One of the biggest reasons people don't make enough money is they're not emailing the list enough. And even when people register for something they're not they're not reminding people of what they actually registered for and so people don't show up. And so this is the best way to get people to show up to what your offer is to get people engaging with you consistently. And it's actually a lot less work than it seems when you follow the process of using chat GBT as sort of a writing assistant for you. I use chat GBT now as my writing assistant for writing all of the emails from my mom and for myself. I'll have it come up with some ideas. And then I might dictate back to it a new idea or rewrite some of the ideas that comes up with but I'm not ever writing any emails. Really. I'm not writing anything in my business without using chat JpT to brainstorm and to help me come up with the structure and the ideas of how to do it. And it does a great job of writing emails overall. So use it for that purpose. All right.

