CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-12-04T20:10:27.000Z
Duration: 129 min
Otter ID: vRyjZzfwSbUPeZ80D7OJgCQbtIA
---

[1:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good morning Good morning. Good morning, David. How are you? Hello, hello. Hello, David and we got Bill on here. Yeah, Beth coming in. Cheryl Angela. Hello. Hello, hello. Welcome on in

[12:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: live in the group here. Normally I do this before everybody jumps in, but I was letting everybody in. Alright. Hello, everybody. Welcome, welcome. Good morning. Good morning

[19:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, it's funny, I just want to share with you

[21:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: if everything could have gone wrong in my day, quote, unquote, it all did in the last 30 minutes. So, hey, guess what I'm here. Yay. And it's a testament to being able to control our, our emotions, and to not have to say, hey, that that gets put aside for the next two hours. So that I can focus in on the on the people who have made an investment to be here. And in our business, and things like that, my internet actually went out. Last night, the whole area went out. So I have no internet. But hey, I'm online now. And it just came back on 30 minutes ago. Which is cool. So that's something that I wanted to just kind of share a little bit is that I feel like people might see me or they see successful mentors, and they think, Oh, wow, they got no problems and things don't go wrong for them. No, actually, way more goes wrong in my life than probably a beginner deals with. But it's learning to handle that pressure more, and being able to manage it increases our capacity to where it doesn't break us, you know, what would have broken me two years ago, three years ago, it I look at it now. And I'm like, you know, that doesn't doesn't affect me that much. And I think that that's, that's something powerful that I think we need to need to grow in and look at. And for me, you know, a one I would I would say, and I meet with my I meet with my therapist, like once a month now. But a lot of it is I've learned different techniques, grounding techniques, meditation techniques, different ways to calm my nervous system down when I'm really agitated. So like, that's what I spent the last hour even doing was just calming the nervous system down overall, you know, not and that was substances, not with taking things, it's literally just learning how to go in and breathe through it, and let the anxiety kind of go away. And I find that especially you know, if you feel like you're gonna cry because Facebook took your your offer down, or they're not accepting your ads or the landing page isn't working or the pixels not working or you you get stuck, not understanding how something should work out how it should go, what needs to be done next, learning to breathe through those things. And you know, and I use this example I look at my I look at my son he is almost a year old. You know, when when something when he doesn't like something or something's not going how he wants, he starts to cry, and pound his hands and do that and a lot of us as as adults, I don't mean this to be disrespectful or harsh because I do the same thing. 40 5060 year old we're still doing the same thing that a one year old would do as our response to things not going how we want them to be and it's learning how to really like regulate that to say hey, I don't need to go into this anxiety this just total blow up to where like it's the end of the world because nothing is ultimately the end of the world at any moment in time that you're dealing with, especially when it comes to this business, especially when it comes to building a coaching or course business. But it can feel that way internally, it can feel like everything is just coming crashing down. It's like you're at rock bottom, you want to give up, you want to cry, and nothing's working. And I've experienced that, I would say, I told my therapist, the last two weeks, I would say is probably the lowest point that I felt emotionally in the last four years. The last two weeks. What's funny is, none of y'all would recognize it. Because previously, the lowest point for me was, I would go introspective. And I'll tell you, like the story, I love to share stories. You know, for me, I would say the lowest the most previous lowest point in my life. It was actually five years ago, it was, it was the week that my mom had fired me from working with her and her business. As as I had, I was so excited. I was the CEO of her company, this business is making all this money, we had talked about increasing my compensation to over a over a million dollar a year salary. I mean, I'm just on top of the world right now, this is five years ago, and then bam, it's all cut off, I lost everything, all my incomes, zero. I am not allowed to market or even create courses or training due to non compete agreements that while they're not technically legally enforceable, I wanted to honor them, because my mom said, I need you to honor these and you will not create a single course you will not market anything, you will not claim that you know anything about marketing or sales for two years. And you will not compete with my business. And that's what my mom told me. And that was the lowest point in my life was that. And so I can tell you, you know, the last two weeks has kind of hit a stride like that, for me to where and prior to that was the lowest point in my life. Prior to that the lowest point in my life prior to that was getting arrested. I was I was drinking all the time I was I got arrested for alcohol like three times in one year. Okay, so I can look at in my own life, like I have these highs and these lows, and they're usually I was talking to my wife about this, they're usually attached to the pattern for me, you might notice patterns in your life, this is important that I'm sharing this with with you guys, because it's really gonna help you identify your own patterns. For me, I noticed a pattern of whenever I would hit the lowest point in my life, it always followed the following instances number one increase in income. Number two, buying a house number three, some kind of, of legal trouble of some kind. And guess what? All three of these things have have happened in the last like week right now. I'm gonna explain the legal trouble i i sold a car a year ago. And this was two days before my wife was giving birth. And you're supposed to notify that you sold the vehicle and you transfer the title out of your name. And in the state of Texas, you are liable for all crimes committed with a vehicle if you haven't done that. Well guess what? I got a notice from the county court that I have to appear before a judge for tickets that the person who bought my vehicle a year ago dealt with Oh, and guess what date it is, oh, it's the it's the morning of my five day intensive or I have to pay this much or I have to hire an attorney. Things like that. Okay, so this triggered in me, this this moment of different things. As far as that goes, what was the legal trouble I guess? When my mom fired me really, it was the whole like noncompete thing I was like, I don't want to like deal with that. So and then it was like the the going to jail for alcohol thing for me prior to that, that always correlated to buying a house I bought a house. Now I bought a house pretty much six months before I got married. And then my mom had fired me and I had bought a house right before I had gotten arrested for these alcohol issues. And in all three moments in time, I had had the highest amount of income that I had ever made, and all of those moments. So it's interesting to me, my pattern in life. And we all have patterns. We all have things if we look at the bird's eye view over the last 30 years, you can literally start to identify certain patterns of behavior that trigger you at different moments in time. And oftentimes when you're stepping into your next level of breakthrough, when you're stepping into your next level your next season of of income It can feel like whether it's reality or not. Like everything is going wrong around you and you end up feeling like you hit rock bottom. Now here's the cool part about it this time. I emotionally feel all the same triggers of when I've hit rock bottom in my life before. But here's the cool part. Nothing bad is actually really happening around me. Everything is really good. So it's very interesting that it feels like everything is going wrong for me. The feeling internally the anxiety internally somatically inside my body is everything is terrible, yet, evidence wise, everything is literally I had my best month in sales last month. Like, this is just a ticket. Like it's not a big deal. This is our house is awesome. You know, we've had a lot of repairs on the House over the last two months. We had the raccoons coming in things like that. Um, last Oh, yeah, another one is sorry. Let's do what's number four for me. As I have

[180:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of haters, hecklers and negative people I'm talking like not just like one or two, like 10 to 20 people writing me contacting commenting, tagging me DMing me telling me Jeremiah, you are on a. You're you're you're you're on a path of destruction. You are what you're doing in business is wrong. You need to stop. You're hurting people, you're harming people, you are playing with fire right now you need to stop doing what you're doing. And I had like, a bunch of people in the last three weeks come out of the woodwork that I haven't seen in forever, to notify me that what I'm promoting and selling online is trash, that we're not helping anybody that I need to just give up and actually do things that help humanity instead of robbing people blind with false promises and coaching. And I'm just like, and I got like a ton of people telling me this. nonissue of well, actually there was there was actually two people who actually did a 30 day trial on the accelerator. And they wrote me and said this even they're not a good fit for the program. That's all. It's not a concern of mine. Why do I share this with you. Because as you go out there to build a business, things will start to actually get harder at each level of growth that you get to so what I'm at today, I'm excited because I know that an even higher level of breakthrough is happening. And whenever it feels like everything is coming crashing down, it's chaotic. We want to cry, we want to give up, nothing's working out yada, yada. Everything is so hard and difficult. That's when I get really curious. And I say wow, what amazing, incredible things are about to happen in my life. In the past, I would have pulled back, put everything on pause, stopped everything. shut it all down. Because I felt afraid of what might happen next. And some people that's what they've been taught and trained to do that if it gets hard. It's not worth sacrificing my peace. I had somebody write me that bout a month ago. You know, Jeremiah, what you teach, causes too much anxiety. I mean, it's not worth sacrificing my peace. Great, awesome, that's good. But like, don't try to build a business at that point. Don't try to say that you are going to do things to change your income at that point you because what that is, is you know, we don't want to leave our comfort zone. It's called a comfort zone for a reason. And by the way, a comfort zone can literally be things that are not going how you want. We can literally get comfortable in our cycle and our patterns of negativity. We can literally get comfortable in our cycle of things not going our way. And so what I've learned to do that I that I didn't know how to do before is learning to regulate my emotions anytime. A situation like this happens Saturday I had I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I have a person who created seven different email addresses, and used multiple credit cards to try to get access to the VIP who is sending nasty messages to my customer service, because she believes that she is obligated and that I owe her an audience. When this person has been repeatedly, disruptive, multiple times completely disruptive to my business, and add an afterword, like we removed her from the call, we removed her from the training afterwards, multiple messages about just how, you know, Jeremiah, you're silencing the voice of marginalized women. And, and you you're so fragile as a man that you can't let a woman tell you what her opinions are. And that I'm disgusting, and that I'm the scum of the earth. Great, awesome. That's her opinion, because of the fact that I'm not going to allow her to spew that on a public webinar to everybody and have an have removed her. And so that actually, weirdly enough, like bothered me, it agitated me, it. It, it bothered me that that I was being accused of this behavior even. And so I had to take a step back and go regulate my emotions. I went for like an hour long walk. That didn't even do it. And so really, like, sometimes it's just sleeping on it. Sometimes it's just sleeping on on an issue. Sometimes it's just going to sleep and being okay with not having the answer right away. Instead of because what happens is when we focus, focus, focus, focus, focus, so hard on a problem that we feel like we're going to cry and nothing's going well for us, and nothing is coming together, whatsoever, our brain ends up shutting down the creativity centers inside of our brain, our brain ends up shutting down that part that comes up with ideas and is creative. And so to solve problems, we end up making the problem become way bigger than it needs to be or should be. We make the problem way bigger than it will be and by the way, I've seen multiple questions now come in and repairs. I'm not taking questions right now. Okay, we're taking questions after? Um, I don't check our email. Cassandra. So no, I have not seen your email on on sales copy. I will have to have our our team send that over to me. Sunil, I saw you raise your hand. So I will take your questions here in just in just a little bit. Hi, Jake. After this, okay. Sorry, I'm a little thrown off now.

[298:57] Sunil 07973782389: I apologize. I just put it in the chat. So I don't

[299:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: know. It's fine. That's totally fine. Um, where was I? Okay. So here's the thing is that that's, that's what I'm saying is like, I'm noticing that I can get thrown off a lot easier. I'm noticing that I am struggling to stay focused and things like that. And so that's how I noticed, okay, something's not right. Something's going on things like that. But what I'm looking at in my life around me is that everything is going really great. Everything is coming together, everything is piecing together really well and things like that. And so I can't let myself start to beat myself up, start to punish myself, go into a hole and do that. That behavior is what I used to do. And there's a reason that I couldn't make money in a business when that's what I did. And so what I had to do is I had to learn how do I regulate my emotions, my feelings when I feel like giving up when I feel like crying when I feel like shutting it all down. When I feel like it's too hard when I feel like nothing is working out when it's all against me when everything is piled up coming after me and against me and Nothing is working out. And listen, if you just logged in and you're hearing me talk about this, I had like a whole segment where I shared about that that has been happening for the last couple of weeks right now. And it's been compounding and building up and I've had to learn, okay, how do I address this? How do I work through this? And so learning to regulate the internal dialogue, regulate the emotions, regulate those feelings, learning about meditation, breathwork breathing through the situation. We talked about this a couple of weeks ago, where if I can sit down and find in my center are my core, breathing in and out and observing thoughts that go by instead of grabbing onto them, oh, this person hates you, Oh, you forgot to do this, oh, you need to do this. See? Does your brain spin around and do that, like mine does, because that's what ends up happening is that when I get really anxious, all of these thoughts is just like, all over the place. Can't be focused. Too much. And so with that, I've had to learn how do you quiet that chatter? How do you calm the internal feeling like you're like, you're, you're, you're panicked, like, you're gonna die like everything's going wrong for you. Even if, again, that's not true. The external evidence in my life for the past three weeks has been that it's not true that I've hit rock bottom, but the internal feelings tell me a different story. And our feelings aren't always true or real. They can be because of triggers and trigger moments that pop up that trigger us into feeling like past situations are happening. past moments are happening, things like that. And again, listen, I'm not ignoring anybody who's in here right now. I understand you got questions, you got things that you want to ask. I'm not ignoring you. I just I have to focus in on here to be able to do this. Okay. One of the biggest things that you have to learn is this number one. One of the one of the we will be doing certain things in a moment. Okay. In here. I understand. You, you may you have some questions. We will be doing a hot seat in a moment. Yes. Okay. We're not going to be doing that. Right now. At this moment, I'm going to be continuing the talk that I'm doing right now. Okay. Okay.

[362:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Learning how to use technology is one of those areas that I know. For a lot of people dysregulates the emotions, it gets us feeling like, we're gonna cry, like, nothing's working out, like nothing is coming together well, like, we've hit rock bottom, like everything is against us. Like we're going to cry. You know, 10 1015 years ago, when we were building, my mom's business technol, and even 15 and 20 years ago, when we were building with Danny Johnson, the technology, the technology was it was exponentially harder to use than it is today. And so what this tells me is it's less of the technology has gotten harder. It's gotten 10 times easier today. And I know that there are people who were very successful than that were not super tech savvy 15 years ago, that's what we created courses on how to do, but it was 10 times harder to do everything back then. And so what that tells me is that it's not necessarily the technology. It's how we approach doing things that we've never done before. That we don't feel comfortable with. When things don't go how we want them to do we respond like my 11 month old does cry, scream, hope somebody hears us. Hope that by getting angry enough, it suddenly changes. Or do we say hey, let's take a step back. Let's regulate that anxiety that's going on inside internally. And I really I really believe that. This that the ability to when you feel completely anxious, like nothing is working out like everything that you do isn't coming together. By the way again, like I said, How do my best marketing campaigns this month? We've had incredible things happen like our tag says got lowered locally. Yeah, internally, I feel like I've hit rock bottom like I did in those previous moments because of these indicators buying a house. Oh, I got a letter from the from the court about a car that I had sold a year ago, somebody's driving it around highest level of income. My brain is wired, be on alert, be on high alert, to lose everything for everything to go wrong. And you know, and you know, what's funny is, before my wife gave birth to my son, I had everybody telling me, Jeremiah, you are going to lose your business within 12 to 18 months, it's all going to come crashing down. Everything that you have built, will be destroyed. Because that's what having kids does. Well, guess what? Hasn't happened yet? It's not gonna happen. I guess we haven't hit 18 months, but it's not gonna happen. I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to keep staying consistent. keep continuing. Why do I share this with you? I know some of y'all think that I'm wasting your time. And I need to actually focus on the one little thing that you want. Please be aware that this information is extremely valuable to you. Right. Now. Here's why. Because the number one thing and this is what I've been getting to for the last 30 minutes, the number one thing that has grown my business that has built any successful coaching or mentorship business that I've seen, is that consistency to show up. When it seems like everything is against you, when it seems like nothing is going your way. You know, I had made an investment in a stock some y'all know about this stock, it's called PS Q H and I had made like $5,000 in it. Well, then I lost $20,000 My stock market account back in July again, why am I sharing this because it's important for you to understand this. Another trigger for me was losing a large sum of money.

[435:25] Sunil 07973782389: Number five,

[436:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: correlated to increased income was also losing a large sum of money. So my stock market account in July, right before we bought our house was $29,000. And I lost $21,000. I'm showing you right here 8000. In the stocks count, I haven't added anything to it. I got blacklisted from being able to trade stocks because my account value dropped below 25,000. I wasn't able to trade guess what today, I'm now able to trade, I got creative, I figured out how to get out of the restrictions. I created a brand new account. Kinda like some of y'all losing your facebook ads account or them shutting your pixel down. Sometimes you just gotta roll with the punches, create a new account, create something new. It's the consistency to show up and listen, as this is all happening. You'll have people scrutinizing you criticizing you telling you how what you're doing is wrong, or your own brain will do it, your own brain will tell you that you're on the wrong path that you're not doing everything right that oh, look, your pattern is happening. This pattern happens when you hit rock bottom, I'll tell you this, every time I hit rock bottom, by the way, in my life. It kinda was like a stock ticker. So it was like a big high. And then I would hit a low but I would never go as low as before I hit that. And then I would go higher. And then I would usually bounce off of my previous low or high right here. And then up here, that high, bounce down to here. So I'm telling you like, we're still the trend line, even when I feel like I've hit my lowest low. Like I said in the last two months, I had been internally feeling like I've hit my lowest low. I have had dozens of people coming after me telling me that I need to shut my business down. That we're that we have no right to be in business, that we're one of the worst companies they've ever worked with. And they're not people who are actually in our accelerator program. These are all people that have been on my my they've not even been a VIP on my free calls. These are comments coming in from people that have seen my Facebook ads that are competitors. Isn't that funny? My competitors are actually the ones that are telling me to shut things down. I wonder if they have an ulterior motive for doing so. Does that make sense? And I got to thinking that I wonder if they're using AI to trigger me to try to tell me all the stuff that I'm doing wrong to try to tell me What needs to change? I wonder if they're using AI to try to get me knocked off track. I'll tell you this, whatever it is in your life that can knock you off track will try to. As you start growing as you start building a successful businesses, and this isn't a scare any of you listen, I get it. Some of y'all again, you got a standard of I will not do anything that removes my piece. If that is your standard, great, awesome, continue that but realize that at some moment in time, as you take on and adopt a growth mindset, as you start growing, as you start doing things you're going to have to come face to face with things that you ran away from before, you're going to have to learn to become resilient in things that you haven't done before, in things that tried to knock you off track before. That's why we have a program like this. That's why we have these trainings. That's why we have the courses and the lessons that are in the in the membership program, you know, you guys have access to the courses that are a part of the accelerator, right here in the in the back end, if we if we log in here we got the fix the pixel clarity course. Like I just this past week, did a training all about installing the pixel on your initial landing page. And I actually edited this by signing up with multiple platforms. I go through multiple different platforms how to do this, we're gonna work on configuring the pixel this next week. Okay, we got we got courses on sales copywriting, we are adding in these checklists to all the courses for you, okay. So you don't need to be stuck. If you don't understand something or something is, is new for you, or things like that we have access to those courses realize that you have access to way more resources today than people who were building multimillion dollar businesses 15 years ago. And things are a lot easier today. Because you have access to the accelerator here to ask me questions. The the, and I understand some of y'all feel like I'm not answering your question. I take certain days to answer those questions. I have a structure and boundaries as to when I answer questions when I log in and read certain things. Why because that keeps me mentally sharp. You know, if you're somebody who automatically responds to every little emergency that pops up all the time, if you're somebody who constantly is getting pulled over here and pulled over here and pulled over here, that behavior is not going to serve you in building a business. And the funny part is that if you're expecting other people to be that way to immediately respond to every little thing that comes up every little trigger that comes up and things like that, that behavior is not going to help you move forward to be successful learning to regulate the internal emotional dialogue the thoughts the triggers, the things that try to get you knocked off track will help you be more successful and it's the consistency of doing this it's the consistency of you don't just regulate your emotions one time some days I have to do it every day. Why? Because I had I had childhood trauma and and abuse that I had to deal with that wired my brain as a kid to where what I do today I shouldn't be able to do I should just focus in on writing code I've had people tell me Jeremiah you know you got such a skill set and Facebook ads and computer science and stuff like that maybe you should just stay in your lane instead of playing pretend coach that somebody told me that this week maybe should just stay in your lane instead of pretending like you know how to help people and feeding your narcissistic savior complex of building a coaching business and just do what what you're actually good at computer science stuff and Facebook ads. You know, again, I appreciate that scrutiny. I appreciate that criticism, but I'm gonna flush it down the toilet like the turd that it is. Yes, I said turned on you. Because it's not worth me taking that in and analyzing it and do I need to adjust what I'm doing is doing do I need to change how I'm building my business? Do I need to change what I'm doing because certain people believe that I shouldn't be doing what I'm doing. No Because I know that I know that I know that, that that's what the world society, if you want to call it if your spiritual like the enemy forces against you would want me to do to shut everything now. So I'm telling you one of the number one triggers for me at the low point is I have a lot of people being very critical of everything that I'm doing. And I take on this very critical, self critical nature. That's what I talked with my therapist about this last week, this very self critical nature, of being critical of myself and other people and learning that you know what, listen, that's how we had to be safe. Growing up, I had to take on more criticism than my parents had of my behavior so that I wouldn't get beaten. That's literally was my daily Mo. The Bible was used to terrify me of of going to hell. Every single day, I was terrified to have a bad thought, let alone do things that were bad. Perfectionism was considered God's plan for our life, and anything outside of perfection. was evil and wickedness is what I was trained. And so that gets into the mind of a four year old and a three year old. Who, yeah, I was reading books that three and four years old, I see my son Halston. My wife's like, Wow, he's so smart. And I'm like, well, you're pretty smart. I'm, I know a few things. You know, and I, I dealt with these things, and then I show up to build a business. And it seems like, I'm unqualified, I can't do it. Some of y'all are seeing me today. This is how impostor syndrome manifests for me. This is how imposter syndrome comes up in my life.

[595:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's different than it might be for you. It's different than it was five years ago, you know, five years ago, my imposter syndrome manifested this way. Oh, well, you're just you're just Sandy's. Oh, when people say your Sandy is savant son, who is smart and a few things, but you can never build a business because you never actually built anything before, which is funny. Because looking back, like it really was the day to day my mom and I've talked about this shit. That's why in my story, I share my testimony I shared in my track record that we built her business together because my mom was like, like, we're like, looking back, is I helped build that business to where it is today. And I own that fact. Even though people on the internet tell me Jeremiah, you know, you're just your mom's idiot son, who she felt bad for because he was so effed up in the head that she gave you a job to make you feel better so you wouldn't kill yourself. That's what people told me got told that last couple of years ago by a very successful multi millionaire Click Funnels two comma Club Award winner. That's funny. Guess what? He wrote me last week. Hey, how you doing? Jeremiah triggered me. After he told me all of that, well, your mom took pity on you. Because your idiot son and you never really did anything. This highly successful, verified financially successful millionaire triggered me that he wrote me guess what I ignored the email. I'm not going to write him back. Maybe he had maybe he wanted to come back and apologize. I don't really care. I don't have to comment back. I don't have to reply. Because when I do things like ignore that email or ignore this coming in, it helps me regulate my emotions. It helps me stay on track. It helps me show up at the highest level. It helps me be able to even talk with you today. If I don't set up my environment in my life to be able to set me up for success to help my mind be regulated. You know, I just got on a new health plan to bring my inflammation down to help with my gut health I know that that's gonna help tremendously and you know, my we did some testing we found my gut is in a constant sort of state of fight or flight because I am struggling to digest my food and that's why I eat really healthy and work out and and hold on to a lot of weight. You know, I'm literally doing everything perfectly on that side. And I hold on to a lot of weight. And so it's the digestion side of things. So like I understand a lot of the struggles that you guys are dealing with, they're just in different areas. You know, when I meet with my accountant, I feel so triggered, not because I'm doing anything wrong, not because there's anything wrong with it, but because, quote unquote, could I be better, and I'm being hard on myself, that I have such a creative brain. And I'm not necessarily in the counting brain, but that I'm different from somebody that might fall into that category. And that's and that self loathing, and that self criticism starts to eat away at us, if we let it. You got to become aware of these habits and these behaviors and listen, they happen on a cycle, they happen more often than not that we think of it happens for me. Most of the time, this starts to happen right around November till February. My major triggers. So I'm noticing and I'm aware of all of this, and you don't want to and you want to know why any of this matters to you. Because it's the consistency to show up. It's the consistency not to push through, I don't push through anything, isn't that interesting. I don't push through anything anymore. Some, some of you all that might offend you, I understand that that's your way of doing stuff pushing through it. It's not healthy, there's a better way, learning to regulate those emotions, learning to calm the inner storm, learning the calm then inner chaos for a moment so that you can have clarity, and make better decisions not out of emotion, like my 12 month old son, but as the CEO of my company, and it's the consistency to show up to put offers out there I can look at if I consistently promote offers, I will see a growth trajectory in my business. If I take a month or two off of consistently showing up and ends up pushing me back to the start. This is why some of y'all might put an offer out and might not see the same results. But if you just did two or three offers after that, they would compound upon each other, but you gave up after the first one you gave up after the second one. So understand that this is all part of that. You know what the you know, the cost of doing a lot of these marketing things yourself, if you were to do them all yourself, would cost you 10s of 1000s of dollars to hire an agency for it. You can learn how to lead a team you can learn how to hire somebody overseas to do different things. It doesn't have to be as complicated as we make it. And now with AI with chat GPT with the artificial intelligence, we're able to use chat GPT to actually dialogue with a very intelligent agent whether you use chat GBT, sometimes I'll use Google Bard, because it's Google's version. Whether you're using YouTube videos, by the way, what YouTube ranks and shows you on YouTube is an AI algorithm that decides what to show you. We've been using AI for years using YouTube and Google and learning how to look up the answers to things when we might get stuck. And so that's one of those skill sets that I really would like you to learn to adopt is learning to ask chat GPT when you're stuck on something. You know, I love the questions that come into the Facebook group. I love the questions that come in on these calls. This isn't to tell you to stop asking questions. I had somebody tell me the other day well, so you're telling me to stop asking you questions. And it could have just said it straight to my face. I'm like, Okay, that's a trigger that what I said might have triggered that response. The AI is helpful to be able to do this. You being able to ask the right questions is helpful. But like, learn how to ebb and flow and balance and get your questions answered through different avenues. Whether it be AI, you're asking the question of the artificial intelligence, whether it be Google bird, whether it be Googling it, whether it be using Bing whether it be using YouTube, looking up answers to different questions and starting to get comfortable doing this. And when you start to get that emotional dysregulation of the fear and the worry, oh, no, I don't know what to do next, learning how to hold back temporarily. And it could just be 30 minutes to calm the emotions internally so that you can stay consistent so that you can keep showing up so that that thing that didn't go how you want it to doesn't derail you for two weeks, or two years or I see happened to a lot of people. I don't think anybody who's in this group is going to get derailed for years. But you know what, one of the common questions I get from people, as a lot of people, they'll join this program, and they'll tell me, Jeremiah feel so embarrassed, I got all excited to join. I didn't show up on any of the calls. And now I just can't even show my face. I'm sure you, you hate me, you think I'm terrible, you. And I'm just like, all that level of pressure that we put on ourselves, to have to be perfect to have to do everything perfect. You're not going to show up perfectly all the time in your business. You know, today, I wish that I was able to show up just a little bit better for you here today. Is it justifiable for me to shut my business down? Some of you might think it is. That's your opinion. It's not to me. It's not justifiable for me to shut my business down, simply because I have a rough couple of weeks, or a rough couple of days or a rough morning with the internet going out. And then we had a toilet issue. A toilet was backing up literally like 10 minutes before I had to jump on this call. And I'm the one who deals with the toilets. Does it like like does that you understand what I'm saying? Like, we can't let what's going on, that's not going our way, quote unquote, how we want it to get us into the emotional storm, to where now everything is so difficult and so hard, and I can't move forward. And I just I give up. It doesn't have to defeat you like that. And I understand that that might be your pattern that might be all that you know. And what I'm saying right now might be very offensive to you. What I'm saying right now might be might seem completely lacking empathy care, or, and you might even think somebody in my position should never say the things that I just said, I understand if that's your opinion, okay, I understand completely.

[756:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if I didn't say these things, because this is the real stuff, that's gonna take you from Oh, I got a little idea that make a course, oh, I want to make a few income, a few dollars, with a couple of YouTube videos, oh, I'm struggling to make my sales copy. Oh, the Facebook pixel is not working. This is the stuff Oh, I can't pick what topic to put out there for my social media. This is the stuff that's going to help you make better decisions. It's going to help you gain the clarity that you need. Lack of clarity is really the number one reason why we take we have a gap between our ideas and our actions. This is a lack of clarity on how to go from idea to action. And one of the biggest things is that you could literally go through all the courses, I could literally tell you all the things to do. But if our brain is operating out of either memory, it's trying to avoid things. It's in a trigger. It's not quite understanding that yet we're only we're only going to hear the one part that our brain can really focus on. And it's going to seem like everybody's out to get us nothing is going our way nothing is going to come together well. Everything is breaking everything is failing. And then that starts to tell us the message of I'm not good enough I should just give up but it's not true. It's not true. And that's not me trying to gaslight you to try to change your reality that's not it at all. What is create what's happening is your own brain is trying to gaslight you about a projected reality, and a story that it's making up about what's going on around you while you're trying to build your funnel while you're trying to write your sales copy. While you're trying to do your presentation. You want to know where it shows up. For me the strongest is public speaking, is teaching is recording a webinar is doing a training all the other stuff actually comes really easy to me actually delivering the webinar is where I've struggled the most. And so the only way that I can show up consistently to deliver I think they're really great webinars. I listen, I listened through I listened back through each one. It helps me really kind of get the content in me so that I know how to serve our audience fast. I actually record my content, and then I will listen back through my recorded content. That was a super uncomfortable thing for me years ago, because I was so judgmental of myself, and it would trigger me into being very self loathing and self hating and self punishing. Now I listen back through my own content so that it gets deeper inside of me. You know, I had somebody tell me Jeremiah, that means you're a psychopath, you know that. It means that you're somebody who just likes to listen to their voice and don't really care about other people, you know, you really should get that checked. And by the way, be careful letting people know that publicly, because they might call the cops on you or even CPS to take your your son away, because they're worried about him being around a person that operates and thinks that way. I've been told that I've had people tell me that that's an even share what I'm sharing with you, puts my family at risk. And yet, if I didn't share this, this is the real stuff that culturally, people don't feel like they can talk about, or they should talk about. And yet, it's the stuff that creates the most amount of breakthrough. When it comes to you being successful as a business owner. I've been in rooms with people that are making 10s of millions of dollars every single month. And they don't struggle with this stuff. I've been in rooms with people that are making, they just crossed six figures. And it's because they started to do the things that I'm sharing with you here today. One of the biggest things that stops us from being successful as a coach and mentor and marketing our business and getting clients and closing sales is thinking that we have to be perfect, and I can't show up until I'm perfect. And I can't put myself out there until I know that I'm going to produce 100% results. With every person who joins me Listen, I've heard that one. Well, you shouldn't be a coach unless you can produce 100% results in 100% of people who buy from you. I'm not codependent ly responsible for somebody else's breakthrough. If they're operating in a way that can't hear what I'm saying, I will do my very best to show up at the highest quality possible. And again, I'm saying this as i because these are beliefs that I believe that if you adopt these in your life, if you adopt these in your business, if you start thinking if you start operating this way, if you start doing things, if you start taking action in these things. It will help you to be more successful. Again, we're not taking questions right now. We're not we're not doing the q&a Right now we're gonna be doing the q&a. Or anything, when I'm done with this training right here, okay? I get it. The technology stuff can be hard, can make you bang your head against the wall, it can make you cry. You know, my things that I deal with are different than maybe they might be for you. I deal with this when I have to show up and publicly speak. I deal with this when I when I lost when I launch a Facebook ads campaign, I actually go through a lot of the same emotions that many of you do as well. The worry, the fear is this going to work out. But I've learned how to push the buttons still, and launch them. Even with that to stay consistent to keep showing up. I'm not waiting until I feel perfect. Like everything feels perfect. It's not always going to feel perfect. I apologize if that's what it sounds like I'm saying that you need to wait until everything feels perfect in order for you to show up. What I'm saying is that you we need to take control of what we can control and keep moving forward life is hard enough. Without learning some of these tactics to control the inner dialogue, control the inner pain continue to control the inner back and forth feelings and emotions and things feeling like we're getting triggered. And and. And so we have to learn to not let those things derail us that when things don't go how they want that went out, we launch a campaign and it doesn't produce as many leads as we want when we've invested a few $100 into testing our campaign. Now, when we're feeling like Oh, I'm just struggling to stop from crying because this is so hard to get my sales copy written. It's part of the process that you're growing through. And there's always usually some belief or some trigger behind that type of behavior that we need to find that's beneath the surface. Then we need to look at how is this preventing me from showing up at a much more powerful state. The reason I'm sharing this for you is because you're going to be able to show up far more if effectively when we can learn to not let what goes on outside of us, get us knocked off track, when we can learn to not let what's going on around us, get us off of saying consistent get us derailed get us mentally down, get us mentally in the pit of Aw, I just can't recover. You know, I dealt with that I would have months where I would just be depressed. And I would deal with this depression. And it's funny I had, I had a lot of judgment against people that were depressed for a while, I feel really weird saying that because I dealt with depression, and so did my mom. But this was something that my therapist and I uncovered in the last week that my judgment towards people who deal with depression was actually preventing me from admitting the moments when I felt depressed in the last couple of weeks, I have had moments of depression that I haven't felt in five years. That's what I say, when I hit the lowest point. It's these moments of real like actual depression going through it. And, and while going through it, simultaneously hosting a five day intensive, while simultaneously having some of the best sales that we've ever had in our business while simultaneously seeing things come together. While I'm simultaneously having all these different triggers, like I mentioned, getting me knocked off track,

[903:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: learning to stay consistent learning to trust the process, trusting that each step is going to move us upward with our growth mindset that even if we get knocked off track, even if Facebook blocks our ads account, our blocks our pixel or tells us that we can't do this are we Gosh, our whole website gets taken down our WordPress site gets taken down. Realizing that it's not the end of the world, that it's not the end of things, it's just another chapter in the process of reaching our goals. And again, I understand there may be some of you right now who what I've said today just pisses you off more than anything else. Jeremiah, you're just telling me to positively bypass my feelings. And I'm not telling you to possibly bypass anything, feel it, and then learn to move on quicker, shorten the amount of time that it takes for you to process and resolve some of these things on a day to day basis. Okay, I understand grieving things takes time, it took me a while to grieve that pain. I would say it took me the last five years to grieve the pain of the life that I thought that I would live when I first got married. There was a version of my life that I envisioned when I first got married. I was working for my mom. And I've had to grieve that version of my life dying. And the new version is here, which is better, more aligned with my dreams and my vision and my goals. But it's not how I thought everything would go. It's not how everything has always gone for me. It had a different script, it had a different process. Oh, and guess what now we throw a baby in there that shook things up like crazy. Learning to stay consistent to show up, that you don't have to show up perfect that everything doesn't have to be perfectly aligned in your life. In order for you to be able to show up to impact people in order for you to be successful. One of the best things that I can say for you when it comes to technology is technology is very interesting because you can learn everything and still not learn anything. If you can, and I actually wrote this down, actually use chat TPT to help me go through some of this right here. I'm gonna let me let me pull up the screen. I'm gonna show you right here. Because I want to be transparent when I'm using chat GPT to even teach inside this group, right? Give me a five step process to not be so overwhelmed by tech as a 50 something year old trying to create an online business and I get stuck and don't do anything. And I have a custom instruction right here. You are an expert coach to beginner business owners in online marketing and sales space, you help them create courses and coaching programs. So it says right here, start with a clear plan. This is why I talk so much about getting clarity on building your offer. Having the offer is really what puts that clarity together. That's what creates that clarity. But here's the problem. We can get addicted to the planning process to where we start over clarifying. So that's what I would say to this be very careful to not over plan, plan just enough that you have action points, and then move forward. And this is really what I agree with the most. Learn the basics, learn the essential tech tools, you don't have to learn all of them learn one part, and get really comfortable with that one part of the technology, trying to learn all of it before you do anything is not going to help you. Now I understand maybe in your life and other parts of your life in other areas of your life, maybe that's what you've needed to be successful. Understand that in this business in this industry, that that, that you're going to have to get out of that comfort zone of needing to learn everything all at once. And just learn what you need to implement right away. And then it's implementing step by step, take it one piece at a time. You don't need a whole elaborate website. You know, I had somebody tell me, she was on my free calls. And she said, Jeremiah, you know, the fact that I can't access chat GPT plus, because they closed down enrollment, and the fact that I don't have a perfect website, it's going to take me a year before I can even launch an offer. And I told her listen, you don't need to have a perfect website. Oh, and by the way, you can go over to pogo.com and get access to use poll to be able to use GPT four right here. You can use dally three right here. Okay. And so like, but her whole thing was, well, I can't move forward because, you know, quote, unquote, I don't have the ability to use chat GBT plus, and so I can't do this. Instead of realizing maybe if I asked for help, maybe if I asked the question, maybe if I don't stay stuck, but actually get the help from somebody who can help me. And that's where Step number three is, seek the support that you need. Start asking for help start asking questions. If you're stuck, find somebody to help you find somebody who can guide you. And then lastly, learn how to manage your time here's one of the biggest things is that oftentimes, if we don't put a focus on our time, it will start to disappear from us, it will start to escape us, it will start to go everywhere. And so sometimes we have to be very intentional. You know, there's a man that I met a couple years ago, he told me, he's actually in this program right now. He's not on this call right now, though, but maybe he'll see this. He told me Jeremiah, you know, I'm really killer in corporate America. But because I don't have a boss micromanaging my time, I can't seem to stay focused. And I'm like, like, that's an area that you might need to grow into where you don't need somebody's pain or punishment, looking over your shoulder to manage your time type of a thing. This is an area of growing out of that mindset and growing into what's going to help you be successful that we need to shift that we need to change that we need to adjust. I truly believe every single one of you who's in here, this program can start to gain breakthrough in these areas that you can start to become more resilient. When things don't always go how you want them to let you can start to get better at the basics. You don't got to figure it all out, you don't got to figure out all of the steps of the technology. It's not going to increase your bottom line to make all of those perfect. It's not. It's not at all. Many times technology is more of a distraction than not, you know, I saw somebody launch a landing page using a Google Doc and then the Google doc linked to a MailChimp link to sign up with the name and email address. That's a way to market your business and you can't put the pixel on there. But you might be able to have an initial page that links to that or things like that. You could send that out in an email, things like that. Start to ask for help when you need help.

[1025:32] Speaker 1: start to

[1026:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: get really clear on where are you stuck. And this is why using chat GBT, like I don't say this to actually avoid you asking questions. Some some some of y'all might think that the reason why I'm telling you to use our GPT and the Google so that I don't have to answer so many questions. That is the last thing at all. And it's so not even rooted in reality that like that opinion. I like is slightly offensive to me. The reason why I tell you to get better at using Google and using YouTube and using chat GBT is you'll get better at actually asking the real deeper questions when you're stuck. You'll get better at showing up in the group to ask questions when you're stuck, because it's going to inspire when you get one question answer. It's going to inspire a chain reaction of additional questions answered. And so when instead of you anytime you have The question if you're stuck, you don't just stay stuck, you get it solved when something's not working, how you want it to start to adopt this mindset that everything is solvable, that you can learn new things to solve problems to solve areas where you might be stuck. It's you don't have to stay stuck at any moment in time in your business. That you can get the help that you need that you can get the questions answered. And that right now, today, going into 2024, we have more resources at our disposal to answer every question at any moment that we might be stuck in our business, and getting clients and coaching people and creating content. And any aspect that you can ever imagine. If you just start being consistent, to show up, to use those resources, to your advantage, to utilize, how you can get those questions answered. To utilize how you can start to get those problems solved for you. You don't have to stay stuck. It's a choice to be stuck. And I tell people that all the time on my social media, it's a choice to be stuck. And they say Jeremiah, you don't know my socio economic situation. Jeremiah, you don't know what I'm going through Jeremiah, you don't know what I've been through Jeremiah, you're just a rich asshole Dick who has no gauge of reality for people. And I'm like, No, listen, like I actually do understand. And I've reverse engineer this to realize that the only reason we stay stuck is because we're choosing to the only reason that we don't move forward as we have made a choice to stay in our comfort zone. But if you start to become consistent to start to come out of that comfort zone to ask for help when you need to, to ask for the questions. You don't have to be stuck, you don't have to stay stuck. You don't have to struggle. You don't have to strive or deal with things not going your way or things like that. Things are solvable. The process is solvable. And things can get better and improve. And they will I truly believe it. For every single person that lives here, when you learn to become more resilient, when you learn to like, Oh, I did a webinar or somebody got me now I'm scared on the couch afraid to launch my next ads because of that, solve for that. Solve for whatever has got you derailed solve for whatever has you stuck in that moment. Outside of building a business. This is actually I've seen content on social media like this is actually considered very toxic advice to give people, you'll see social media content that completely basically refutes everything that I've said here today. Why because 99% of the population isn't building a business. But if you're that, or I don't know how many percent of the population is maybe 10% are building a business. If you're that five to 10%, that's building a business, you're gonna have to operate different than general advice for the rest of the world goes. You don't have to stay stuck. You don't have to stay where you are. You don't have to stay in the same cycles that have previously derailed you. And you can solve for any issue that you're in, if you choose to. All right. So again, today is our live training day. We have q&a After this live training right here that we that we go through that we process through. We take the q&a live when people raise their hand on here. That's what we're doing now is we're going to be taking some q&a here at the end of this training right now. And we can either talk about what I talked about here. You can you can cuss me out if you want to, that's fine. Um, you can have me go over your sales letter. You can have me go over your copy. You can have a look at your offer. Anything goes as far as there's like there's not rules. I know. The number one thing I hear from people Jeremiah, I don't want to bother you. I don't want to overwhelm you with too many questions. Please ask the questions. Please ask the question. What's up Sue? How are you?

[1115:36] Sue McGarvie: Hey, Jeremiah, listen. Firstly, thank you for the feedback on my site. I caught the small tiny error that was driving me mental and you caught it right away. And so I think you're I think you're awesome, so don't appreciate it. Yeah, you know, I

[1119:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: have way more people that say that they think I'm awesome. And then not it's just that my brain for some reason always, you know thinks about it. I only share that because I want everybody in here to realize like that that might happen to them and there's a way out of it. Yeah,

[1123:12] Sue McGarvie: it's again, it's I'm a shrink so I see it I it's not it's not my thing. And I'm anyway, I have a whole lot of thoughts on on what you talked about professionally, but we're not that's not what it's here for everybody else. I. So I have I've got hired a new guy, my Bangladeshi guy disappeared on an Aquarius, so I got a new Bangladeshi guy to work on my pixels. And I fixed some of my landing page. And so my question is about, like you mentioned in your, in your training, right now that you use a bunch of different pixels for a bunch of different sites, I've kind of got the two, you know, the two legs of my business. One is about being, you know, for singles, because it's such a huge growth. And the other is what I've done for 30 years, which is sex and relationships. I need kind of two different pixels for two different businesses. Do you do that? Are you to keep it all in one? How do you manage that? Yeah,

[1136:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: if they are two different businesses, you will want to have two separate pixels. For each, I guess, business focus, like kind of niche or group of people, you'll use as a separate one as far as that goes. But I only use one pixel for my site, what I was sharing was in the Facebook pixel clarity course, that I have people who come in this program, they say, Hey, I have this platform, I have this platform, I have this one. So I went through, and I just showed how to install it on various platforms, because somebody might have WordPress, but then another person might be using AWeber, or another person might be using MailChimp, or go high level. So in this training, I go through all those different platforms in here, specifically, to show how to do that. And I think it's actually valuable to kind of see how it works these different platforms, because they really all work, the same, yet different from each other. But they all have things labeled in certain ways that are similar. And it's nice to see how, if you're learning one platform, how some of that knowledge can translate to others as well.

[1155:02] Sue McGarvie: Okay, I haven't I've done your zoom training, I've done your your, all your landing page training, I've done all your start here training, I've done all your other, but I haven't done pixels, because I thought that's going to be it's going to make my head explode. I'm gonna hire that out. But I think you need to know enough to know, a little bit. So I will sit through it.

[1160:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think it'll be helpful, how it's broken down.

[1161:25] Sue McGarvie: Okay, I really do appreciate you doing the checklists, because sometimes I've just, you know, yeah,

[1163:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's cool. It was a great idea. Focus

[1163:49] Sue McGarvie: in on what we need. And so because it's it's it's just I'm keep throwing mud, hoping some of its going to stick. And and I'm hopeful that, that all of this is getting narrower, a little more

[1167:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: much more than just mud, though, because you got your group and the success that you've had over there.

[1168:45] Sue McGarvie: Oh, you know, in that stuff, is that stuff I know, it's, it's leveraging. Its leveraging people I don't know, like I had an event on the weekend for 500. People like I can do that. Yeah, it's the, it's this crazy text of getting out of my community, like I'm a household name in my city. Great. But I like this. I like anybody who's in my my head, I'm only three degrees of separation from to do the next piece. And that's where I was struggling. There's

[1176:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: something that I used to teach. I haven't taught it in a while. Because it like it went over like 99% of people's heads. But I'm wondering if this might be helpful for you right now, because of your unique experience in there. No, Cassandra didn't get I did not kick you off of here. I didn't answer your question. I will take your question here. Um, maybe your internet went out or something like that. As far as that goes? We've been having a few issues with that. But we'll take your question here in just a moment. Um, it's realizing that people on the internet are the same people as are in your own city. They just live in different places, but they're all people. Yeah.

[1188:05] Sue McGarvie: And it's just accessing them. It's that piece. As I said, I think I do what I do. Well, I just, I'm just feeling like, I have to break out of this. And it's not a belief. It's the it's the it's not the geography. It's, How do I think if I get the ads going, I think I'm away. Yeah. I have a new site that I've been working on for literally four years of tech problems and stuff that's coming out. Oh, yeah. Like I just I just did, you know, a whole bunch of international media on it. Like, if it goes, it'll go great. I just need ways to access as you said, the people out in the internet and finding those perfect people repelling the ones that don't and attracting the ones that do and that's struggle. And you know, I'm looking at I looking at LinkedIn, there was a course on doing both ads and organic, which is tying your social media feeds to your landing pages. So I'm looking at all of the different stuff to see how I can leverage it. Because that that's where I'm stuck. I just feel like I'm being held back. And I said, once I break through and can be seen by more people who are interested in what I do, then I think it's gonna go.

[1208:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have this, like, this is what you do right here in this square. And you got people that are in here, already. The the people that are out here that you haven't met yet are have the same goals and desires as the ones who are already in here.

[1213:49] Sue McGarvie: So there's a point, yeah, it's a pain point, I get it. So

[1214:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's just it's about really finding these people that you haven't met yet, that are the same as these people.

[1216:31] Sue McGarvie: That's what I'm looking for. That's That's my that is honestly, Jeremiah, that's why I signed up. Anybody else? You said something in one of your five day courses? That said exactly that. And that is what sold me? Yeah, I want to know how you do. And I keep I keep feeling like I'm biting around the edges of it. And I haven't bit the cookie yet. So you're looking for the cookie,

[1222:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's about I think there's about a million people that exist in the world, that will be very similar to the ones you've already connected with.

[1224:48] Sue McGarvie: I would agree with you. And

[1225:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's like a low estimate. I mean, you know, I, what we want to do, though, is we want to figure out, how do we get them from being unknown, because you don't know them either, right? They don't know you, you don't know them. They're unknown out here in social media land. And then we bring them into the stuff that you're doing right here. And so this can be organic content, if the organic content goes out there more. But you would still use like a landing page and some way to get them on your email list. Because that's really the first step is getting them on that email list, getting them signing up to something where you're getting their, their contact information. Yep. So that's where instead of trying to bring people into like a paid course, I always try to just start with the email list. And then we, those people end up finding out about the paid course. Alright, the people that are on the Facebook ads, they're the same people as good organic content as well. They're the same people that are out there. But what you get to do with the ads is that the algorithm will actually show it to the right people at scale, and you can basically just by spending more money to show it to more people by doing that. And so that's kind of the the difference of that. So what part of that, like that, do you think is the biggest sticking point for you?

[1250:15] Sue McGarvie: Well, again, I haven't, you know, like, there were little things like it's been a whole like, to me, it feels like a like a swarm of mosquitoes, little stuff, like you caught something, there was a problem with one of my with my just like, like, it was like a letter on my URL that had to get fixed at the AWeber level. So I was on the phone with them this morning, there was like little pieces, I haven't been able to get the you know, I get the Facebook pixel going, and then Facebook shuts me down, I get a bunch of things going all at the same time. And it's not it hasn't I said I see it, I just have to get the bugs out of it. And so I think I'm stuck in the weeds a little bit with the bugs. And I'm just trying to get through each of them squat as many as I can, so that it can go I got all spend money on it. It's I just I don't want to spend bad money on it. Because you know, and I you know, so a grumble about that. And partly because I'm Canadian, and it's 40% More for me to buy anything. It's also but I just need some of it too, to work. And it's little tiny things that have bogged me down and I'm just I get frustrated with all that.

[1270:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: The that's why so like I say the sales part of it. I think that once people are in front of you, you do really good at selling them already. You already know that. And so it's just getting these people in front of you in general. And connecting this dot right here from an ad to them joining your email list and then in here you got like you said all these like weeds and bugs and stuff like this. If we can get really clear on what those are that can be solved is getting clear on okay, what are these things, and also realizing that for whether it's the same for somebody else or not, for some reason these bugs and weeds are like are part of your business journey versus somebody else's. And that that for some reason in, in the cards that have been dealt to you in building a coaching business, you're dealing with these issues. And they're unique to you as far as that goes. Does that make sense?

[1289:02] Sue McGarvie: Yep, it does. And I just have to tackle them one at a time. And your pep talk helped. You know, so if there's anything I can do to support you, you let me know, because I will send you all my therapy hacks to see if you start getting Oh, yeah. But realize that it's so that if you, you know, because again, it's I love your training, and some but sometimes I'm thinking I'm in this weird space, and I'm sure you've seen it before, is how do you you know, how do you do and I, I'm, I want to do what I do well, and outsource the rest. But I need to know enough to project manage what I'm outsourcing. Right?

[1299:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. Yeah. Yes, I think you're I think you're definitely getting there. As far as like the project management outsource part of things go, I'm learning. The other thing too is if your project manager is somebody, you can give them the login to go through some of the courses too, as well. Okay, so you could give them your your login at their part of your team. And that's actually what I've done is a lot of people I've outsourced to I tell them, Okay, I'm gonna pay you for four hours to watch this course. And they, and they got it right away, as soon as they did that, because they were understanding what I was asking them to do much better as far as that goes. So that's one also kind of alternative that I like to do is making a small investment in helping educate the people that I'm hiring, instead of me walking them through that process. Again, it's recorded as well. Okay. So that's, that's another that's one other thing. I think that as that has helped. Alright, I know that you're, I know that you're because I see your stuff all over all over the place organically on social media, too. I've seen it like, all the fun stuff that you're doing. And it's like, people need what you're doing. They do that, like like that. And they want it, they don't just need it, they want it to they desire it. There's people that want what you're helping people with. And so like, your, your messaging is amazing. On your landing page, like your sales copy is a really good, thank you. Like as a starting point, like all of that is really good. It's just getting it in front of those people, and dialing in the ads set up in the ads manager part of things goes, making sure that the like the targeting is and then here's a question I have for you do you? Do you have? Do you have a Facebook page or Instagram that that has a lot of engagement or people on it already organically? Okay, can you create a look alike audience of all those people? I

[1334:18] Sue McGarvie: don't know. I will ask my Pixel guy. I don't. Honestly, I my skills in those areas are not good enough to you know to do? That

[1336:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: would be the question because that's what I would. That's what I would target. I would start by not you trying to target stuff on Facebook, but rather like create an audience based off of who's already visited your website? Well, they shut down the pixel. So that's interesting. But you have do you have your social media content, who's visited your page, or your Instagram, in the last year, basically, if anybody engaged with you in the last year, and it was somewhat related to what you're doing now, you can have them create an audience of those people a to re show your ad to so that brings that cost way down. And then you can also create a look alike. That's the AI that's similar to those people.

[1348:17] Sue McGarvie: Have you ever bought Tiktok ads? I have. I have 500,000 people follow me on tick tock.

[1349:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have if you have that many Tiktok ads are also really good, too. There's actually a tick tock ads course in the members area.

[1351:56] Sue McGarvie: I haven't seen it. Okay, I will look at

[1352:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: that. Yeah, so that's also in there too. And tick the tick tock ads manager, they cloned the Facebook Ads Manager. It's almost identical, like same kind of same kind of I'm not gonna swear Yeah, it is the same. Yes, that you have to go through. You know, they simplified it a little bit though. They took all the simple stuff and that's all they offered. Okay. So they made it actually a little bit simpler on tick tock. The one nuance is that when I ran an ad, I had to actually upload the video to my tic tock public Li, and then make it private. And then I had to go into a setting in my account to say that I could use it as an ad. Okay, so yeah, I was I was getting some leads through tick tock, but I found that I was just getting better leads through, I think your niche, tick tock would actually be pretty good. Okay,

[1364:37] Sue McGarvie: I'm gonna, I'm gonna start it. So these are all

[1365:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: like little little things that we can solve for. And maybe like, next week, it'll be less of a headache

[1367:46] Sue McGarvie: for everyone. I'll take your pics, of course, I'm going to sit through it. And I'll sit through your tic tac one this week. And we can talk Same time, same channel next week, and I'll let you know what's going on. All

[1370:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, awesome. Awesome. Thanks, Jeremiah. Yeah, Denise, what's up? Denise? How are you? I'm great. How

[1372:12] Denise: are you? Good. Sorry, I'm trying to get on video here. Okay. Um, so I was kind of in process analysis for a little bit when we started. Analysis, paralysis can be dyslexic sometimes. But I'm working through this. And so I just decided to keep it as simple as I possibly could. And just get out there. And so what I have is a sales letter, because what I'm just gonna start doing is doing some Facebook ads for free webinars, but the VIP like, kind of when you do it, we just started getting some email leads in and you based on kind of like how I'm talking. The stuff that I'm successful at right now is dealing with issues with my clients, right? So if I can go out and just make like a webinar about that. That's what keeps my referrals. That's what keeps people coming to me. And it's what I know. And it it actually is gotten me into action. Like there's a magnetic video guy working on videos right now actually recorded videos. I've got my sales order done. I'm like, actually an action. So I'm excited about that. And so I have a sales letter here. It's I just have a couple little ones, but I wanted to look at him and give me some ideas on like, how I can make them better or?

[1395:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. Let's do that. What do I do? I don't know what to do. Just put the link in the chat real quick. Well link, the the sales letter URL link.

[1398:24] Denise: Oh, I guess I don't have a you don't have like

[1399:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: to share your screen on a computer. Yeah. Sure. Yep. Yeah, you click on Share Screen and then there you go. All right. Still have your bank info, but

[1404:04] Denise: he's worrying about or you're gonna see my desktop

[1405:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's really embarrassed. Oh, yeah. Mine is mine. It's cluttered.

[1406:35] Denise: And then before I know it, it's like,

[1407:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you see him too? Yeah, no, I see. I see the copy. Are you done with feeling fake in your life story? Sick to death, the inner critic round and picture this? Are you okay? Scroll down. Yep. So again, this is good. I would call like second tier copy. Okay. And so like, it's actually like, it's almost there. But it needs a really good hook and headline. Okay. So like the hook and headline is kind of like, you know, once they conquer impostor syndrome, what does like brimming with confidence owning every part of their journey and flourishing in their career look like, and we want to get creative, both visually. And I was going to show you guys a resource for how to create some visuals, there's a new, there's a new resource that just popped up where you can sort of do a combination of even painting to create graphics and stuff like that. And that's really cool. Um, but also the words that we use, we want to paint a picture of, what does that look like? What does it look like to? What's that dream that that person has that we're looking to reach here? Because, well, this is where this copy is really dives into the weeds of kind of what the process that you're going to walk them through is, it's very valuable. But unfortunately, somebody who needs this is going to be kind of turned off by how the language is written here. So that's, that's, that's part of it, is. We want this language to be more inviting, enticing, dare I say? I mean, there's not a better word for it, but seductive, even in some ways, to where it's like it seduces it triggers the minds thought thoughts and feelings of the person that we're looking to reach to where they become excited. And they can actually feel like a level of excitement at finding what you found within the first 10 seconds of landing and reading the sales copy. So that's, that's what good a good sales page does for the right person is it creates that excitement, it creates that like that feeling of, I've just found what I've been looking for. And so right now, again, this also is leading with a lot of the negative that they're trying to avoid. So we got a lot of the pain points in here. But we don't have as much of the dream future. The future pacing as far as that goes, and so a lot of writing good sales copy. And my my mom was one of the big ones who really taught me this. This reads like a sales letter that I would have written 10 years ago, okay, because I would have written the sales letter like this. And then my mom would come in and be like, No, this is all negative, you got to lead with the positive and you got to turn this into positive statements, as far as that goes, and then do a sort of a dance between the positive and negative, and in the language that's used, and then you have a headline that's about the dream outcomes, like the dream outcome. I wrote a sales letter like this 10 years ago. And if I show you and I tell these stories, why don't I just show you there real quick stop sharing? Yeah, here is because I know I can show you right here are real change.com. I think it was Ford slash blog forward slash Facebook ads. think this was it? No, that wasn't it? Was it? Is it here? 2015. I think there was one earlier than that, though. Maybe it was. Maybe it was 2015. I thought it was 2014. Well, here was a Facebook ads class that we we promoted. And I wrote the copy of like, you know, are you tired of struggling with your ads and not producing results about that. And my mom was like, that's gonna trigger them into all the stuff that they're trying to avoid. And we did a combination of the two. It's an exciting time as you go into the ads manager, you get to do this, how exciting. How to write better ads, attract the right clients and sell more products on Facebook for $10 a day. So this was our first Facebook ads class. But then it goes into the negative not so fast speed racer, I've been doing this since the 90s. And I want to help you get better results to save all kinds of money. Let's see, save you all kinds of and help you run a real business doing ads with a tiny budget. And so really leading with what is those positive outcomes right here? What's the goal that we're trying to get to? And and there's me right there. There's me right there. Media Director Jeremiah's gonna show you the here's me a video right there. Look at that. Teaching this all about. And I was teaching this back then how to install the pixel, the right sales copy to test, you know. And people were making money off of this doing this, this process how we were teaching it back then. But when I wrote the copy, my mom was always like, hey, you need to lead with the positive. What is that goal that they're getting to? It needs to be something tangible and specific. And it needs to be specific enough that they can feel that you're talking to them. And then you can go into the more ethereal of like, you know, break past the imposter syndrome do this, this and this. So that's that's kind of what I'm, what I'm saying is we want to lean into that more specificity and the AI and chat GBT and some of the chat CPT prompts can help you do that as well. Do you have the prompt? Document? Yeah. So that so some of the later prompts that are in there, go into because we start with the pain point, we start with that, but then we have the outcome and the results that we're looking for. And sometimes you might need to ask a question in chat DBT like, what like, like really dialog with it. Like what are some industries that this might apply to? What are some ways that this might manifest in somebody's life? What are some stories that might fit in Have the sales copy. So like if we take your sales copy that you had, those are some of the things that we would want to do and then start generating different headlines and topics of really, what specifically are you going to walk people through? And then really implementing that into your hook in your sales copy. Okay. And that goes for everybody sales copy as well. All right. All right, Sunil, what's up man?

[1527:04] Sunil 07973782389: Apologies for the question earlier, so I'll put it okay. Then you can just pick it up when you want to. But it's amazing because I was on clubhouse this morning. And the topic that I was like trying to talk about was B BBR. And I came up with that over the weekend, which was, what is your bounce back rate? And it's amazing what the chart that you just drew on the whiteboard deck, where you put the previous one? You were talking about? How Oh, yeah. Yeah. So that's brilliant. That is amazing that how that. So? So yeah, I came up with a phase about how you bounce back. Yeah. My question, then whilst you were talking, and thank you for giving me answering the question now. Not then is the only

[1540:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was I like I said I was a little bit tense and on edge myself just because of everything else that was going on. So has nothing to do with you. That's why like, I have to work on these things. Because otherwise I can really come across like a jerk sometimes.

[1544:32] Sunil 07973782389: No, you never because I've been listening to a situation because I think what I'm hearing from you is reality, but this is what happens. And so now he's we all know the format now is you know, you do training, and then questions, training and questions. Yeah. Oh, my question. My question is around. So how do you what do you have any tips on? How to get quicker? The bounce back? So I've had situations Yes. recently. And in my life where things have happened, and I'm very stable. But it's how, what what you showed there is that you're going up with? That's great. But how do you get? I think you understand the question better than I'm actually explaining it. The shorter gaps, how do you make that shorter? So like, I have a problem.

[1560:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Kind of like your resilience timeline? Yeah, I would say I might not have the perfect answer for that. But if I look back at my own experience, it was really having my goals and vision and alignment of where I wanted to go. And what I wanted to do, and really getting clear on what what life I was creating. It was having clarity on the steps that I need to take as far as because here's the thing, I have other areas where my bounce back rate is a lot slower a lot longer. Things like that. And I can look at okay what's really going on beneath the surface as far as this that's making me feel that way that's making me think that way that's making me get derailed on this. You know, I the the the accountant meeting is one of them. I mean, like part of me, feels embarrassed to share that I feel embarrassed to meet with the accountants even though there's nothing that's like wrong or anything like that. It's just because I'm more of a creative creativity manifests in a number of different ways. So I'm not like draw on a piece of paper creative but I'm more creative like with words and really with music. Um, you know, I'm an i One of my favorite things to do is just writing songs. I love to write music, I love to write songs. It's something that I'm really good at. And yet I don't even use it at all in any way it's a it's a very weird talent skill set. And that's not as funny it's not just me saying that like I've had like, very skilled songwriters be like your songwriting ability is like top level like, why don't you do this more often? Well, because I have other things I'm doing so and it's just not something that I focus on. So like in that is like I am really realizing Okay, I am definitely more of an art artsy emotional personality. And that's okay with me. Being the CEO of a company and maybe not being top notch at having accounting conversations now it's interesting as actually my my my book Counting are actually really good. They're really on track. Because it's been such an insecurity for me. Because I overcompensate because I work so hard to make it all perfect. So it's funny, that's actually one of those areas that it manifests, it's actually probably, I would say, My books are better than 90% of people. But I feel uncomfortable by it. And that's how it manifests is it slows me down and puts me through the weeds on that, you know. And so that's one of those areas as far as that goes. But the more that I expose myself to what feels uncomfortable, and it really is, like training in a gym, it's like working out, it's like fitness is a great example of this, the more that I do what feels uncomfortable, because I have the vision for the horizon of where I'm going, you know, I know that like this needs to get done. And I'm choosing to do it the shorter amount of time that it takes for me to bounce back. And then I go back to what I talked about today, really learning to like, when I feel that way, doing something to regulate my emotions, I go for a walk around my neighborhood, I'll swim in my pool, I will do some meditation. Breathe through it actually, reading a book, like for an hour straight is actually one of my best ways that I regulate myself. It's funny, I can sit and read a book, and tap into a flow state where I can read 300 pages in an hour. It's like, it's this crazy thing that I like, and then I get really addicted to even reading the book type thing. So I gotta be careful how often I do it. Because I find myself absorbing and learning too much information. That's just how I get with reading. I've been that way, since I was a little kid, I would get in trouble for reading too much. Because I would not do my chores I would be reading what I would do, I would like I would not be doing my schoolwork I would be reading a fictional novel because I was so enthralled in the storyline, right. And I found that like, even that translates to how I love to tell stories and stuff like that in business and, and how we do that a lot of that correlates to that skill set, but learning what helps regulate you, when you get hit or take the hits or things aren't going how you want them to, um, I would borrow a little bit of what I you know, I never said it that way before. But what I shared with Sue, as I think all of us are sort of Delta deck of cards by by by God or the universe when we're born and and where we're at today, those cards, we've traded them in and out for different things, right? Life is you could see it as like a sort of a card trading thing, but it's like, okay, now I have these cards. Let me see, do I need to maybe replace some of them with some new skill sets, new beliefs, new things like that? And then how do we regulate that in that moment, find the things that help relax and calm the nervous system down really learning how to intentionally calm your nervous system down within. For me, I can do it in five minutes now, which is really cool. I can do it while I'm talking and giving a public speaking. So I've actually learned how to regulate the emotions while I'm speaking in front of people. And that was an unlock for me, was learning to translate what I can do while I'm like, like meditating, and doing it while I'm actually talking in front of people. That was that was I don't know if I can I know how to teach that necessarily. But I do it to where I literally sort of become aware of okay, you're getting triggered? While you're talking a little bit of what happened today. Like I said, again, no, nothing against you. When your hand was raised. And Cassandra asked her question, again, I love answering questions. I love answering these questions. It's like it lights me up. But I got to still have the boundary of when to do it. And then it like triggered me because I was like, I don't want to let these people down. And then I was like, I don't want to look like I'm an emotional basket case right now. And then like all of these thoughts, and I literally had to like regulate myself while I was talking. And I had to pause for like, 15 seconds to kind of okay, snap back into it and do stuff like that, um, two years ago, three years ago, that would happen, and I would blow up and yell at everybody instead, and I would just make a fool of myself and what I said might have been okay, but the way that I delivered it would come across very aggressive, very harsh, very scary. I remember being in some consulting meetings where I would I would love to just blow up at all the staff members. My mom, you used to ask me to leave certain meetings because that would I would just blow up. I was like a hot, hot head cannon, that if something wasn't going my way, I would just just rage right? Verbally, not physically but and that was that's like that's not scary, that's not healthy. You know. And then in business, I was always have a lot of women around me. So I do not want to do that right in this environment, it's not healthy. So I had to learn how do I regulate that? How do I instead kind of go internal, and calm the nervous system down instead of growing larger with rage and anger, because that's really what it was, is my natural Mo, when I get triggered, is expand. And if I'm lifting weights in the gym, that can that can be fun. But other than that, like it's not, it's not healthy. And so learning to go internal and being like, Okay, I'm calming the nervous system down. I'm calming that emotion and identifying those things as has been really helpful and learning practices to ground myself. In the moment, one of the practices that I'll do is I'll do multiplication tables in my head. So like odd multiplication tables, to 2376 times 48. Again, it might take me a minute to get there. But like doing that, if I feel dysregulated in the moment, and start with simple ones, I two times two is four, four times four is 16, you know, things are doing that and then building up to more complex ones. And actually is a good grounding technique. And I do that, I'll go again, I'll, I'll go if it's really big, I'll go for a walk and do the multiplication tables, and meditate all at the same time, whatever that is, just to figure out how to get back to the center.

[1711:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: quicker, and not let it be because when I didn't do this, it would go into my sleep that I would sweat all night while I would sleep. And then I couldn't, I had no energy to work and then I would be depressed. And then I would I would drink to make it go away. And that was my pattern drink and sugar and, and things like that. Actually, you know, that could be one thing. I had some sugar last night. Interesting. I sometimes I can notice patterns certain days after sugar is one of those things for me, I gotta you know, our neighbor has a macaroon company. And I tried the macaroni. So I don't eat a lot of sugar because I notice I'm more emotionally like this from eating the sugar, the blood sugar type of a thing. So it's just those different things becoming self aware of when those things happen. And then learning how to regulate internally. And what taught me that was I did I read books on this. And I worked with a therapist, still see a therapist once a month on these different things. And that's what really taught me I was seeing a therapist every week. I have a little a GPT that I made in chat GBT, where I tell it like to act this way. Act like a CBT therapist that understands internal family systems. And then I go in and I use the audio dialogue mode. And I'll actually talk to the AI even. And I did that when I went for a walk the other day. It helped me unlock that idea that oh, hey, you're more creative than these more analytical accountants like, so dialoguing with chat, GBT was even a tool to be able to do that. So these are all resources like that I've just shared with you. Ways that you could try out when those things happen.

[1741:04] Sunil 07973782389: Fantastic. So when you did the times tables in your head? Is that a form of meditation? I

[1742:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: think it's just a way to kind of disconnect and get more present. Just getting more present. Yeah. Excellent. Thank you for because you're because you're you're you're not focusing on the like the fear of fight or flight worry response. The anxiety when we do that, so yeah, those are all different ways. Yeah, exactly.

[1748:45] Sunil 07973782389: Yeah. I love the chart that you did that the upward how it's going up. So your your your lowest becomes the highest.

[1750:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, I can tell you I'm like, okay, my, my previous high is where like, I'm further along today than I was six years ago. Even though internally and emotionally I feel like I'm at like the sort of rock bottom the last couple of weeks. But I'm like, Hey, I mean, I wouldn't trade my life with anybody's right now. I think it's amazing. I'm super excited for the future. I'm super happy with how everything is going. And that gratitude is really you know, grow Sutton growing a business not having it decline in sales. The same year I had a child actually feel pretty accomplished even worse than that, you know, it's so like, am I, I feel like, I'm like, Oh, but I can be further along. I could be making four times eight times as much income. Well, that's where I get myself the grace is like, you know, you're you've learned how to raise a child this last year. And I listen, I'm going to be I'm going to be learning for the rest of his life. I know that. It's like, you think you know something? And then they, they have a birthday. So that's so funny. I love I love. I love him so much. All right. Ah, yes, Dana, your assistants can use the courses you can definitely Angela, you can do a look alike audience of your email list, you can do a look alike audience of a lot of stuff, you can do it of your organic engagement, you can do a video views that you have, you can create a look alike on on on tick tock, tick tock ads off of that engagement and create a look alike off of, of fake Facebook page engagement and create a look alike of Instagram engagement, you can upload an audience, you can do a look alike of website visitors. And so that's who I would target. Before trying to play around with the targeting. If you have that. If you're starting at zero and you don't have anything, okay, we're gonna have to use the broad targeting to start to get some engagement. That's why this, the more specific you are about the topic that you deal with, the better results you're gonna get overall. Because that very specific type of person is going to be in that lookalike audience. So the algorithm will be more attracted to that person. And it's more attractive to that person to like, your, like any data that you have to create a look alike audience of. And just that's, that's the words that you want to tell your person. That's who you'll then target the offer to. Because the algorithm did a lot of the legwork for you to find the people that are most similar to who already knows you. But then you do it like in all in all countries, so that it looks out, okay, how do they engage what pages do they follow what your target client is googling certain things on a daily basis. They are, and Facebook knows that and so it will put them into a bucket. And it will show your stuff to them because their web browsing behavior matches that of your existing people. And so that's like that's how our ads do so well. Is it understands how everybody who's in our accelerator uses the internet what are they looking at? What are they googling what platforms are they using? And then it shows my ads to more people that are similar to y'all and that's why it just grows and it compounds from there as far as that goes. All right. Let's see I'm doing a post I'm going to post a summary in the group spotty connection but to clarify for paid program ads with a look alike I believe you recommended 70 Well that's if you're starting out you can do a budget of 75 you can do that Dana helped me understand your question here. I'm sorry I'm struggling to because I mean

[1821:08] Dana Hernandez: it's okay let me see if my connection will stay. So I finished my second three day free on the 30th and it went a little bit better I was gonna post a summary then I flew out a talent just flew back in this morning when Jonathan when I was like okay, here's you know, did the landing page for the for the free program. And I thought I remembered that you said that the budget is is generally significantly less for retargeting.

[1828:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh for retargeting Yeah,

[1829:40] Dana Hernandez: and because she was like, and I said oh well let's do 100 And she was like, do you mean 100 per day and I was like, oh gosh, no.

[1832:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Last lasts for retargeting, yeah, okay, like for retargeting for like, for the campaigns i do i retarget around like 50 bucks a day. For yours. It would be like 10 I mean it just any budget that you want to do. $10 $20 retargeting

[1837:50] Dana Hernandez: okay because they'll be running from yesterday until the 12 if I if I get paid Well that by this time, I'm doing two bonus week starting on the 13th. And then the actual sixth week would start on like January 4, have

[1842:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: you connected with some of these people and gotten some feedback from them and things like that.

[1843:24] Dana Hernandez: I've, I'm going to do another what's called a survey. Today, I was going over the weekend, had some had some good connections with just about three ladies that didn't know me that were on all three days. And they really liked it. And then there were a few people that did know me that were on. I think I had like six or seven people per day. But it was different because there were some that were there all three days, and they were talking back to me more in the Facebook group. So that that was good. And they

[1853:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: were they there for what was their reason for being there? What were they really wanting from being there?

[1855:03] Dana Hernandez: A lot of the a lot of a word that I hear over and over, like from the entrance questions in the Facebook group was strength, safety. And then there, you know, some like balance, you know, fitness, getting moving again, coordination, that sort of stuff fun having fun, because I use it with dance. So those are those are the main reasons that they're there. But

[1862:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: did you get them on a q&a and have them like talking and getting specific as to what they're going the

[1864:18] Dana Hernandez: only relation? No, only one person that already knew me from before, showed up to the VIP.

[1867:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So and that's where we run into. So what people are going to type in those questionnaires is one layer of what they're really wanting help with. But what they're actually asking for, is almost an entirely different layer. So what I look at a lot is like, what are the questions, the situations that people I'm meeting are talking to me about? Where they say that they're stuck and things like that? What comments are they leaving during the training as well? That they want to learn? Okay, and really like diving into when they're not being prompted to unnecessarily answer, what is the question that they go to? Because that's going to really help us dial in and hone in on the right type of person that we're looking to meet. Okay. So, I think that goes beyond just safety and strength. Yeah, there's a very real situation of like, what are some situations that they're dealing with? What is their life story look like? What have they been through? What have they come out of alive and live to tell the tale, but maybe they're doubting their strength. Okay, and you understand and what you want to do is you want to really get them to tell you a lot of those things. Because A, that's an indicator of number one, that they trust you. So they're not asking these questions they don't feel it's a safe space to ask, is one of the biggest things because people will just blurt out their questions when they feel safe enough to ask them. Whereas if they don't, or they feel and when we talk about, again, safety, first off, you're dealing with an audience that has told you they don't feel safe. So your number one mission is going to be to cultivate a sense of safety and security and that in that room within the first five minutes because they're going to be like, Okay, I feel I feel safer than I've ever felt with Dana. So that's going to be a big part of your presentation, a big part of really the energy that you want to come across with

[1908:00] Dana Hernandez: as far as Okay, and I Okay, I'm gonna re listen to this because I'm, I'm half working and have

[1910:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Crucial Conversations. Tools for talking when stakes are high. Preparing for high stakes situation transforming errant anger or hurt feelings into powerful dialogue, make it safe to talk about almost anything, be persuasive, not abrasive. So it's, this book is really good. And for anybody else who's here if you want to learn, we talk about a lot of the communication skills, love the people skills and connecting with people. This is a really good one that that translates to our webinars and our sales interaction and Are our coaching you know, again I sharing, I would go into companies and consult I remember I was at this, this university as Christ for the Nations University and some of the staff had a problem with me and they, they they cussed me out in the meeting. I mean, it's very interesting, like, they were just so angry with me. And I really I read this book to learn how to defuse very high, intense situations, and still lead the conversation as a leader. So don't do that. Because as a coach, and as a mentor, we're leading the conversation, we're leading the group that's with us. And so learning how to do that really well. That's what a really good coach does. And that's part of the skill set of, of even coaching. That translates and so for you, you're gonna really have to demonstrate that up front to people really well, and even grow in some of that as a skill set to I think, a little bit. Um, and so then in that, and you are growing in that way, I you know, I've seen you growing in a lot of that way. I, I read something, you know, my favorite football team, the Kansas City Chiefs, the and I love, I love sports, just in general myself, the coach of the chiefs has been around a while Andy Reed right here, this is Andy, you know, the players have something they said about Andy and I thought it was really cool as a football coach and also applies even as a business coach, or a trainer or fitness coach or anything like that. The players say, You know what, no matter what walk of life, you come from, whether you grew up with money, or you grew up in the, in the hood with nothing, Andy makes you feel like you're, he truly cares when he talks to you. And that you can just talk to him about anything. And, like, I look at that, because that's what the best coaches and mentors have always done for me. Um, you know, my mom is really good at that. That's something that even I've had to grow in, and I know I can get better at, you know, um, and so those are areas that we can grow in, they translate to us being able to get more sales, is what it is, because it shows the confident energy that we're that we're a place for people that are struggling to learn from, and that it's not gonna be like, school for people, a lot of people see learning as school and as traumatic as not fun. And so we got to demonstrate to people that we're, that it's not that, that it's actually something that's very enjoyable.

[1968:23] Dana Hernandez: Okay, and I had the first round, which was an October I had a woman that she came on early on day three, and completely opened up to me about her abusive husband, and she was in the management 35 years bla bla bla bla, and that was that was, you know, I felt like that was amazing connection. And then one person wrote under the replay in the Facebook group, you're, you're really good at connecting on camera. And that, you know, I know, we shouldn't need external validation. That's great. I know, that was one of the things hold back. Yeah. Cuz I know I'm good at connecting in person. And that was one of the things that I doubted Can I do that on virtual

[1979:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: can't hold on virtual definitely, yeah. And one of the things that you'll want to do so that person who opened up with you, you want to look at what's beneath the surface of their pattern. This is why when we can identify our patterns when we can identify. That's why I talk a lot about the mental health stuff and stuff like this and mindset and things like that. Because when we can figure out and identify that a it actually helps us with our marketing, because you can mark it better when you understand what motivates in the psychology you can sell better at that point. But you can also coach lead guide direct, and help people better as well when you understand what's beneath the surface that they're not necessarily saying that's really motivating a lot of this as far as that goes. And so growing in those things can be helpful. You don't need to be a again, that's why I say like, I'm not a therapist, I can't claim to be a I need a therapist. I'm not one. But a lot of what I've learned through my own journey has made me much better at helping others leading, guiding and even selling. And so what we want to do is we want to get the practical of we got to get more people on with you in enroll? Yes. Yeah, that goes back to again, our, your sales copy needs to be a little bit more juicy or a little bit more specific a little bit more. What's really going to get them to make the time to show up with you what's going to set you apart.

[2004:11] Dana Hernandez: Right? Yeah, that's,

[2005:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, instead of it just being this, oh, it's this cool thing that Dana is doing. It's this thing that like, Oh, my God, have you seen what she's doing? I have to be there. And you need people to like, have that feeling like I have to be there? Versus like, Oh, that's interesting. You know, it's a different response. As far as that goes?

[2009:47] Sunil 07973782389: Yes. Some of them.

[2011:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've mentioned this before. I used to promote a lot of like nightclub and DJ events and things like that. How do you get somebody to show up to your nightclub in a city like Austin, where everybody is trying to get people to show up? Well, you've got to make it interesting enough for them to choose you over somebody else for their attention. And that, that's, that's all in the sales copy itself.

[2018:22] Dana Hernandez: Yeah, and I guess I still, I still feel like, okay, the ads performed well, as far as you know, the cost per lead. But yet, I still don't have that many showing up on round two better than, than round one.

[2022:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So how many leads you

[2023:15] Dana Hernandez: think 143, and I spent 421, showed up? About six, I think it was either six or seven, day one, and then five or six days, that

[2026:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: up to like 15 to 20. And you really out of that number, you would want at least like 15, to 20 VIPs to if your VIP is $7, you can do that.

[2030:35] Dana Hernandez: Yeah, and I did not do the VIP officially, this round, I just sent out an email after to the leads. So I will do it officially the next day.

[2032:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: For sure. If you do it just an email to the leads, and you don't mention it in the training itself. You really want it to be like and the way I frame it is like this is a continuation of what we talked about in the main training, as we're we're going to really dive deep into what your your personal area is that you might need help with to work with you, this is some personal FaceTime that you're gonna get with me to be able to work through this and do that. And by setting that up to where like that's where it gets a little bit of more of a deeper connection helps motivate people to jump into there. And then when it's in a VIP, they're more likely to actually ask their questions. They're more likely to because they want to get their money's worth out of it. So all of these mechanisms really are there to drive the conversation better, and to motivate the conversation, ethically. And to do so to where a it feels more like it's their idea, rather than you had to pressure them to do it. So like, it's funny, I get better questions and more questions when I charge $7 for a VIP. And if I just have it open. It seems like I would repel the questions when in fact it actually attracts them more, because it's more exclusive. Okay. So those are all little factors that play into a lot of this. That will help you really dial in those different stages as far as that goes. All right. Okay. Awesome. Thanks, everybody hear for this time here. Thanks for these amazing questions. Thanks for working with me through today being a little bit of a tough one. But I think we did great. So. All right, everybody. Have a good one and we will talk soon. Bye. Thank you.

