CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-07-17T20:03:27.000Z
Duration: 154 min
Otter ID: fzKclCf5s9BtLgKZWr3agXoh3jI
---

[0:38] Speaker 0: All righty. Welcome, welcome. Welcome

[2:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: into our live training today. Hello, hello, hello, no.

[3:42] Speaker 0: Welcome Monday, July 17.

[5:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, we had our final walkthrough in our house yesterday and the air conditioning doesn't work. Oh, no. So guess who has to fix it? The seller does. I'm glad that happened the day before we were supposed to close. No kidding. It was like 90 degrees upstairs in this. You know, so they're getting that fixed, which is, which is good. We're like, you know, that's actually a was a blessing. But, you know, we've walked through it a couple of times since since we had had put put in our offer. And the you know, the ACS worked perfectly until, till yesterday. So see, join us live in zoom. So the way that this goes, for those of you that are new members here, I always kind of start. And then I'm going live in the Facebook group as well. So that if you're in the Facebook group, you can't join on Zoom or something, you can just kind of open your phone and jump into the group, I don't necessarily read the questions that are posted in the group while we do it live. So that's why I tell people to join us live on the actual call when we're when we're doing this on Monday. So our calls happen on Mondays at 11am. And there we go, it says it's being live streamed, they're also recorded, they also do go into the members area. And we're going to cover a lot of like new members stuff. On Wednesday, when we when we meet up on Wednesday, we're going to go over that's going to be our new member Jumpstart. And we're gonna go over all the all the aspects of what you need to know, coming into the accelerator to onboard you to get started as well. It's really fun, because we'll have a lot of our existing members you can also join if you're if you are an existing member with us, just to kind of give you a refresher just to kind of spark that energy in you. We had such an incredible week. In the five day intensive, I think it was one of the best five day intensives we've ever done. It was also the one of the first ones where I

[40:05] Speaker 0: how do I put this

[41:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really spent a lot of time, just honing in and following what I teach you guys to do beforehand with the copy and with the ads. And I and I said okay, this time, I'm going to just follow what I tell people to do to the letter. And my ads cost was half of what I normally get. Because here's what happens in business. When I've been running my ads. I'm like, Okay, it's producing results, I don't want to change what's working, right. I don't want to change what's working. But the problem is it started to dip we started to see like a little, a little dip in sales. And by the way, don't let that scare you that happens in this business, you'll start to see a little bit of a dip in sales, we have a course called friendly follow up that there's two lessons in there that help you address that. How did I address it, I went back to the drawing board. And I said, Okay, from what I know from the last year of working with people, is the copy that I have in my offer in alignment with the type of client that I want is the copy that I have on this in alignment with who we want to reach is the titles of the offers. And so I rewrote the copy. I tweaked it, I did all of that. And so our ads cost came down, our response rate went up, our show up, show up rate went up and all of the indicators increased in a positive way, by me just essentially doing the exact same process that I teach you all to do with writing sales copy, which is which is awesome. And so again, in the members area, as I mentioned, as we were going into this, you'll find there's a number of different courses and lessons, you'll find any recordings of any of our Monday calls in the monthly trainings archive section. And that's where this is going to go. That's where you'll that's where you'll find this training. Immediately following this. Let me pull up my notes here about what I wanted to talk about today. So today is what we call our live training and q&a day. For those that are new, I'm going to be teaching for about 45 minutes to an hour of just what I think that this group needs to focus on. And it's going to help this group grow from the observations that I have seen over the last two weeks in the group, as well as what is emerging that's working in the business. And then I'll give some time for q&a. At the end of this for us to go over your questions, and then next week, next Monday is a dedicated, I'm not going to be necessarily teaching any sort of lesson, I'm going to be answering your questions as just a pure q&a, where I'm just going to go over and answer any questions that you might have that have come up. And that becomes more of a strategic, you kind of guide that as far as a, a coaching call goes on that, throughout the week, make sure that you're in the accelerator Facebook group, make sure that you're posting questions throughout the week of anything, that you might be stuck on any areas that you want help with sales copy that you want reviewed, offers that you want reviewed. And then finally, throughout the week, if that wasn't enough, which I think like, if that was all this program was, I think it would be worth the price of what it is. But I just have a lot of like information as well that I want to share with you guys. And so I see the courses that are in the members areas, they're kind of like a supplement to our live days. And so I'm adding new content consistently, every single week, to the members area. The two latest courses that we're still completing right now are the wealth mindset coaching course, those of you that have gone through this, you we've gotten rave reviews already from some members that have gone through this, this is a dedicated mindset course we have five lessons in it breaks that and it builds upon each other the link between mindset and financial success, the power of self compassion, I think is powerful. Shifting from scarcity to abundance, or some people call it a poverty to mentality to a mentality of that of that. There's always enough beyond our traditional thinking this one is kind of like, I didn't have another name to give it. So I was like, Let's go beyond just how we traditionally think about mindset. Lesson five was recovering from rough weeks. And then we're going to close it out this week with a little bit of what I'm going to talk about today. And I'm gonna go into even more depth of it here on Lesson Six later this week. So this is the very first and only dedicated mindset course that I've actually created. But I'm really, I'm really proud of the content of it. And I know that if you go through it, maybe your stock your you have self doubt, you find fear is affecting you things like that this is the course that's going to help you so much. And then the one that we're going to also complete this week, either this week or next week, we'll complete it successful webinars and challenges. This is a I would say the ultimate. What do you say during your live event? And how do you want to get people in front of you? How do you host and run a virtual event, whether it be a webinar, or a challenge or an intensive, and then you're we're gonna go into this week, the follow up email sequence. This course is all about that. And so if you're like, I know how to get leads on my email list, I don't know what to say once they're on my list. This is going to help you map that out. And there's a there's a blueprint right here under lesson two, that I think is going to help a lot of you under specifically just mapping out what you're going to talk about. And that's going to help alleviate about 90% of your stress when it comes to just what should I say how should I say it? There's such incredible tools now with artificial intelligence that are that are at our disposal. One of them that I want to show you just real quick, that just popped on the scene this past week, is co.com co.com is one of the few resources that has GPT for 32k. Okay, and also has cloud 200k. And let me explain what 16k 32k 100k is. So the traditional chat GPT is limited in its length of how long you can make a prompt to be. It only be about 4000 tokens, which is about 8000 words overall. Okay? In GPT for if you use code interpreter, however they upped it to 8000 tokens. So that's actually why code interpreter is a better I've been using code interpreter in chat GPT for most of everything. Two years ago, we started our journey with AI sales coffee, and it was all about using Jasper jasper.ai. As of this week, I'm actually considering canceling my jasper account and here's why. Because they are not the same company that they were when they started and they are sort of losing their mind and losing their brand identity and the outputs that I'm getting from Jasper are so much less than lower in quality than they even used to be. And so that's concerning to me. I hope maybe they fix this. But I am exploring an alternative where I'm using, I'm still using chat GPT. But I'm able to use po and I'm also able to use there's one I'm looking at called write Sonic, which is another AI copywriting app, that it's a similar price to Jasper. But it also has the GPT for 32k. Engine. And let me just again, you're like, what's 32k? What's 10k? What's 16k? What's under K? Okay, so chat, GPT 4000 tokens. A token is not a word. One token is about to have two words, generally, maybe one and a half words. It's this whole thing. It's called the token token tokens. Let me let me just kind of pull this up. There's a visual of it. So you can kind of see how tokens work

[176:47] Speaker 0: is they, if they break down

[178:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: the word here it is, this is the visual that I was trying to pull up for you. So let's say that this is text that you have right here. Okay, so that's a sentence. That's how we as humans see it. This is how the AI sees it. Each of these different colors is a different token. And this one shows it as like, each word that's not necessarily accurate. The tokens are sometimes split up into some words, sometimes they have two words. And so with the tokens, this is how the AI engine processes its data. So the token limit of chat, GBT is about 4000.

[189:13] Speaker 1: With the 32k, you have 32,000 tokens. So what I'm able to do is I'm able to take multiple transcripts and have it process that data I'm have, I'm able to have it, take multiple sales letters, multiple responses from people, and just put massive amounts of text in here, and then have an output that for me, Cloud 200k, which you can also get access to over for free. over@anthropic.ai anthropic.ai is the company that actually created the cloud to engine. So they have a beta access right here, it's not as good as GPT. Four, but it allows you to do 100,000 tokens, which comes up to right around 200,000 words, you can put a 200,000 word

[203:18] Speaker 0: book, literally

[204:23] Speaker 1: into the cloud to engine and it will analyze it and you can search it and ask questions and have it process that data. So the larger the token limit, the more context it can have. But also the more beefy it is in the processing power. They don't provide this to the public as the issue. So GPT 430 2k is the most powerful one. And the way to access it, there's really only two ways that I found that you can access it is with poe.com, it's 20 bucks a month, you get 100 messages with the 32k engine, or with write Sonic, they also give you about 33,000 words as part of their right Sonic engine with that if you want to use GPT for 32k, and you have a really long text, you can do that you can also tell the the code interpreter to actually break down long text of for you. And that's another way that we're able to we're able to do this, let me just show you how you would do that. I'm just going to show you an example of this. If we go into otter.ai and this is an all of what I'm going to be talking about today, I got like five different things I'm going to be bringing to you. But I wanted to show you just and demonstrate how you can use very long pieces of text, even in the chat GPT code interpreter and how to break them apart. So if I take

[227:21] Speaker 0: our conversation here, let me share this window right here. If I take our conversation from to or last week, okay, so we had about a two hour q&a with our group here. And if I open this up in Otter AI, that's a lot of that's a it's a lot of text, right here. If I export this as a txt file, now I have this text file on my computer. If we analyze how many tokens this is, if I just go into into

[238:32] Speaker 1: the playground mode, and just see how many tokens it's gonna say it is, this is 20 1000 tokens, this text right here. So we're limited in almost all of the other algorithms of using this besides the 32k version over here, or cloud 100k. So we could ask questions, or we could say, what are the topics that were discussed in this transcript? Now, sometimes it works. Sometimes it doesn't. I got it working before the call. And yes, now it's working right here. So what it's doing is it's able to analyze like that, what was actually written in the transcript, and give us very accurate information as to what we had even talked about the week before in our q&a. And I'm able to look at this and I'm able to go over this, I'm able to analyze multiple Q and A's that I'm doing very quickly, to get a bird's eye view over what are the problems that my target customers have? What are the issues that our coaching group has? What are the ways that I can serve our coaching group, and I've been using this ever since even Jasper came out, I was doing this with Jasper, I used to do this where I would break it down into sections of what I knew Jasper could process. And I would have it summarize and analyze all of this for me. Now we're able to use chat GPT code interpreter or the 32k version right here to do this. Now, how could you do this in chat GPT. Again, chat CBT is $20 a month, but code interpreter gives you this, I can upload a text file right here. Okay, so this is 20,000 tokens. But let's upload this 20,000 token txt file, and this is the prompt that I use. Can you get it? Like, can you share the screen? Yeah, I will. I'll share the screen. Yes, thank you.

[268:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got different browsers and stuff. Instead of that, can you break apart this text and analyze all of the sections? And then give me a breakdown of and I'm going to give it the exact same prompt that I asked

[273:56] Speaker 0: the 32k Here, let me just open this up. Half the time I forget the prompts that I give it.

[276:06] Speaker 0: It is what are the topics discussed in this transcript, I guess that's an easy enough, and break down a list of all of the topics that were discussed in this text file. And so code interpreter is actually going to write software for me to break it apart into multiple chunks of text.

[282:55] Speaker 1: So it's gonna say the beginning section of this does this, I'll process the entire text, I'll use a simple text analysis approach. To identify the topics, please know that this basic method may not be 100%. Accurate, great, awesome. So what it's doing is code interpreter is actually going to work for me. And it's tokenizing itself into multiple chunks of words, that it's able to do, oh, it got stuck. So now I need to use a different approach. It's actually writing software on the fly to be able to do this. I don't fully understand what it's writing.

[292:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: But this is how I was able to take 150,000 words last week, and I was able to break down an outline for a book that I want to write. Let me see if I can find the book right here.

[295:55] Speaker 0: This is it right here. Is this it? No, that's not it.

[297:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I created a full outline for a book that I'm then going to write based off of transcripts. Okay, so what it's doing is it's trying to figure out what's the best way to actually break this apart. And I'm gonna say,

[301:08] Speaker 0: You're thinking too hard, you're trying to do this too difficult. Just break it into multiple 5000 character chunks. Okay. That's what I that's what I had to try before is to tell it to break it into multiple chunks, and then upload the file again.

[307:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so now what it's going to do is it's going to break it down into about 5000 characters, chunk it down in size, there's 18 different chunks, that's going to divide it into 18 different chunks to analyze and it's going to give me separate analysis of each section. So this is kind of like the tough way of doing it. Again, you don't need to know like, what all the the crazy AI stuff that it's doing is right here. If you want to do it the easy route, you can just use GPT for 32k or play around with rights on it. It's funny, it's still pulling up frequently used words. So I'm gonna I'm gonna stop it and I'm gonna say, I don't want to know the frequently use words. I just want a bulleted have a list of the topics discussed in the transcript. So it's not it's not perfect out the gate. But if you start to like, talk to it like you would a person, it will, as it says, understand your request better. However, determining the process is a difficult process. These techniques are not always perfect. Okay, great, given the limitations, it's difficult to apply them nevertheless, I'll provide a crude approximate, so it's covering its butt and trying to like not promise me too much. In what my request

[330:48] Speaker 0: I hope this does work. It worked yesterday for me so.

[334:18] Speaker 0: Otherwise, I'm gonna I'm gonna skip to a different topic here.

[335:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Topics per chunk, okay. Yeah, see, so it's, it's having trouble accessing

[336:47] Speaker 0: this library right here.

[339:28] Speaker 0: Because there's no internet access, it already knows it doesn't have internet access, let's try a simpler approach, I manually inspect.

[341:45] Speaker 1: Yeah, it keeps going back to doing that. So I do apologize. Last week, when I was doing this, it did a great job of actually breaking down all these topics, I would play around with the code interpreter with the different questions that you have for it. Um, but again, if you don't want to deal with any of that, the 32k version of GPT four, or chat GPT 16k in the playground, is how you're going to be able to, in just one prompt, be able to output from very long pieces of text that way, the way I just showed right here, okay.

[351:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: So those are just some different the Why did I show all that because those are just some different like cutting edge. Right now, this week, brand new stuff that was released in the world of AI in the in the world of using AI for our coaching businesses, it's not fully 100% dialed in and easy to use. So go back to how we have been doing some things to where you might have to manually break the chunks down and then ask chat TPT to analyze it and do stuff like that. Why am I showing you this right now, because I because AI is changing faster. And it's evolving faster than any of us even realize. And so if we can stay aware of what direction things are going and start to learn how to use these different features that have just become available to us. And then in the last week, that we couldn't do that we had to take a lot of steps to do before we can stay ahead of the curve of this. And so again, I do apologize that the the demonstration I was trying to show you wasn't working exactly. But here's here's what I'm going to do is after I finished the the lessons in the members area of the successful webinars course, and the wealth mindset, one we're going to go into I'm going to do last year, we did a course called copywriting mastery. And it was all about using Jasper, it was all about ways of using Jasper, you can still take what I taught in that course, and you just use chat GPT the same way that you would with Jasper, you can ask it the same questions to process and to break apart stuff, you just might have to manually type some of the different lines in. That's why now we've converted a lot of our Jasper techniques into prompts that are in that prompt document that are over at my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com over here. Okay, so if we go over to my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com,

[384:49] Speaker 0: free chat GPT prompt download,

[385:47] Speaker 1: you'll find a list of all of the different prompts that we've been using in our business that are organized that you can go through and and look at and so make sure that you grab this Google Doc, I'll throw the Google doc link as well in the chat. But the reason why I would say to actually go grab the download is so that it'll be in your email inbox. And then if you ever lose it, you can go back to the email inbox. And you'll have this document in here. And the sales copy prompts that we use these are again, the best the best prompts, especially if you go down the list. Step 123. And let me even just move these down the list to really make it even easier organized for you. It's just gonna start immediately those seven steps. If you break those down for your topic, you're gonna be 90% ahead of everybody else when it comes to actually creating yourself Just copy mapping out your copy writing the copy. And putting that text together here, let me just add this line here.

[403:21] Speaker 0: So those

[403:28] Speaker 1: breakdown, this is like our initial sales letter that we'll write, I'm not going to go through and do all these, you guys have seen me do it 100 times before on this, I'm gonna break it down, or I'm gonna go slowly through this process for you. So if you're like, you're going way too fast, or all this, I'm gonna go even slower through it in an upcoming course that we're doing, that's going to be starting after the successful webinars course, that's going to be it's a 2.0 version of the copywriting mastery course. Because now that we're not using Jasper, I want to update that with our methodologies that we are using with and I'm going to take questions at the end of this here, not in the middle right now. I'm gonna break that down for you in a chorus of how we're using this, not just prompts, because we have the chat GPT prompt Academy course.

[416:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: With the copywriting mastery, one was all about concepts of copywriting, that's what I'm going to be doing is I'm going to be teaching so that you can understand what is the, the mindset, the mentality, the strategy behind using these prompts are writing sales copy. And so that's going to be one of the upcoming courses as well. The next the other one is going to be a very simplified beginner level, actually like pre beginner level Facebook ads course that I'm going to be going into. So we have in our members area, Facebook ads for beginners, we have in our members area, social media ads that work, this is going to be like if those were too, too overwhelming, I'm going to simplify it even more from a lot. We've gotten a lot of feedback from the group over the last year. And I'm gonna just focus on what a group member has been asking about. And the basic basic basics that you need to get your ad campaigns up and running as quickly as possible. We go back to and remembering our six steps for our business.

[434:40] Speaker 0: We want to pick our niche.

[435:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: And if that's the area that you're struggling in, give yourself two weeks to finalize what your niches don't take longer than that to come up with it. Or you're just going to be overthinking over analyzing and talking yourself out of good ideas. And then that's where we go into writing our sales copy. So you got a lot of great resources in the members area for learning about sales copy, then we create our landing page. Don't concern yourself with the technical aspects of doing the landing page until you have some sales copy in a in a Google Doc, what I do is I essentially build out my whole offer in a Google doc first. And then I send it to our team on how to do this. I'm also going to be teaching over the next coming months about outsourcing the staff and outsourcing the team members and how you can start to do this, I know some of you you're like that's outside of my budget, I get that you're you're gonna want to get to a place where you have the budget to outsource so that you can remove yourself from the business. And so if you can do the right practice, this is this is why I say to do this, a lot of people focus way too much on the landing page and the landing page design and making the landing page perfect. You're gonna want to put most of your energy into basically scripting out your funnel and your landing page and your OPT in offer in a Google doc first because that's the process that you'll be able to then translate when you hire staff is to do that. And so we've always started by doing this, no matter what offer we put together. It always starts in a Google Doc. And then we go out there we promote it. We promote it promotion can be your email list, blog posts, other people stages, podcast episodes, Facebook groups, organic traffic, or paid advertising, any sort of promotion that comes here. Then we go and so that's going to be that upcoming Facebook ads course we also have other Facebook ads courses that are in there. Number five, this is where you actually do your presentation. That's the entire focus of the current successful webinars and challenges course delivering killer presentations. And then number six, it's not an after note, even though it's at the bottom here is we analyze all of these results we look at okay, how did all this work out and then we make any adjustments that we need to to these first two parts, any adjustments that we need to and that's what ends up bringing our ads cost down and increasing our sales volume on that.

[477:22] Speaker 0: Okay. What we have to do to make this work

[480:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: This might all sound overwhelming. This might sound like we don't have a lot of time to do stuff, we have to step into what I call best case scenario thinking. And this doesn't come naturally for me, for me, I naturally go into worst case scenario thinking, right? I was even raised with, you know, plan for the worst hope for the best and then you'll never be disappointed. And that's a complete load of crap and a farce when it comes to actually building a successful business. First off, we have to learn to manage our own disappointment, when we're when we're so attached to a specific outcome, and then our emotions become derailed because things don't go our way. You know, my, my six month old does that. And and that's great, because he's, he's learning how to be an adult as a 40 year old, 50 year old six year old adult, we may never have learned how to grow out of our six month old response. And I don't mean this to be disrespectful to anybody. I understand that what I just said may have come across as one of the most disrespectful things I could say. It's it's a normal human thing in brain science, they found that if we haven't learned and I wasn't trained to do this until the last two years, I would throw temper tantrums. I, my wife will say, some days I still do, like our six month old when things don't go my way. And then I have to realize, okay, wait a sec, I'm actually acting in a way that, that I'm thinking that whining and complaining and getting loud and upset about what didn't go my way is going to is going to get things going well, for me, when my six month old is hungry, he cries, because he wants a bottle. And adults, we ended up we ended up doing this, oh, I launched my office and I'm gonna whine bitch moan, complain and cry, and hope that somebody comes and saves me and gives me a bottle in my mouth, and solves that. For me. That's literally what our brain is doing subconsciously, when we get super upset and agitated and disappointed by our offers not working out. So let's become self aware of this. And this is also why working with a therapist through our trauma. The reason why our brains do that is often because we've experienced some major traumatic situations. And so it hasn't become wired to regulate itself any better than to get really emotionally upset when things don't go our way. That's how I was for the longest time. And you can imagine how many relationships I ruined because of that. So many I did, I ruined a lot of relationships, I would not recommend that you do that at all.

[522:56] Speaker 0: Because

[523:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I constantly needed to control everything. I constantly needed to make sure that everything was right, that everything was going the right way. I had to make sure that that there was no risk in any situation. And so because of this, I would imagine the worst case scenario of how things could go so that I would never be disappointed in it happening that way. The the issue with this is that we limit ourselves to our worst case scenario though. Now I don't fully believe that it's a that's 100% cause and effect. But there is a factor to it, to where when you're focused all the time on the worst case scenario. We become blinded to opportunities for things to go better than that worst case scenario. I found that this happened with me closing on my house this past week. I had catastrophize that's actually the clinical term for it. I think catastrophizing imagining the worst case scenario. I had catastrophize about my house for weeks. And it was very hard for me not to and the very thing that I was worried most worried would happen. happened on Saturday, on on on on Friday morning. This week. And Friday morning was the Friday of my last day of my five day intensive.

[548:22] Speaker 0: So I had a choice to make. I was upset. I was not happy. I was I was sad. I was crying on Friday morning. Because my greatest fear when it came to this house was happening. And I had a choice to make. Do I sit in this? Do I

[556:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: whine and complain and yeah, I did do some whining and complaining. I'm not saying I didn't. Like we're human. We're going to do that. But I had to I had to make a choice in the decision that This was not going to define my day. This was not going to define my Friday. This was not going to define that. And I had to intentionally even though everything in my reality was telling me the opposite of this. I had to imagine, okay, what's the best way case of how today could turn out? Okay, well, our closing gets extended by a week. Funny thing is the closings already getting extended by a week now, because of the sellers issue. But that was built up so big in my head, the idea of missing closing, like if you've ever sold real estate, or bought real estate, like missing closings, not the end of the world, but I had it built up in my head to the level of like, I was terrified of that happening, such a seemingly small situation. And it was, it turned out, it was because of a mess of a mistake, that was outside of my control. It was something that somebody else had done. So now that even bothers me even more when I end up getting negatively impacted by something outside of my control by somebody who promised me something. And listen, this is why I take when I make promises. This is why I take it seriously when I promise people that I can help them produce results. Because I hate it when somebody promises me a result, and they do not deliver on their promises. And so I have a standard in my life, that I'm not going to commit to something with somebody, unless I can deliver on the very thing that I committed to do. Now, in working with my therapist, my therapist has told me that I need to give myself grace in that situation, that there are going to be times where we mess up where we make mistakes where things don't always work out. And what I found is that this is one of the biggest, most powerful things that has helped me in the last two months. And I believe as well, I believe that God whether you believe in God, or you believe in the universe, or I believe that there are spiritual forces, God, the Creator of the universe is is what I believe in, that are working around us at all different moments in time. And I believe that we get opportunities to grow by going through hard situations. It's not that we're being punished. It's not that we are being hurt or harmed. See, that's the difference when we start to look at it not as like, Okay, God or the universe is an abuser that's trying to hurt us. But rather that it's happening for our good, I was able to look at the situation that's happened with my house. And I see that it has helped me grow in a number of different areas, one, giving other people the grace to mess up and make mistakes, while I give myself the grace to mess up and make mistakes. And that I don't have to be perfect, and neither does anybody else. And letting go of that standard of perfection over other people see this is before we can let go of it in ourselves, I actually believe that we have to let go of it over other people. And that whatever standard of perfection we hold ourselves to, we are simultaneously holding other people to. And this creates a situation where we're not very fun to be around for other people as well. Because we're demanding a certain level that people show up for us, and that we're not okay with that. Flipside, I 100% believe in boundaries. I 100% believe in no longer interacting with people that are not healthy with for us that are toxic and dangerous, and that are habitual liars that are mistreating and abusing us. So hear that out, right? I'm not I'm not I'll give you have one to two chances. But if you're telling me I'm going to change and you're not and your behaviors the same and all of that, we might have to part ways at this point, right? Because this it's not working out. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about like giving people grace to be human and realizing that we ourselves are human and that making mistakes is not the end of the world. If you grew up how I did, and I am I am starting to become a lot bolder and talking about this.

[631:06] Speaker 0: As my relationship with my mom grows, because

[633:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: we my mom and I had a comment. Let me just explain what was behind what just happened there. My mom and I had a conversation this week and she she said and acknowledge something that

[636:54] Speaker 0: was powerful. She said Jeremiah

[638:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was the biggest voice in your life that tried to limit your ability to reach your potential.

[640:23] Speaker 0: It's very hard growing up with a parent that tries to limit your ability to go after your goals.

[642:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: And she said, And now because we're healing, I'm able to be a voice that's encouraging you in the same areas. And I found that to be very powerful. I know, not all of us get to experience that, but I'm becoming more okay with, because I don't ever want to make my mom look bad to people. But it was a very abusive, verbally abusive childhood that I grew up and it was, it was not and it was because my mom herself, was doing her best. And raising me her own insecurity got got put onto me, I had to grow up quicker as a as a little boy. And, and because of this, it was very, very hard. And I was trained. I was I was trained, and even physically beaten by her ex husband, that if unless I am perfect, I'm not even worthy of love, or life.

[657:48] Speaker 0: And that's what I was raised with. Was that belief.

[659:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: That unless I did everything perfect, like, to the point that if I forgot to take the trash out an hour early, or an hour late, um, mommy and daddy don't love you tonight. And it was it was hard. And it was very difficult. And my mom grew up with a with a dad, I'm not justifying the behavior. But she grew up with a dad that was a was a drill sergeant and wasn't was was in the army. And some of y'all know my mom, like she's a drill sergeant, y'all are seeing the soft version of of how she was growing up. It was hard, it was traumatizing as a kid. But I've been able to heal through that. But in my brain is wired because of literally 19 years living at home under this standard. And then me, I'm the one sneaking out of the house go into parties when I was 16 1718 years old, because I didn't want to be living in this house. But I felt like I didn't have enough money to get out. And the punishment that would come when I got discovered, of doing like it was like nothing I could do was ever good enough and never would be good enough. And there was no way to fix that. I had beliefs in me that I was that that that I and the church we grew up in even taught us that I needed to hate myself, and beat myself up and punish myself in order to be in right standing with God. And so all of this combined, wired my brain to be terrified to making mistakes, to hold an unreasonable standard of perfection over other people to hold an unreasonable standard of perfection over myself to where nothing could go deviate even 1% out of that realm of perfection.

[689:21] Speaker 0: Or it will be the end of the world.

[690:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I've had to learn and I've learned that you know what, there's a beauty in making mistakes. It's a good thing. It's okay to make mistakes. It's okay to launch your campaign. And it not produce a perfect result. You might be saying, well, I don't have the cash flow table to be able to lose money on my offer. You won't lose money in the long term. If you follow our process. If you follow what we teach in this program, if you bring your questions and your issues to us here in this program, initially though, if it's your first time launching an offer, you may have to have a budget, that's a test budget that it might not come back and give you a return when you're running Facebook ads. That's part of doing business that's part of the risk of doing business. And so realize that it's better to imperfectly launch your offer than to wait until everything is perfectly put together. That the results of your sales copy offer that of your OPT in offer is not an indicator of your worth as a human being.

[708:03] Speaker 0: It's not

[708:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that you losing 150 bucks $300 with an offer does not define you as a financially irresponsible person

[712:33] Speaker 0: that you are doing what by the way,

[713:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: quote unquote losing I see it as an investment in your education 150 bucks in an offer $300 on an offer is way less than most people lose to start a franchise business to start a brick and mortar business to start even you know a lot of people they have to order I was talking to Rick Pino he has one of his he has multiple seven figure income streams. He's He's a He's a really exceptional businessman, when it comes to like, all the different things that he can do and manage and he doesn't work 100 hours a week, he works like 20 hours a week and is able to manage lots of different things. He's got a record label, he has a multimillion dollar, Amazon business, selling products on Amazon. But he told me the initial upfront investment was $100,000, to get that going for him, and he was able to take out a loan to do that. And so he was risking 100 grand before he could even see a return. That's normal. When it comes to business. That's what most of the business world sees as risk. And so when we're talking about 150, to $300, the mentorship coaching and online course space is still one of the lowest risk business models that you can get into to make massive amounts of money in your business in your life, and to generate a lot of capital with very little startup costs. Okay, so realize

[737:20] Speaker 0: that

[738:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not the end of the world if your campaign doesn't work. And the other thing is, is this

[739:09] Speaker 0: is

[740:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: be very cautious about how you're judging other people, other mentors, other coaches of what they are doing in their business and what you judge as wrong. And even unethical, not saying that you need to do unethical things at all. But when we're so focused our energy outwardly on what other people are doing wrong. And we're not building that energy can be used to build in our own business. And what I found is, is this is that any, anytime I used to be very critical of a lot of the offers that coaches and mentors and stuff would make, I used to be very critical of their sales pitches that they would do, I would say, Well, I wouldn't have said it this way, I would have done it this way. Well, guess what ended up happening in my own business, I started being critical of my sales letters, and my sales pitches. And I wasn't operating at my full potential because I was limiting myself to the criticism that I had towards other people. And as soon as I removed that, that self criticism and that judgment that I have towards others, I really think that they're connected, that when we're super critical of other people, we're also critical of ourselves in the same area. When we're super judgmental of ourselves in this area, we probably are in some way of other people. It limits us from being able to learn and see opportunities that might be inside of what we've judged other people with, I say this very cautiously, because I'm like, you know, I'm not, I'm not encouraging anybody to commit fraud or crimes or to do anything immoral or illegal, you guys know that you guys know that I don't even need to say that. There may be things that maybe you judged, wealthy entrepreneurs that they are doing, and how they communicate and how they coach their clients, and how they structure their webinars and how they structure their offers, that there might be a lesson in there because they are successful, that you could learn from and do better than they have. And this is one of the biggest things that I had to tell myself

[776:49] Speaker 0: over the years, is

[777:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: the judgment that I have towards other successful mentors and coaches, while I'm not making the kind of money that they're making, is actually the very thing that was limiting me from being able to have the confidence to launch my own offers.

[781:35] Speaker 0: So we have to remove the

[783:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, what is it the standard, the expectation, the requirement that we have on ourselves a perfection, the requirement that we have on ourselves of I have to do everything right, and the right way, and it has to fit the right box of what is right. And it must not deviate anywhere outside of the right. Best practices of doing things. In this business, in the coaching, mentoring, training, business, that behavior of limiting ourselves with the thought of what is right

[794:00] Speaker 0: creates

[794:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: artificial barriers that prevent us from actually reaching our goals financially. Because we have standards of Well, I'm not going to cross that line and do something that I don't feel is right

[798:27] Speaker 0: to do. Let me give you an exam. Couple of this I was coaching a lady a month ago. And she told me, Well, Jeremiah, I believe that it is unethical,

[804:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: immoral and wrong as a coach,

[805:27] Speaker 0: for you to ask people for testimonies and case studies to go on your website.

[807:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I told her, I said, I, I very much believe that that standard that you have of right and wrong of how you may have judged other coaches is an area that you might need to let go of, and realize that it's perfectly ethical and okay to ask for testimonies from people. And she was very adamant that it was just it was, it was the most manipulative and emotionally harmful thing that I could do to people is to ask for their testimony. And according to her experience, maybe that's true.

[816:33] Speaker 0: I didn't try to invalidate it. But do you see,

[817:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think all of you who are in here in the accelerator can see the logic in she has this, this belief that she is holding to have ethics, morals and integrity, that could possibly majorly limit her ability to grow her business. You know, one of the biggest areas that I see this manifest with people, and it's a very sneaky

[823:03] Speaker 0: area is with their own, what they call a spirit of excellence, a spirit of doing things as best as possible. And they,

[828:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: the words that I hear from people is I don't want to put a quote unquote, crappy product out there into the marketplace. I don't want to put a quote unquote, subpar that misrepresents my brand, and makes me look inadequate, and unprofessional to other people. That's one of the biggest areas as coaches and mentors, that I believe if if you're somebody who's like, I don't want to look unprofessional to other people, I don't want to misrepresent my brand. I don't want, I don't want to hurt my reputation in the marketplace by putting something out there, that's less than perfect. And you're not consistently putting offers out there, or you are putting offers out there. Because I've seen this happen too. And they're not producing the results you want. People aren't showing up. People aren't registering, people aren't listening to your presentation. If people aren't listening to your presentation, something is going to have to change to start to get people to show up, to start to get people to start to listen to you. So this is why there may be a standard that you have in your life of, okay, if I, if I don't do this, this and this, that takes 10 hours for me, I'm going to look unprofessional to people, or if I launched this, just to test it out and experiment, it might hurt my brand. This has been one of the biggest areas of disagreement that I've had with business owners over the years. But every single time it's turned out or when they finally came around to realizing First off, nothing that I'm going to recommend you do is going to hurt your brand. It's not okay. So trust me in that, that anything that I recommend that you do, it's not going to hurt your brain. And it's actually going to be the right best practice of what's going to work. But it might be outside of the realm of what you think is the right thing to do according to how we see other people out there doing it, how we've judged other people, how we've judged if you know if I was in their position and making as I've heard this one, if I was in their position, making a million dollars like they were, I would bless God invest money to make a better quality version of XYZ presentation. I then people tell me that they're like Jeremiah, if I was making as much money as you would, I would take the time to actually serve my clients well, and to have and to put XYZ behind my name. And I could never put my stamp of approval on such a low quality piece of crap like you put out Jeremiah had somebody write me in telling me

[872:31] Speaker 0: that great awesome,

[873:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: then knock yourself out. But if that becomes your limiting factor that's preventing you from making money in your business. And generally the people who say this, they're not making

[876:19] Speaker 0: even 100 bucks a month in their business.

[877:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, when we're not making money in our business and we're not actively on the field, we got a lot of opinions. And we may have a lot of opinions and I want to honor that too. As co Because as mentors, we make our money by having opinions of what other people are not doing right. And so because of that, we naturally have that standard that we bring on to ourselves when it comes to your sales and marketing, being willing to put an offer out there, just to experiment just to see what happens. Without you don't want to build your offer up so big in your head that it needs to be so perfect before you put it out there, that it needs to be so and that it needs to be so excellent that it presents you in such a perfect light. I'll tell you this, your if you do that, you're gonna look back 234 Or five years from now and think, man the things that I thought were perfect back then they were they were not even that good. So why did I spend so much time and energy doing that, that was an exact conversation I had with with Rick Pino around his worship coach program, because he was all about doing everything as perfect and excellent as possible. And when it comes to media and design, and the aesthetic and, and all of that, and it finally came down to it, it mattered zero to his bottom line to do that. It matters zero to your bottom line, making sure that everything is perfect before you launch, what's important is to be consistent to see what kind of feedback you get coming back to you. When you put an offer out there. When you write copy. When you do a presentation, how do people respond?

[904:51] Speaker 0: How do they show up.

[905:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: And here's the last point that I'm going to leave you with here today is ultimately the reason why we're doing that is because we're trying to protect ourselves. We're trying to protect ourselves from disappointing other people. We're trying to protect ourselves from things not going our way. We're trying to protect ourselves from things not working out, we're trying to protect ourselves from losing 150 bucks, we're trying to protect ourselves from losing $300. In our test ad campaign. When we're working so hard to build protective walls around ourselves, it limits our ability to actually make connections with other people. Those become unhealthy boundaries, when we become so protective, that we stop ourselves from even showing up to the dance, when we stop ourselves from even showing up just to see what happens.

[921:13] Speaker 0: And another term for this is we get, we go on the defense.

[922:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're defending ourselves against bad things from happening, instead of creating the future that we want. And when we're always on defense, in our business, when we're always trying to protect and prevent bad things from happening, it oftentimes still ends up going the way that we tried to protect ourselves against big and that's all that we see. And that's all we noticed. And it ends up being a self fulfilling prophecy of nothing I ever do. It goes how I want, I lose money all the time, these things don't work, I can't ever make anything work, because our energy is so focused on the very thing that we're trying to defend. And that becomes our little tiny world as I'm just trying to hold on so tightly to all this stuff that I don't want to lose. And that's the root of a scarcity mindset. Whereas an abundant mindset. And abundant mindset will literally say, you know, what? If I lose over here, no problem. It's part of my education. And if things don't go perfectly over here, no problem. It's part of that process. Did I do perfectly over here in the presentation, did it bring in as many sales they want? No, but I'll grow and I'll learn and I'll get better next time. And when we stop trying to defend ourselves and protect ourselves against things going, how we don't want them to go, and we're trying so hard to make sure to control things that everything goes our

[947:45] Speaker 0: way. Or maybe see,

[948:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe it's not that maybe you just have a standard of excellence that you want things to be right, that you want things to be just right and for I'm ready to launch it just right before I'm ready to put it out there realize that we have to sort of lower that down just a little bit. I don't have a better term for it, but just like lower it down just a little bit. And be willing to experiment just to see what happens. Be willing to put yourself out there. Don't be so afraid of how other people are going to respond and react and interact with you and that might sound impossible, Jeremiah, you're asking me to not be afraid of other people when I've spent my whole life being afraid of other people. Well, that might be an area to grow in. That might be an area to explore. are inside of yourself and to say, we're like, this is not serving you as a coach or as a mentor to reach your goals. This is not going to help you go out there and reach the things that you want. But when we can start to visualize and envision in our mind's eye in our spirit, and we can start to see and experience what is that future that I want? What how would I like things to go the best case scenario?

[967:28] Speaker 0: How would I like them to go.

[968:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: And immediately some of you are like, why couldn't do that, because I don't want to be disappointed when it doesn't turn out that way, you see how this becomes just a crazy loop in our minds, that every, every time that we we start going in this direction, we end up our brain, pulls us back to the comfortable, pulls us back to the safe, it pulls us back to the protective castle that we've built around what's possible for us. And so we really have to tear down a lot of those protective walls to expand our comfort zone. And that means you're gonna be vulnerable, you're gonna have to make yourself vulnerable, you are not necessarily going to have to always stand up for yourself and always defend yourself, and always protect yourself against things going in that way. I did. I did a podcast episode here this week that I just put on the podcast, it's called defensiveness, the silent killer of business success. And I break down this topic in detail for about, oh, how long was it was 30 minutes long, I go even deeper into this, about instead of being defensive, let's be curious and say what lesson is behind this situation? What can I learn from this? Again, hear me out, I'm not telling you to put yourself into abusive situations with people. Okay? Because that's how that is one way that some people will interpret what I'm saying is that now that you know, I'm going to go put myself in front of the person who hurt me the most, who abused me the most. And I'm going to try to change them. That's not what I'm talking about at all. I'm talking about in your business, when you launch an offer out there, being willing to put something out there into the marketplace, even if it's not 100%.

[996:57] Speaker 0: Even if it's not perfect.

[997:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Even if it's not the level even that maybe you would want it to be still put it out there to see how people respond to see how it goes to get a room of people in front of you that you can listen to, what are they struggling with? What are they going through, and then you can start to craft your mentoring business around those things that people tell you.

[1003:50] Speaker 0: Okay. And so

[1004:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: hopefully, this is this has been helpful for you. This is one of the biggest areas that I just I find that keeps people stuck. This was what I just shared with you was kind of a something that I wanted to share last week even on the five day event, but it just it would have, it would have taken things

[1009:37] Speaker 0: in the wrong direction if I had shared that there. And so this week, embracing making mistakes,

[1012:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: learning to love making a mess of things, learning to embrace things not going perfectly how we envision them literally like flipping our mindset on its head to actually start to have gratitude and thanksgiving. And being thankful when things don't turn out exactly how we wanted them to do. I'll tell you whenever I've done that in my life, and my mom will say the same thing. And Rick Rick Pino and I used to have conversations about this all the time. It's actually part of his core message, one of Rick's core messages is all about because what is praise and worship, what he teaches, it's gratitude. It's saying I'm thankful. And so his whole message is like, your life will go well with you. When you have put gratitude out there when you are thankful. And we don't look at how things can go wrong. And we step into that place of I'm gonna just, I'm gonna hope for the best. I'm gonna do my best. And whatever happens happens, I'm going to accept the results and learn from it to keep moving forward that framework if you can make that a habit in your life, you'll be unstoppable. That's the habit that I've had in my life. That's the habit that I see most often with successful entrepreneurs in the space that they have. Any area where you find yourself stalled, stuck, complaining, upset and listen. Yeah, trust me. Friday, I was stuck. Upset complaining.

[1038:15] Speaker 0: Disappointed. Right. But I didn't sit in it. I didn't Sitting there.

[1040:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I was able to continue to build my business grow my business, even on one of the worst days that I've had in years.

[1042:53] Speaker 0: I didn't have to let it derail me.

[1043:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, three, four years ago, I would have canceled the whole five day event and be been willing to lose my ad spend. Because I would, why would have been so embarrassed to even show up in front of people. And that's what shifted me is exactly what I just told you here today. And so if you can learn to show up and have confidence and to start to promote your business, even in the face of chaos and things not going how you want them to and, and everything around you not being the best case scenario of how we wish it could be when you can learn to operate.

[1054:45] Speaker 0: With with at the giving it your best.

[1055:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's different to me than the quote unquote perfectionism thing, that I'm gonna give it my best, it might not be perfect, but I'm going to do as best as I can. And I'm going to love myself through this process. And I'm going to accept however I can show up today is the best that I can offer. And I'm going to trust that things are going to work itself out. Instead of being afraid of losing clients losing money, things not going how I want them to yada yada yada the catastrophizing that we can come up with, and we start shifting into expecting the best. It'll change your life, it really will.

[1065:29] Speaker 0: So all right. I'm going to take some questions here now.

[1067:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And yeah, part of part of our process is just showing up when things don't go how we wanted them to. Just showing up when we wish that things could have gone differently for us. Let me see. Shonda says this past weekend, when my mind went into crazy loop husband told you crazy. That's awesome shot. It sounds like you got a great husband that really supports what you're doing. I love hearing that. I'm looking through to some of the comments here real quick.

[1077:00] Speaker 0: You're doing great Adele. You're doing awesome. Absolutely. The Holy Spirit is our comforter and counselor. I agree with that.

[1080:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had a subscriber recently told me that he considered a manipulated to ask its ad, there's actually a huge Okay, so Lynn, I'm gonna address that. There's a whole segment of the coaching and mentoring market. And it's funny because it's, it used to only be just in the Christian market, that they would see it as that. And now it's even in the non like, like secular side of things, that it's unethical to charge money for people for education. And I think it's I think a lot of people are really jaded by the, I think they're, they're hurt by the college system. They're hurt by the fact that, you know, colleges, people took out all this debt. And now it's like, the President promised to cancel the debt. And now they can't not like just the whole debacle that's going on in the US with that. I think that part of that could be trickling down into our coaching space a little bit, is two people are fed up with that. But listen, teachers, mentors, and coaches, we have to make a living. And I tell myself this, there are things that just by you being here, there's a whole segment of the population that thinks that selling coaching and mentoring is unethical. So realize that you're not ever going to please those people, you're not ever going to change their mind. And we don't need to attract those as as, as people in our life, we don't need to change their thinking on that. So let me see. Get an ad manager to work with you unless you've spent 1000 on ads. Yeah, so Cheryl, that's what a lot of paid ad managers will say. And even 1000 is even less than that. The reason why is because there's a different level of risk when you're hiring somebody to do ads for you. And you're not you don't already have enough of a budget to test with. And there's this sort of fantasy belief that I just hire a marketer to build my business, and it's all going to produce results for me, when the reality is as the business owner most of the responsibility of the offer creation and the copy that makes the ads work that falls back on on you as the business owner to be able to see okay, what are we communicating this in a way that's actually going to reach people, your ads person is generally not going to be somebody who's very good at doing the offers and the copywriting. Otherwise, they're going to be charging you $10,000 Like I do for

[1118:09] Speaker 0: it. You know, I I have

[1119:27] Speaker 1: I have a consulting client. It's That's a $12,000 a month contract to run ads, but I also write the copy and do all their offers and their funnels to, I won't run ads for somebody unless I'm also doing the entire funnel, because the funnel is what creates the ads. And so because of that, if you're just finding like an ADS person to run your budget, most of the time, they're not going to make you the kind of money that you want to make back. And that's the unfortunate part about that side of the industry. That's why it's better to learn to do it yourself. And then you can hire somebody to manage the campaigns that you built yourself. So the idea is you learn how to build a campaign, you learn how to write the copy, then you can hire somebody, once it starts working to take over the work that you've already done. I found that that model works the best for most people as far as that goes.

[1133:36] Speaker 0: Okay. Let's see. How do you know when you grow? If you have never failed? Yes, it's very true.

[1138:30] Speaker 0: A lot of comments in here. Focus on we

[1139:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: make bigger, I can't stay on track and teach very well, when I have to read comments. That's why I just I close the window now.

[1141:28] Speaker 0: Um,

[1142:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, Elizabeth, YouTube is going to have a lot of the best resources for you on on

[1144:11] Speaker 0: using Google Docs. That's awesome. Don, my go to budget for ads. What's the budget for Jonathan wait to go do what Adele? What do you mean by that? Sorry, what I meant was,

[1149:20] Speaker 2: if I was going to use Donalyn, from my first set of ads, like what's the average cost? In total, it

[1150:48] Speaker 3: would cost to just hand that whole thing to her. I know, I need to learn myself. But just in case, I don't know what

[1152:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: she's charging right now. So you'll have to contact her and ask her that. The budget initially would be like your ads budget plus whatever her fee is.

[1154:29] Speaker 2: Yeah. Nobody said it. Does anyone in the chat know roughly what it is? Okay.

[1156:02] Speaker 0: Um, let me see.

[1157:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah. So then most of these comments are just on the chat CPT and the Jasper steps page shared. So let's see. Okay, back to the top. Now, a whole bunch of new questions have come in.

[1161:48] Speaker 0: You've never had somebody tell that you had about testimonies. But yeah, exactly. At what point would it be beneficial to add? I would say,

[1164:32] Speaker 1: sign up with otter and have it do transcripts on all the stuff that you're doing. Now, I like using otter as far as transcribing everything and analyzing it, because it allows me especially once you have group calls, it allows me to take the discussions and really understand more of what's going on underneath the surface a little bit with some of the questions.

[1170:35] Speaker 0: All right now I'm going to take the questions that people have their hand raised here. Deborah, Deborah Scott. Hello, Deborah Scott. Oh,

[1174:18] Speaker 3: oh. Hey, um, real quick. So I was really impressed with what you were sharing with AI and putting in like, like portions of a book or something like that. So is that the poll one, it gives you 32 Something versus I'm still learning the language of it. So is that there was one Yeah, it was Poland. And there was something else?

[1182:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the anthropic one, lets you put like a whole book in there. You can also I was trying to demonstrate to you you might need to play around with how you do it with the chat GBT code interpreter. And I, you know, I'm going to try that. I'm actually going to try it again. Just real quick here to see if I can, I might have overcomplicated what I was asking it to do. Sometimes if you overcomplicate your prompt, it'll

[1188:26] Speaker 3: code. Okay, what's a code interpreter? What does that mean?

[1189:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so chat. GPT is right here. And then there's the paid GPT four. And then they have that one, then they have default, interpreter beta. I have no idea why they call it Oh,

[1194:43] Speaker 1: it's a terrible name. But it's it's a better algorithm. It's a little bit more powerful. So you have to go to settings here, beta features and turn it on. It allows Chad to write and execute code, as well as work with uploaded files. So let me see if I can do this. I just uploaded a file with about 22,000 tokens, I'd like you to read the entire file, and give me a bulleted point breakdown of all of the topics discussed in this file.

[1205:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see what I can come up with to do this, right here. So it understands how many tokens are in it and understands the tax, it's going to read kind of the first 1000 words.

[1210:07] Speaker 0: Okay, again, I don't need it to tell me how it's doing it. But

[1212:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that's why it's sometimes getting this to work. I got it to work the other day, and it can't seem to right now. So you do like, longer text. This is where impo you have the 2k GPT four, and the cloud 100k Right here. So Cloud two is just a different algorithm from another company. And you could also do cloud to anthropic doc.

[1221:13] Speaker 3: Okay, I see, I can't just stop there, you change it. Oh, okay. And anthropic Okay. Yep, this is like, this is, this is like satisfying the geek inside of me on so many levels. I'm telling you, this right

[1224:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: here, check this out, I love it, I can upload that file that I downloaded in the cloud to right here, by the way, anybody can create a quick account over@cloud.ai. And it will let you use 100,000 tokens of context. This is very valuable. It's actually a very intuitive let me upload our q&a to here and say, Make me a list of all the topics

[1231:44] Speaker 1: and questions discussed in this file. And let's have cloud do it through the text file that I just uploaded. By the way, Cloud is free if you do it through cloud.ai.

[1235:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's the that's the URL right there.

[1235:51] Speaker 3: Now, when I think of cloud, I think about stuff being reserved or like saved in the cloud concept, or is it something else? A you

[1238:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: D? CL, a? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. So that's where you'll find it. So look at, it's able to, it actually did a really good job right here of pulling from that text document. So Cloud is free for you to use. It's not as intuitive as GPT. Four, at at like, emotion and analyzing a lot of that. But it is better than GPT 3.5. And so with this being released for free to the public, it adds another tool to your arsenal to be able to take long form pieces of text and break down what those different parts are like, here's another thing, make me a list of the top 10 pain points of people on this transcript I just uploaded

[1252:43] Speaker 0: should be able to remember the file that I just uploaded.

[1254:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, so that's over at anthropic AI, the cloud engine, and it's currently it's free to use their competitor to chat GPT

[1257:13] Speaker 3: fun playing.

[1257:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, top 10 pain points struggling to get people to show up to events, Facebook ads costs, confusion on when to raise prices, wanting tips for sales, right. So that's really accurate to last week's q&a right there. Just off of this cloud file right here. Again, if you want, even better accuracy of O gives you access to the GPT for 32k. And it's also it's also really accurate as far as giving you even more outputs. For what the output

[1267:25] Speaker 3: charge for toe

[1268:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: pose 20 bucks a month and it gives you access to this is the only way to get GPT for 32k. I love it because GPT four is just really smart. But I you know, the fact that cloud is free, and you're able to upload 100,000 tokens and actually analyze it and ask it questions. Here's a workflow that I might do for you as you would pull this from that transcript right here. And then you might go into chat GPT and ask it, you know, write a sales letter for those topics that cloud created. So I saw so going back and forth between the two can also be really helpful as far as that goes. A token. So I explained in the beginning, tokens LLM. It's the way that large language models like chat, GPT, and cloud and all of these that like generate text, a Google bar does even getting smarter, you can upload images into it, and it'll tell you what the image is. It's broken down into what's called tokens. So a token as each of these different colors is considered one token. And a token is, is is the basically the limit that the algorithm, it turns text into basically, numbers and letters that AI can process, because artificial intelligence actually doesn't have the ability as computers. Yes, that's a that's great. Human beings understand words, computers are not as smart as us to actually know what words are. So we have to turn it into tokens for the computer to understand. And so there's a token limit. There's a token limit for each of the different algorithms that are out there. And so chat GPT is limited to about 4000 tokens, the code interpreter is close to 8000 tokens. So that's why it's a little bit better to use. That's why it's not even really worth using the default using code interpreter is going to be just better all around because it already has twice the token length. And the tokens, it's called token, look back. So token, loopback is any text that is above your prompt, it's going to it's going to consider that in its outputs. And so the more tokens you can feed into it, the more accurate you can get at analyzing different texts data. And so with Po, you're able to use 32,000 tokens, not just the 8000 token limit that chat CPT has, right Sonic also right Sonic was another company that also has that included with their thing. Cloud. Cloud has 100,000 token limits. So you could upload a massive text file, and have it give you accurate analysis of what's actually in that text file. And it's, it's free over at clouds website. So that's, that's why an all

[1317:30] Speaker 3: token is what you're uploading versus what they're putting

[1318:38] Speaker 0: out. No, no, no.

[1319:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's converting my text into tokens. Tokens don't cost you anything. Tokens are just algorithm is how the algorithm understands your text. So it has to convert it from texts that we understand into tokens, and then the computer processes all the tokens, and then it gives us text back. So it's kind of translating between computer language back up to human understood language. And tokens is kind of a computer. It's such a weird, the reason why it's so hard to understand. And it's not intuitive, is because it's all computer programmers that are coming up with these names. And they're not actually describing things for what they really do. So give it like, three to five years, we're gonna have different terms for all of this. But it's going to be a lot easier to probably understand. We're in the like the AI world, we're in the sort of like 1980s, early 90s, of personal computing, like right when the internet first became something that people were using. And so it was like it was clunky, it was hard to remember that. That's it, it's kind of clunky and a little bit hard to use this AI stuff. But if you utilize like simply, you get access to augmenting your brain, that's what I call it. It's brain augmentation, augmentation augmenting means to make something greater by adding to it. So I'm able to make my brain more powerful by having this AI assistant on the side of it, processing stuff faster than I can. I can't read through 100,000 words and pull these points that quickly. If I know I could, but that would take me how many hours but since I have these AI tools, it becomes a an assistant to me to save a lot of time to understand my market and to understand how to communicate to people really well.

[1350:12] Speaker 3: Alright, so let me ask,

[1350:44] Speaker 0: you might have to AI concept. What's up?

[1352:20] Speaker 3: Let's talk about authorship because I've been seeing this pop up in a lot of places. Like if you're using AI, like I literally was able to sit down for fun and write up a story, a children's book with my husband, a farmer on Johnny the tractor, and he was having a bad day because he thought everybody was rejecting him. But in reality they were they just didn't want him to go next to the beehive. So anyway, that's it here. So we did this thing for fun, right? We literally came up with a children's book. And it's like, okay, now who authored this? Like, it was definitely AI, of course I put in my foot. So like, where's the balance in that? And like, what is there any kind of legal thing, especially someone like me that does like to write? Is there a legal thing I need to be concerned about?

[1365:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's how I again, that's why I look at AI as not like, thinking for us but augmenting our own thinking. So what I would do is I would take that story that it wrote. And then I would see ways that maybe you could improve upon the story, how maybe you would retell certain sections, how you would read describe certain sections, and not just take it at face value of what it gives you. Because once you do that, now you did author it yourself at that point,

[1373:14] Speaker 3: okay, because they did a really good job. It took my points. Yeah, I was, I was so impressed.

[1375:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. So another way that I like using it

[1376:14] Speaker 3: when and just kind of speaking with my language.

[1376:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And one way that I like to do it is I will actually then read out loud what its outputs are, but I start putting it a little bit more in my own words, and then I have it, it format my own words from my transcript. So what I'll do is it'll give me the AI will give me an output, that I will read its output, but not word for word, like I'm trying to match every word that it's saying, I'll use it as a guideline to then dictate into my phone or computer, how I would say it in a certain way, then I take my transcript, and I bring it back into the AI and I say, can you format this transcript, in a way for a book or an email or something like that? And so it, it's able to turn how I would say something into something that's, that's organized and looks good. And so we're able to use AI, not as a tool to create new ideas, though it can. We use it to brainstorm with sort of like it's a it's a, it's a partner. Again, I see it as if I had like a writing partner that I knew that just knew a lot more than me about a lot of different topics. That's how I look at it, I see it always as this junior assistant to my own work that I'm good at doing, rather than just relying on it to be the the idea creator. Yeah.

[1399:33] Speaker 3: So when you when you speak it into like, like you record it, then you take it over to otter to get it written, and then bring it back. So what you do, yeah. Okay, yeah, I thank you so much.

[1402:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or I'll use the chat GPT app on my phone and do that. Now, here's the thing, the way that LLM is work, there's been also to what Elizabeth said, the writer's strike in Hollywood and all that. Some of the things that people are claiming that the AI does, or how it generates its text, are simply not even true, because they're not actually how the algorithm works. It's not just stealing from ideas that people have and then printing them out to you, like a Google document. It's it's processing and creating new concepts based off of a wide range of different ideas. And that's the same way that people come up with ideas and concepts anyways. And so a writer that uses AI is also is still going to be unless for some reason in the United States, they now rule that in no media, you can do this. But I don't think that they're going to rule that the AI output is not just somebody else's work that's being outputted out. That's not how the AI is actually worked. Sadly, that is the narrative that Hollywood is trying to tell people is how it works. It's not even how these are programmed. So that's that's actually why there's such a press. So it's

[1422:34] Speaker 3: to the tokens. Yeah. Well, it's

[1423:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's it takes into account into an algorithm, all of these different pieces of text. And then its predictive analysis as far as that goes. So yeah, yeah. An artist that's a little different as far as artist's rendition, because yeah, it's trained off of the artists style, there might be a precedent there. I'm more talking about writing and things like that. Um, a lot of those tests to see if it's AI or human generated are inaccurate, Shonda. So one of the best ways that I again that I do it is what I was what I said is, I'll also tell it, you know, rewrite this in a more human way, or rewrite it in a I'll say, that sounds too much like a robot wrote it, can you rewrite it like more in a more human way? But then I will, I will take whatever its output is, and I'll rewrite its final output in my own words. So I'll dictate whatever it gave me and now it becomes my own original thoughts inspired by the AI versus just taking what the AI is and doing that, at that point. And that's the same way. Listen, that's that's how they that's how writers and filmmakers and stuff have been writing books and movies and films forever as you put up on a wall, some of the ideas that you have for different things and doing all that, again, I can't necessarily speak to intellectual property around creative works, because my expertise is in the educational and mentoring space, I know that it's nothing to concern yourself about in the mentoring space at all. You're not going to get in trouble for using AI to create your sales pages and stuff like that, that might set you know, I tell you, the right best practice to actually write a sales page is find the best competitors out there, pull some of their copy in it, and then have it rewrite some of their texts in a better way. What tools do you use to score your content? I don't use any tools to score AI versus non AI. I use my eyes. So I use my own intuition and experience to tell, do I like this or not? So I'm more like acting as like the the final. I know, anything that leaves my desk is a representation of me. And is a representation of of how I write. And so I treat it that way more than anything else that you know, do I want to put my name on this. And that's never led me astray. Overall. When using AI

[1464:13] Speaker 4: All right, let's see. Elizabeth wells, what's up? Hi, um, you know, I've been I have a self paced online course out there called How to rest how to rest and four easy steps, a loving guide for the worried the anxious and aggrieved. And this hasn't been I've been doing a lot of advertising recently. But I was doing YouTube videos at one point. It's not selling it hasn't sold. And, you know, a couple friends of mine a couple years ago said your titling is all wrong. You know, you're

[1473:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: disagree with that. Well, while I wait, you make it better, though, right? Well, no, no, I

[1474:47] Speaker 4: don't agree to disagree with that now, because I was in store the other day somewhere and starts telling somebody about how to rest and she went, huh. And that wasn't until I explained things that she started to go, oh, send me information. And I'm like, Alright, I need to change his title. So I've

[1478:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: how you explained it. Now that gives you great feedback for the title.

[1479:59] Speaker 4: Yes, it did. Yeah. And so my video here, I've got my goofy two glasses on right now. So where am I going with us?

[1482:39] Speaker 0: So

[1483:25] Speaker 4: we're talking about AI. In fact, I was I was doing not research on title, but something else. And it came up with it said some of the art of rest something something. And I said that sounds like too, and I googled the art of rest. And it is a book that came out the same year, my course did. So I said, okay, cool. Yeah, yeah, but I'm not going to use that title. So my question is, is it going to be incongruent, I mean, all my videos in my course, say how to rest, like if the course material says how to rest, but then I'm changing some of the titling on in some areas of the course. And on the sales page, is that going to be incongruent to brains? Who are going to take the course eventually? Or do I do another video that says, you know, originally, this was called How to rest I decided to change it. And my final question is, can I put the copy? What have you okay, not my final question, Mike. But can I put my sales copy for my page? Would that be alright, to put it in the group for you to look at at some point

[1498:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you can always put your sales copies in the group and stuff like that?

[1499:43] Speaker 4: Okay. Yeah, I did a whole bunch of things that you don't have to send this to me. I'm trying to go away from the art of rest, which I really love. But you know

[1502:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: what, though, since yours is a course, and I think that was their book, you might still be able to use a similar title.

[1504:52] Speaker 4: And I was thinking about the power of rest, you know, art, you know, art so living?

[1506:29] Speaker 0: Looks like there's a number of there's a few books by different people with a similar name. Um, yeah, you might not want to use exactly that title.

[1509:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: But, you know, harnessing the art of rest, the RESTful living. Yeah, you know, combining a few of that together now that might create a little bit more of a

[1513:19] Speaker 4: Yeah, the power of rest of artful living to reduce stress and whatever piece so I'm going to be looking at that and you could send that list to me, that'd be great.

[1516:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: So in the chat there for you the link.

[1517:11] Speaker 4: Okay, great. But do you think it's in Congress and congruent to people if in parts of my course that it says how to rest when the How to rest course when it they've come on to into it? under a change title.

[1520:54] Speaker 0: Help me understand. So

[1521:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're going to be talking about how to rest in the course.

[1522:02] Speaker 4: So through the course is already done, it's been done for a couple of years. Through the course there's many videos and in it, and I can change the I gotcha videos and meditation,

[1525:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I see what you're saying

[1525:20] Speaker 4: how to rest course. Okay,

[1525:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got the rest

[1526:11] Speaker 4: RAS T is an acronym for something.

[1526:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, cool. So what you could, here's how I would do it is I would just create a, I would modify your introduction lesson and explain that

[1529:47] Speaker 0: you renamed it.

[1530:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And just explained to people this was called this, we found that this was a better title to reach people with this message, the message is essentially the same. But if you hear me referencing the whatever that is, it understand that that's the that's, that's the right course that you're a part of. So I think I think that that's that that's how you can solve that is you just sort of explain it to people before they start on their first lesson. I'll

[1536:45] Speaker 4: put that in the introduction, that text introduction, that's a great

[1537:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: intro, and then I find that that, you know, I bought, I purchased programs and stuff that do that as well. But as well consider

[1540:10] Speaker 0: re recording it.

[1540:51] Speaker 4: Too much Jeremy, Jeremiah, I spent 1000s of dollars and time and energy and money, and I can't do that anymore. I gotta you know, just go with what I've got the the recordings are great. It's just the title, you know. So my other question is, that thought makes me depressed and want to cry. My other thing is, so this is, maybe you'll talk about this at some time, it's about pricing. Okay. So a friend of mine called me and said, hey, you know, you remember you talked about meditation by design that program and one of your emails, she said, I want to do that. And she said, but I said, Well, I'm not charging you, or I'm not gonna charge you what I normally charge. And she said, Well, I'm not doing it unless you do. And we have this little, you know, and I wrote her a very beautiful email, which she just was when she said, wow, she said, I get it. And, and I think the formal of what I was, what she wanted, when she understood is different from what she wants. Okay, we did some work last night. But I was thinking about, I do have some work to do on, you know, I have some of those critical voices in my head that are like, you're charging too much. What are you doing? You don't know you're doing I have some of those from other people.

[1559:49] Speaker 0: And, you know, the,

[1560:38] Speaker 4: I can tell you right now, in my head on pricing, but when I'm thinking about my work, and that it's you can, I mean, I was talking about my friend and charging friends, which is different. I sent her later I said, you know, it's almost like, it's a minute, it's almost like a ministry for me. I don't know how it's so deep. Some of the work I do, on certain levels, that when it's a mystery, it becomes a and I will charge for that for certain people. In her particular case, it's definitely ministry. And she does want to, I said, if you want to give me an offering that your guidance give me fine, but I can't make this payment. You're my friend. And I don't want this to get in the way of our friendship ever. Payment, business, all that. And she got it. But ministry is and I had to think about, well, there's this one that charges for their retreat, and that's a ministry or this one for that. So my, my, my mind is thinking about some of this. So if you have anything to say,

[1575:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's a very nuanced thing. Because I think when it comes to like, there are things that maybe you'll do that you don't charge for that you I wouldn't do that I would be very cautious and discover, okay, why we don't want to charge for it. One thing that you did say was we don't want it to get in the way of the relationship. A healthy, healthy relationships, money won't get in the way of things.

[1583:11] Speaker 4: And she's done a lot of offering to me for some of my searches.

[1584:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. If somebody's here's, here's, here's something that I'll say this. Sometimes when we don't charge money, when we should, we actually are.

[1587:28] Speaker 0: There's, we're,

[1587:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a blessing that people have by paying for something that we're actually robbing them of, by saying they don't have to pay for it.

[1590:37] Speaker 0: So that's one thing to consider

[1590:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: is as and I found myself doing that often. And I finally was like, this was in the beginning of my business is okay. There is something if you're good at something that helps people and it affects them positively. You should be charging for it. You know, if it's not just a like, I kind of do this sometimes. And it's like, it's your thing that you do. You know, I'm even starting to feel like I think my $7 VIP for my free events is a little bit too cheap. I My next round, I'm going to probably raise it to 17. Just to qualify people a little bit better, and I know that you know, that people will pay that because I've gotten, we've gotten a ton of people now paying seven bucks, I would be willing to cut that in half at 17. And I know that I would still get a great group of people. Um, Part of my reason for charging less has always been for one purpose, feedback gathering to start to hone in my craft. Once I know that it's honed in, that's the best time to kind of raise our prices a little bit. When we're when we start to feel confident, like okay, I'm pretty I'm really good at this. And it's helping people and it's positively impacting them by working with me in this way. And so by me not charging what I'm worth, this is a conversation I had with with Rick Pitino. We, we had a pretty big, expensive contract with him. And he was he was a close friend. But he even challenged me. He said, Listen, you're my business wouldn't be making millions if it wasn't for you. He's like, What do you want me to pay you? What would you charge me if I was not your friend? And we told him and he's like, great, and he paid it. And it was like that was a challenge to me. That and he always encouraged me. He's like don't undervalue yourself, just because you want to protect the relationship just because you think that people can't, can't afford that or things like that? Because here's the thing is oftentimes those people, they're spending more money with other people. And then they're giving you pennies, because we're not asking for what we either believe

[1626:38] Speaker 4: that happened with my friend actually, yeah, yeah. And so then she got nothing. And now he's putting yet weight. Right.

[1628:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And so it's like, again, this, the fact that you're aware of this is great. I don't think we're going to come to a solution. No, no, no, right now. But processing through this and really just like thinking about it is I've always whenever I raised my rates, I in the beginning, I always did a 1.5x rays, or a 2x. So like, if I was charging 100, I would go I would raise it to 150 to 200. Right, because charging 200, I would raise it to 300, or 400. And so that was like a comfortable increment that I found that, you know, for instance, I hadn't even mentioned it again, today, like we're we're closing down our one on one coaching offer that we had offered in November, it's $9,600. I've already planned out that this pack, because we've already had a number of people sign up for it. I'm super grateful and excited that we have a number of members that are going to be working with me in the one on one coaching package. So I know that the package of what I offered is in demand because it a bunch of people bought it in November, a bunch of people are buying it right now. But I will be raising the price to it to probably about 15,000 in November, if I ever if I do another promotion like that. Okay. And that's kind of part. So it's a 50% increase at that point. Because I know that the demand is there. And also, by the way, I love everybody in this group. But I also I do this as a business that makes a profit. And so I know that I need to raise my rates to accommodate with where things are going and where things are headed. And I and I've come to the conclusion, like I don't feel bad for that, that I might be pricing some people out in November at that rate, but that's what I need to do to grow in my business. And then what I also plan on doing is by the end of the year, having some kind of a, you know, maybe like a $10,000 group program that we might offer people. That's like that's another level above this. Yeah, we fully mapped that out yet. So don't hold your breath for that it might not come for the till next year. And I've

[1660:57] Speaker 4: requested maybe another course for you. Yeah, is tapped out at certain conversations. So years ago, a company wanted to hire me to do something for 770 some odd dollars, and I got them up to 1200 they ended up paying me more. And a woman here doing similar work, which I'm not doing at all now lately, but she's doing similar work, she was getting very little bit of money. She said I've never made four figures, and I only made it like a few times. And she said to me, she was going to something for Mitsubishi and she was charging 3000 I said you need to be charging 5000 The company said we want you to ask for 6000 A won't give you 5000 Correct. There's company i What stops me too is that I don't know how to have these negotiating conversations. So if you say my fee is 5000 or 10,000 or 2000 or whatever, or 500 and they say I can't afford that. And you don't want to lose the client. You know, but you want to have a negotiated

[1676:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: God willing to lose the client though to

[1677:10] Speaker 4: not know some of us need clients. Okay. Yeah. Not in your position. So, you know, you don't want to lose the client. You're coming in at a price that's not in their budget that they can't do but You, there's negotiating conversations that you're on how to I don't know how to have those,

[1681:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: this book is probably one of the best ones to take a look at. Never split the difference.

[1683:12] Speaker 1: Negotiating as if your life depended upon it. Okay? And when he breaks out, so he's he was an FBI hostage negotiator, Chris Voss was. And in the book, he breaks down that we're not actually trying to get people to say, yes, we actually want people to say no, initially, because no in negotiation is actually a better position to get the other side of the table too. Because then you can help them see the logic in a better approach that you're trying to get them over to. So again, negotiation is kind of like

[1691:50] Speaker 0: it's, it's,

[1692:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's uncomfortable, but it's a necessary part of our world that we're in, to grow in and to learn. And this is one of the best books that I know on it is this one, as well as the series, Crucial Conversations tools for talking when stakes are high.

[1696:52] Speaker 4: I just know, there's other tools that like, you know, you can you could say, well, listen, if you come here, I'll throw in my books for you or all throw in

[1698:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: different bonuses ways to sweeten the deal with things like that. Totally. Yeah,

[1699:48] Speaker 4: that's do these books address that?

[1700:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not necessarily, this book actually addresses it. The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy. Okay. Yeah, so this one addresses that in this section, I'll just break down what some of those things are. Right here. limited availability is one of the number one things or even an enrollment deadline, like I only have a deadline until this will lock your price in at this price, things like that. That usually is one of the best ways to get people to move, as well. As you know, after this deadline, it's going to cost more. So the idea that there is a premium for waiting, if people wait. Is is one of the is one of the things that you can do. So that's not necessarily bonuses, but that's a way to motivate people to move forward. As far as bonuses go.

[1714:25] Speaker 4: I guess I'm talking more about companies, if you're negotiating with a company to go in and be a speaker, or workshop leader, that kind of thing. All right.

[1716:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lot of that has to do with just your A, you definitely have to have a level of confidence that you can deliver what that I ever wanting. And you show up with confidence. And I I've always gone in, it's funny, I've I guess I've never had anybody asked me this question before as why. But I've always gone in whenever I've like had to speak with a company. And I've said this is what I can help you with, this is what I'm not, this is what I'm not going to do for you. Because it's not really my lane where I have to find somebody else to do that. And here's what it costs. And if you would like it great if you don't, no problem. And I've I've just always found by having that position that I'm not desperate for the contract to be more effective for, for actually getting them to sign on the dotted line is that you're you're not trying to convince them that they should work with you. The fact that they're already having the conversation with you shows that they that they want you to sell them something that solves a problem for them. So the fact that you're having a conversation with a company, I guess

[1734:47] Speaker 4: it's those questions where you say, you know, they say, well, we can't do that. And you say, Well, what, what what can you do? What is your budget?

[1736:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's what I'm saying is these two, these two books really do cover a lot of that, okay, the Crucial Conversations book and never split the difference, everything's ever a lot of strategies for exactly that. It's like, you know, how to get the best price that you want and how to do that when negotiating with, with company. So that's why I say, I used to really recommend these a lot to people, I've read them like 10 times, and they helped me so much in those situations, which one this one is gonna be the first one you're gonna want to check out and ever since it's such it's a fun book to listen to. It's crazy this some of the stories that he has in here. One of them like negotiating with a with a, a terrorist leader to give a hostage back and how he was able to do that. And it's a story that sparks I can't really break down the story the way that he does, but it'll spark ideas in how we negotiate well, by helping basically the whole idea is we have to help the other person see that we see things from their perspective. Okay. Yeah. So he so he talks about like, homicidal maniac, terrorist leader, nobody wants to see things from their perspective. The only way I got the hostages out was by doing the very thing that most people would would be terrified to do. And he got the terrorist leader to be like, literally, the guy was like, You're the one person who understands me from the position of why I'm doing this. And then he gave the hostage back. So I was like, okay, that right there, it's all about when we understand with empathy, and we go to the table, especially with corporate, as we have empathy for what they want. And we we demonstrate that we want their best interest in mind. And their best interest is actually more important to us than our best interest. So I think that that's, that's a big part of that position to take. I don't know if I have a course that I could do on that. But that's why I'd recommend these books. Oh, that's great.

[1768:35] Speaker 4: Yes. Thank you. That's great. Thank you so much, Jeremiah. Awesome. All right, Angela, Rose, hey, hey, hey,

[1770:59] Speaker 2: I just want you to know that this first session that I've attended, far outweighs the cost of your program for the fire year.

[1773:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love that. And that's the goal.

[1774:41] Speaker 2: I also want you to know, I'm so grateful for your vulnerability at the beginning of this call, because it

[1776:42] Speaker 0: it gives me a lot of hope. That's awesome. Are you feeling so thank you. That's good.

[1778:13] Speaker 2: Okay. I didn't intend to cry on the sick.

[1779:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have cried. I cry all the time. So

[1781:18] Speaker 2: anyway, I just wanted you to know, I appreciate it. Yeah. Okay, glad you're here. Thank you. I've got my niche. I have a sales page, I have a landing page. I have done a webinar,

[1785:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: post those in the group, let's post your sales page in the group and I can take a look at it this week. That'll be a great thing I can do.

[1786:41] Speaker 2: Okay, awesome. I will do that. Um, I have a webinar created. And I have done

[1789:29] Speaker 0: multiple

[1790:05] Speaker 2: different types of training. Like I've done a five day challenge. I did a a live zoom call masterclass. And I have I have sold up to four figures. My question is, um, right now, my list has been pitched to several times. And I have not run any Facebook ads since the end of 2019. Because you do regroup and get things in order because I was dumping money in a bucket with a giant hole in the bottom. Because they were coming to this. They were registering for the webinar, they were signing up, I had, I had sales, but I did not know how to analyze the data to be able to scale it. And so at this point, in this online journey, before we launch at the end of August, my question is knowing that I don't have fresh people, I just have a list that's been pitched to several times. Where should I start? Should I start?

[1809:44] Speaker 1: I think you would still use that list and present them with like, what you have what you offer, leading up to that. There's a there's a concept to where to revive an old list is you just spend two weeks sharing stories about your experiences between 2019 and now.

[1815:39] Speaker 2: Okay, I mean, it's not. I have a great open rate. I send out a newsletter every Sunday. So it's also you email them consistently, consistently every week. I mean, my email open rate is

[1818:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I misunderstood. I thought you hadn't emailed them since 2019. No, I

[1819:27] Speaker 2: haven't. I haven't done Facebook ads. I do have some organic traffic coming in on a regular basis. But I have not done any Facebook ads since 2019. But I consistently every single week, I send out a newsletter, I write a very personal email and my email open rate on that newsletter is between 35 to 48%.

[1825:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. Yeah. And so when's the last time that you've like done a webinar and sold them something?

[1828:01] Speaker 2: Last time I did, that was the end of December beginning of January,

[1829:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. It's been a while so that so they're there. They're okay with I would say that they feel they would be the ones who open all the emails already, they would be okay with you sending them something now, before what we want to figure out is his like, it needs to be really aligned with what that list desires, and what they would like to learn from you to get those people registered for it. And then you can also then launch that with the paid ads out to people to get some new people to register for it on your list. So at what stage of that are you stuck at and then how can I help you? Okay,

[1839:43] Speaker 2: so when When I did the the masterclass it was on building menu plans, because the whole course the program is on releasing the weight on the inside in order to, to release the weight on that. For people who dealt with yo yo dieting. Okay, menu plan masterclass, but my webinar is, is much more targeted to dealing with soul wounds and that type, that type of thing, eating, you know, comfort, food eating and that kind of thing. So ideally, I would love to send people just straight to the webinar or me doing the webinar live. However, when last time I ran Facebook ads, I got shut down because of the word weight loss or dieting and that kind of thing. And so I have to be very cautious of advertiser less,

[1855:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're less stringent today than they were back then. So that's a good thing. That's awesome. They are allowing a lot more things that they blocked. Most of my ads that I'm running now, I wouldn't have been able to run a year ago. Part of that is because the quality of Facebook's users is diminishing. They're trying to just compete with Twitter. You know, we're gonna start, I still can't seem to get Twitter's ad algorithm is terrible, right now. We've tried to run ads on Twitter, it just it's not it doesn't work. Once it does work, I'm going to spend a bunch of money on Twitter's ads algorithm. But still Facebook and Instagram is still the best place to to interact with people. But the way that we interact has changed, especially since 2019. is we want to really lead with what's that sort of dream outcome like that they have? So they they want to accomplish something that they've been stuck doing. Right? What's the root of actually losing weight, it's confidence in your own skin. It's confidence in being who you are to show up at that, whether it be released and really your message is holistic, it's more than just weight loss. So because we know that an offer that leads around confidence is might be helpful as well. And then what's the results of that confidence? Competence in what area comp is it going to be confidence in? Is there a pattern that you notice of the people that you reach as far as like what they do professionally, and their lifestyle and what they do, and the people they interact with and their personality?

[1881:23] Speaker 2: I mean, I do have a very niched audience of Christian women between the age of like, I mean, I've had Okay, great.

[1883:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Isn't all Christian women, the majority, hey, then I would make that a big part of your advertising and your your promotion is that this is this is for Christian women that they want to, they want to feel even more confident in their own skin. And they want to. Again, it's such a it's so nuanced, because it's like your, your weight doesn't determine, you know, your value of who you are. But that's how they see themselves initially, right? And so and so because of that we have to your message might be the complete opposite of the language that's going to actually attract the women that you're wanting to attract. Okay, as you might have to use some of that. It's almost like, it's hard for me to like, say it, but like, like, you don't feel like you. You're you have worth. Yeah, you look, yeah, I like speaking to that Christian women that don't feel like they, they, they know their worth, they know that they're worth something to God, but deep down inside, they don't feel that way. And they wish that they could feel better. Yeah, like speaking that, that. And then your message just completely opens up a world of possibility for them.

[1905:14] Speaker 1: The first part being that your worth is not tied to how you look, right, but then also, let's take care of our physical body as well. Because, you know, we're gonna be able to show up better with more energy for our families, that the truth is that you're able to show up for what God has called you to do when you take care of yourself physically. That is an undeniable fact. Because if you are fatigued, and your brain is foggy, and all of this and it's health related, that and so so lean into more of that side of it, okay, then the weight loss side and Facebook can't say nothing to you at that point, and you'll attract more of who you're looking for, as well. And then you can start to speak to and like the bullet points, you know, struggling to lose 10 pounds, you know, feeling like when you show up that people don't don't respect you because of your carrying this this way. Eat things like that. I mean, that's a very real, hurtful situations that people are in. But if you can speak to the real pain that they're dealing with, right? There's a connection that's now built there of trust.

[1923:18] Speaker 2: So in the past, when I would run a Facebook page, and it would hit the landing page, the sales page, and it would be about weight loss. That's when they shut me down. So I'll drop my link to my sales page and the Facebook group, take a look at it for sure. Just so I want to tweak that messaging in order to determine if if we can actually run some Facebook ads directly to you know, doing a live webinar, I call it the Freedom Workshop, or if I'm going to have to continue to go that's

[1932:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: where describe like, what freedom is, you know, Freedom is the freedom to live life on your terms, versus just how things have always been, you know, what is the and I think about this, I always think back to even to some of the ways of how how to Danny Johnson describe a lot of what she sold to people, it was sold her a lot of it was all sold with a make money message. But that was like only five to 10% of what she actually taught. Exactly. So it's like, it's like, the hook, we figure out what's the hook that pulls people in? Yeah. And you want the hook to be very aligned. Because ultimately, making money was a big part of when people connected with Danny, that was a big part of their testimony, or they paid off debt and things like that it was money related in some way. So we're not disconnecting from that. Figure out what's the hook that gets the most qualified people in front of

[1947:11] Speaker 2: us? Yeah, because when I did the menu, blam menu plan masterclass, like, I mean, it was I had people, a handful of people show up, I had a lot of people register, of course, it was at the end of December between Christmas and New Year. So that's a challenging time. So I have a lot of people register, very few show up, and only, you know, one or two purchase. But if I can just go straight to the webinar, and still advertise and not get shut down on Facebook, that would be the ideal,

[1956:16] Speaker 1: I don't think you're gonna get shut down with what I just told you on how to do it. So okay, and, and make a new, maybe make up a new ad account as well, just to kind of reset some things in there. Okay, and then start start from scratch. That's another way, because I had to make a new ad account last year, because they did they did shut down one of my accounts, a lot of in the last year, their recommendation is if you're getting shut down, just make a new account. So they're so they're, it's interesting, a lot of the recommendations that they gave like 510 years ago, they've completely backed off on and change their their their advice, officially from Facebook, which is so funny.

[1966:48] Speaker 2: That's good to know.

[1967:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right, Seth, how are you? You've been waiting patiently. Thank you for being here.

[1969:23] Speaker 0: Yes,

[1969:38] Speaker 5: thank you, Jeremiah. Oh, not much just living the life over here in North Carolina. So I had a question about kind, of course, group course creation, okay, we're, we're already taking people through training and have customers and clients outside of doing any ads. But we're obviously wanting to do that, where we'll have more of a group coaching session. So we're just trying to debate my partner and I'm on do we create the course that we already know works? Or do we try to use the feedback loop and do some of these live events to help determine the course. You know, I just, I think our thought is, we may be a little bit further along, and I would do both

[1984:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: in your position, I would do both I would I would make the course and do the feedback loop and just kind of that's gonna, that's gonna get you going the fastest is just doing both. So then you've got two different sort of resources there with people because you have a lot of that data of working with people already, that that gives you the ability to let's create that asset that we have. And I would try to get it done as quickly as possible, like, you know, a week or two, like just give yourself a week or two to record the whole thing, because then you got it done. And that's one of the biggest things is like, you know, we don't want to drag on this process of recording all that. I say that not just for you, but just for other people here. I you know, I've met people, they're like, I'm waiting to record my course five years later, I haven't made lesson one yet. Like, okay, let's, it doesn't take that long. It doesn't need to take that long. It might take you that long. But let's let's let's shrink that timeline down. And then now that we have this asset that we can send to people and do that. Here's one thing that I have noticed Mostly because you have a service based business right, and you're moving into, a lot of, I have not found most of my service based clients don't want to go through courses and coaching with me. And so I found that I had to get new people for the coaching side of business, I found a lot of people that were in the service based that I had worked with and done services with, they just, they just wanted me to continue doing the work for them. They didn't want to learn how to do it, they didn't want to go through a course they didn't want to learn how to do it themselves. You couldn't say, you know, our contract has transitioned to this as part of it, and we're gonna give you this as a bonus and access to that. But you're gonna sell more to pulling in new people around the actual coaching, and the group coaching, and the mentoring that you're going to be doing as far as how that goes. versus trying to get the existing agency people to become coaching clients. It's better to just go find new coaching clients, and then sort of sunlight, some of those agency people, once the coaching income is replacing them, as you start to sunlight, them and even move on from some of the agency clients. Great. Yeah. I mean, I think that's in the process. That'll be one of the that's that's kind of a that's a difficult balance to do. But you can you'll be able to do it, I've it's been one of the hardest things for me to do. That's why I say it's difficult. It might not be difficult for you, but

[2023:33] Speaker 5: awesome. Does that help helpful? Yeah, it is. Thank you so much.

[2024:33] Speaker 0: All right. I'm excited to see

[2025:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you guys put out there. And what you as you start to get some people do you know, what you do? Have you done any just like zoom presentations or webinars yet?

[2028:33] Speaker 5: No, not on this. I mean, basically, you know, we've, we've sold to people, but that's more one on one. So nothing with the group. So that's the thing that we're really trying to just get up and running. Because we think that that, again, we have the people that we're doing it for them, I think this other model is just going to help us kind of have that reoccurring, but also that good base of people that could be a feeder into the other stuff, because right, I think we'll have a little bit of two groups where it's like, we want these people to learn how to just understand the concept themselves. But there's going to be a select group that we that they probably want to just spend more money to help make it happen as opposed to doing it all themselves. So the hope is that we're not spreading ourselves too thin. But you'll definitely want

[2042:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: to raise your prices on your agency stuff once you do that, too. Okay, kinda to kind of separate from each other, as well. And play for new clients on the agency side of things. Again, we got to pay the bills, if you have income coming in, that's great. Keep that coming in. But, you know, there was something crazy that happened to me. This is what I have to draw from, you know, we were we were making a six figure salary from working with Rick Pino on his stuff. And as soon as I, we like, lost that income, my income in the coaching business 10 Next The next month. So as like, as soon as I kind of was like, Okay, I'm gonna go all in on this coaching, business side of things, the creativity, the resources, and all that shifted in that direction. And everything changed. And I'm starting to see even another level of that happening here, by the end of the year in my coaching business two, that's going to take things to about a 10x where we're at now.

[2059:04] Speaker 5: And so, with your, with your one on ones and that sort of stuff, like it doesn't seem like that's a huge focus for you, it you know, provide some things. So

[2062:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's high in demand is why I still offer it. So people are still asking for it. The one on ones. Um,

[2065:09] Speaker 0: it's not,

[2065:30] Speaker 1: it's not something that I'm trying to like, push a bunch of people to for profit, but it's something that I get asked constantly for. So because of that, I'll provide it while I continue to be asked for it. It's just not going to cost you know, my one on one coaching was you could buy my first three years ago, actually, even two years ago. You could buy eight sessions with me for 1200 bucks.

[2073:34] Speaker 0: And I am never doing that again. Also those

[2075:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know if any of them are on this call. Most of those people were not they never did anything with the training or any of their our coaching calls. So yeah. One on One is it's very time consuming. I enjoy Lia, in the moment I enjoy doing the sessions, it's not what I plan on building and scaling my business around, I can scale my business with group stuff. So cool, thank you. So mom doesn't even do what I want anymore at all, for anybody.

[2084:47] Speaker 0: I won't be doing it

[2085:24] Speaker 1: probably after, because the reason why I told people like, okay, they're grandfathered in until March 2025, is, I might not be doing any one on one coaching after that. Even for people that had previously, you know, if you already have sessions with me, I'll honor those, but not going to be selling more to people that, you know, I may change my mind, then. But I don't have a plan to always be doing one on one coaching with people.

[2093:08] Speaker 0: It's just not, it's not, I, I bought this.

[2095:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: For the lifestyle that I'm creating for myself, to sell hours of me hopping on zoom with people, it's super valuable for people that buy it. And so I don't want to negate like those that have purchased a package or me not enjoying or not delivering good quality to you. And that's why I continue to sell it. But it's not. I just know that it's like 1/10 as effective to grow my business with than the group stuff. And so that's an area where like, I have to make the hard decision of like, even though people want this from me, at some point, I'm going to have to stop doing it. And so and so, and that's also why it's not cheap, either. And that's and that's why that is and so we just have to make the decision that we will do what works best for us. I absolutely love whenever I get somebody scheduled a one on one call with me, i They're super fun, I have a great time with them. The results of the one on one calls that I've done have been incredible. But big picture, it's not the it's not the long term answer. For for growth, the long term answer is still in the group model. Because that's scalable, because it's not limited by my time and ability of hours to show up. So I hope that that makes sense.

[2118:51] Speaker 5: And really does. So thanks so much share my Yeah, I

[2119:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I look forward to any of the one on one calls that I do with people, they're really fun.

[2121:07] Speaker 0: It's just not

[2122:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: as a business owner, we have to make those are that's one of the hardest decisions, I'm having to make some of those hard decisions to do. What's best and most profitable for the business long term,

[2125:20] Speaker 0: that might not be what people want us to do.

[2127:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: But for us to grow, that's where we do have to make some of those hard decisions. So

[2129:31] Speaker 0: all right, Dorothy, what's up? How are you, Dorothy?

[2130:58] Speaker 6: Hi. So things are sort of moving on with. I've obviously been working the last week doing these early morning sessions, which has been really nice, because I've been making connections with students. And it feels like it's having a really nice organic flow. So I've been getting a membership sales page ready. And also a yoga program sales page ready. So they're pretty much ready to launch. And then I'm going to be reaching out to people one on one as well. So there's a there's about sort of 40 or so people from three different Facebook groups that I was going to actually send them like a little short DM saying what they like to do a discovery call. And I would

[2145:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: ask them, I would say hey, how are you doing? You know, how did you enjoy the week? We had such a great time. You know, I'm curious, was there anything that you wish that we could have touched on? More that you still have questions about? See, put it in their perspective, their position before you ask them to do something like a discovery call to to give feedback in that. And now that starts the conversation with that. And then you could say, Yeah, great, that's awesome. We'll, we're going to be doing that this is the high with scripted out. We're doing that and one of our future events. I'd also love to offer you a chance to do it to do a discovery call with you, when would be a good time for that.

[2156:58] Speaker 6: So first of all, they speak to me and then about what's going on, and then I kind of get into because at the moment I'm thinking that it'd be good to have three products, the membership and And then something that's a bit, a sort of starter course, that has a kind of really accessible price for pretty much anyone, and then move up to, because I think the 997 is a really great program. And that's going to be for people that really want to go on a massive kind of journey. But, you know, obviously building up that relationship with students so that they then want to take a course like that, you know, I've got people who actually came last week, who I think, potentially would be that, you know, those people, but they might not necessarily have the money right now. So I'm also getting the presentation ready, which is obviously a whole big thing to do the presentation. So it's just the one that you're doing at the moment, the webinars course, is absolutely brilliant for me where I'm at, right? Because it's all about how to give a presentation, which is what I'm working on, you know. So the thing is, you know, sell the dream, where you get into what the dream is, and the content, and then the sales pitch, you know, so it's literally like working on it like an assignment, you know that you kind of really get into the nitty gritty of the nuts and bolts, you know, so that you can then put that together. And I think that is the absolute essence of why so many people struggle to make money is because they don't ever do that. They don't put together the presentation. And they don't deliver.

[2186:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Exactly, yeah, they're doing all the other stuff, but really presenting to people and building that nurturing relationship and trust with a group of people. Yeah, that will go with them again, you know, when we first started talking, you were in like the folk event space and doing all those different events and music events and stuff like that. It's the same thing with music events, people show up to a music event, because they know what they're getting into. And it's a community that they're jumping into the same type of thing with this as people join because they make that connection with you. And then you're able to deliver what that dream is that you're selling to people.

[2196:31] Speaker 6: You gotta Yeah, so So just in terms of like, you know, how I'm approaching it with people, you know, just really the price point and looking at these three different things, I've got the membership, do you think it's

[2200:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: tell me what those are? At the moment,

[2201:15] Speaker 6: it's 97 for the membership,

[2201:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, 97, a month, a year, a month.

[2203:08] Speaker 6: And then for that, they get five, one hour yoga sessions at the moment, I'm doing them at six or seven in the morning live. But that's only going to be a very particular type of client that will come at that time in the morning.

[2206:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then watch the recording. So later, yeah.

[2207:47] Speaker 6: So then it will be in the Thinkific vaults, and then they get one hour q&a, although I might, I might say it's a one half hour q&a, obviously, it could run on two hours, because these things, you know, they're sort of might unfold, we may

[2211:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to add in there like, Oh, I got like a short lesson or two a week two that touches on mindset and their thinking and, and strategies to improve in the yoga that you'll be giving. If you're not teaching that during the yoga lessons, you can separate that out. But you're kind of able to share that with people too.

[2217:11] Speaker 6: That sounds that sounds good. Yeah, definitely. And then, so then with the 997. program, that's that's like quite major because it's a seven week course. And it's to lots of two hours, Tuesdays and Thursdays, and then an hour and a half q&a midweek. And then a whole hour of us well, there's seven one hour lessons, which are all going to be about meditation, mindfulness mindset, working very specifically breathing techniques. So that's what I'm selling for nine.

[2227:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So for you, what I would do is I would sell them on the 997 and give them like a trial to the membership. Yeah. Yeah. And then they can find them. You can tell them, you know, you can go find the membership here on my website. That's where they can find that if you want to get started with that level. But but your goal is to get people into that 997 with you, and then have the recurring revenue of the $97 A month after that.

[2234:28] Speaker 6: Yeah, yeah. Because I was thinking about doing a thing of grandfathering people in if they sign up for the 997 course, that then say they can have a reduced rate on the monthly membership.

[2237:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, there's another thing that you can do. Absolutely. Yeah.

[2238:51] Speaker 6: But I don't know whether 77 might actually be a little bit cheap for the amount of content And then getting every week, but then also doesn't make it accessible to people. You know? No, I

[2241:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't think I don't think so I think for what you're offering, I think that that's a, that's a good price point. I wouldn't go much lower than 77. on that.

[2244:29] Speaker 0: Yeah. The

[2245:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have a lot of like, Now, here's where you might run into confusion, people say they're gonna ask you, what's the difference between the 997 and the 77? Yeah. And from what you've described, to me, it's very hard to tell the distinction between the two. Yeah. So because of that we might want to work on either we do combine them to where you're selling it as it's a package, it's 997, with that a monthly ongoing subscription, at this at this rate, and you get 60 days for free. As part of joining the 997. I've seen people do that really effectively, through the give like, first, the first 60 days are free, as part of the program for 997. And then the ongoing is this, and that gives them access to with the ongoing, they, they get access to any sort of updates, additional classes, and things like that, that you offer people, I find that that's a really good offer. It's very similar to what I'm offering, but you're able to get that that up front 997 from people that can help fund your Facebook ads better. Yeah. And maybe offering you know, an initial, like a two part payment plan have of $500 or something on that initial payment. As part of getting started. Yeah, yeah, you can literally just address it, you can say, Hey, can I just join the $47? Membership? That's where you make the choice of are you going to let people enroll in that separately or not? And you could say, No, you know, to enroll in the membership, you have to join the main program, because everybody jumps into the main program, and then that becomes part of our sort of like the community dues and fee to stay on with us as part of our online gym or whatever you call it. As far as that goes. And explaining it in that way. If you separate the two out or you're offering them separately, you're gonna get a lot of people gravitating towards the cheaper level. And they may be confused as to why they need to do the 997. So keeping them as one offer is probably going to be more financially better.

[2279:35] Speaker 6: Yeah. Yeah, cuz I think so I need to just get really clear on because the actual the 997 is much more of a deeper journey than the because it's

[2283:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: because it's a deeper journey. Maybe we see if it's a deeper journey. I'm wondering if 997 is is too cheap?

[2285:48] Speaker 6: Yeah, well, this is it. Because it's I mean, when you're at the scarier belly yoga, you're doing a two hour class, it's completely different than doing a one hour, what's completely different. I mean, when I'm doing the morning session, it's more like, yeah, it is spiritual, it is a, you know, you're doing yoga. But when we're doing these two, two hour sessions, plus the hour and a half to two hours of q&a, it's people really going into their sort of transformation, talking about when things come to the surface.

[2294:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, okay. value. Now you're explaining this is great, this dialogue, you're explaining the differences between that and the difference between the two. So now you can put that premium price tag over here, and still sell your membership, as long as it's very clear how different the two are from each other. Yeah. Otherwise, people are like, you know, what, which one should I choose? We did that successfully with Rick's worship coach, worship coach has all this training and stuff like that over here. But it wasn't what he was selling for $1,000, which is all about music publishing, that wasn't covered in worship coach. And so go through worship coach, it was 27 bucks a month, he then raised it to 97 bucks a month. And then if you want the like, how to take things to the next level for you. And that's where you could include in your 997 or even 1997, a leadership track where they can also then learn how to even host their own classes. And that might even be like a $10,000. You have your own version of a certification program on top of that.

[2311:53] Speaker 6: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Because I think that this will be the first step towards that because this one that at the moment is 997 is really the foundation. So I think I need to sort of work on the wording more of it being a foundation in scaravelli inspired yoga, and what that actually means but I'm working on the titles of each session, so that it really does go through in those 14 sessions. Yeah, what those foundational aspect So are, you know, someone really can come out the other side? Is that okay? Right, I really understand scaravelli watches getting that,

[2322:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, what they are is is, is okay to go into later down your landing page for the 997. But what we really want to lead with his what you said about diving deeper into like the emotional aspects and being able to get that feedback and to, to work with you on a much deeper level is why they would make the investment in the nine and seven versus the ongoing. We're meeting each morning in a group, this is more intimate at the 997. And it's a, it's for those that are really serious on their journey, you know, you can enjoy the exercises and things like that. But let's go into the yoga lifestyle in the nine seven. And now that's where we create that distinction. If this goes for everybody who's here, if you have a membership that's cheaper, then a higher level thing, we have to make it very clear the value proposition between the two, which is why I recommend at the beginning, people have just one offer that they invite people to whether it be the nine and seven or a B the membership, because it's a little bit more advanced to explain the differentiation between the two, I think you'll be able to do it, Dorothy, and I think as well as you and I because I know we're gonna be working together starting next month, one on one deeper on this, this is where we're gonna be able to take that time together. And really dial in that nuance of how we explain the differences between these two, because it's not impossible to my mom does a great, she's got a $177 a month membership. And then she has a $10,000 higher level program that she does. And then she just sold $1,000 500 to $1,000 ticket to a live event. What we met on her and it together is what are the differences between these three different levels. And we got really clear on the fact that Okay, this one's for the beginners. This one is for people that they are taking action already. And they've maxed out this beginner level. Yeah. And so the distinction is there as to like, who it's for is it's a more advanced level, and then the live event pulls from something that's not covered in either of those. And it's a very specific thing, that it's tied to this idea of wealth creation for your family's generational wealth, which isn't necessarily covered in the stocks trading program, or the advanced trading program. But it's also more approachable for my mom's audience has been following her for nearly 30 years that they want to learn. Okay, how is Sandy, a different person today that she was even three years ago. That's why now she's hosting a live event that's $600. To get into, we got literally hundreds of people register for it overnight coming into this event, because we were able to make the differentiation and distinction between the value proposition of each of the different offers. So that's a more advanced thing is to have multiple offers. I only have why I guess I have two offers, I got my one on one offer. And the difference between that is it's you get to spend time working with me on just like one thing, your business, and then I get to work with you to help you with your copy, you also get to, you know, shoot me a direct message and and say, Hey, can you take a look at this landing page, and I'll take a look at it and shoot it back to you within 24 hours, things like that. So that's the advantage of that, versus the group program. So I've had to make sure to distinguish those two, Rick Pino, he had his $1,000 course, his $1,000 event and his $5,000, which then he raised a $10,000 group program. And then it's $27 Inner Circle, but they were all very different value that people got at each level. Where it got muddy was in the beginning, Rick tried to sell all three of them as the same thing, and nobody signed up for either of them. So that's why I told them, we have to make it very clear how they're different from each other. Even if there's a lot of even if there's a lot of crossover in the content, your sales copy has to describe why it's different if you're going to have two different price points that you offer people.

[2390:51] Speaker 6: Yeah. Right. So there's lots to lots to work on there.

[2392:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and that's, again, those y'all that like I just want to get my first offer out and like 50 people to buy it. Don't worry so much about this level of trying to figure all this out of okay, how am I going to differentiate myself and do that? Let's just get your first presentation going. Let's just get your first offer going. Dorothy did you find after doing this five day event that it changed how you look at the business model?

[2398:38] Speaker 6: Oh, absolutely. And it's it's all to do with how people are react. seeing, you know so much because every conversation I had, it just taught me so much you know about how to move forward with things, you know? Yeah. So

[2403:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: a big part of the learning is just the implementation and then going through the process too, which is great.

[2404:33] Speaker 6: I think I'm gonna try and do as many of the free events as I can, because that's just such an important part of the process. So I'm going to always be working towards the next free event, or, you know,

[2407:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: until, until I would say, do that for a year. This is Yeah, do that for a year. And you're gonna, you're gonna find, okay, I'm saying the same thing on the free event. So now we'll make it Evergreen. And you just run a recording an evergreen of your sales pitch, because you'll have it dialed in at that time. You know, it takes doing it for about a year to really dial in that sales pitch to where you can make it evergreen, at that point, because you're gonna notice the different feedback that you get from people at each stage. To really turn it into that.

[2416:54] Speaker 0: Yeah. Brilliant. Yeah, great.

[2418:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, awesome. So again, if you're brand new in the program, this is kind of how about like our Monday training days go. Next Monday is gonna be all q&a. That's why we do the Jumpstart training, because if I just brought you into here, you're like, it's a little bit like, might be a bit of a, okay, which direction do I go with things, the Jumpstart training is going to, I'm going to focus just on new members to onboard you into here's the lane of how to, to get up to speed with what all where the all the other members are at. So I look forward to on Wednesday, we're going to be meeting up and doing that jumpstart, even if you can't attend live, make sure sometime this week or next to watch the Jumpstart training recording. And that'll that'll help you get the most out of this program here. If you're a new member, if you haven't watched the Jumpstart training with me. Or maybe you want a refresher on how to get the most out of the program here. Be sure to check that out. We also have the archive of our previous jumpstart trainings, if you just want to go through it on your own time, those are in the members area as well. There's a Getting Started class and then it has all those different jumpstarts Ave, the Jumpstart is going to be in the Facebook group, there's going to be a link posted later here today for it. And an email will be sent out tomorrow. So you're by being in the program, you're already signed up for it to be able to get to get the login for it. It'll be happening on Zoom, I'll go live right around 3pm Central 4pm. Eastern, and then the link will be posted in the Facebook group

[2442:22] Speaker 0: there. All right. All righty.

[2443:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So will see everybody then I'm also doing a bonus q&a Tomorrow, just in general for my whole email list.

[2446:11] Speaker 0: That'll be at 1pm. Central 2pm. Eastern tomorrow,

[2447:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: the bonus q&a. So that's just for anybody who's on my list gives me a great way to kind of interact with people that are on my email list that maybe they didn't register for my events, but they want to ask questions. So you'll see that go live as well. No obligation. There's no obligation that you have to be on every call. But those that are on a lot of the calls, they do get the most out of this program. So don't feel guilty if you gotta miss. That's why they're recorded. And don't feel the pressure of okay, I have to watch every single recording either. If let's say that you miss for like a month, just get back on one of the live calls, and it'll get you back up to speed. That's the best way to do that. All right. I'll see most of y'all on Wednesday. Talk soon.

