Client Growth Accelerator - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-01-30T19:20:33.000Z
Duration: 66 min
Otter ID: sGWFo2-MTXpQnQwhu3_BkM2ozMk
---

[0:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Let's go live into the Facebook group here

[4:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: today, I have a hard stop at 12. Let's jump in right here

[9:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome to many of our new members that have joined. Welcome this morning to our live training. So this is what we do on Mondays every Monday on our live training. And next week is our live q&a Throughout the week, you can post questions in the Facebook group, so be sure to use the issue that I I can tell with that as some people may not like the that they feel like there's a lack of control over the answer of their questions, so they won't post in the group. And so that might be an area of personal growth for you to grow into, go post your questions in there throughout the week. You'll get a lot of value out of that. So that's in the Facebook group, most everybody is is in the Facebook group, the client growth accelerator, Facebook group right here. Okay, so you can post your questions throughout the week, I will get to them, we have a brand new course. two brand new courses actually that we've started this past week, automated marketing secrets and six steps to six figures as a coach, six steps to six figures is going to be like a flagship course, we were referring everybody to watch irresistible offers that sell and irresistible offers that sell is amazing. Incredible, do recommend you go through it. But six steps to six figures as a coach is going to take basically everything that I've done over the last 20 years. And I'm going to condense it down into if it was like one course to start with as well as one course to walk you through the process. I also plan on then taking the lessons and using AI to map out even a checklist for you. But as I teach the course, it's it serves as sort of that checklist it serves as sort of that process that you start with. And so I did step one, already foundations and deciding your niche. And this is probably again, this is probably the fifth time that I've taught this. But this is definitely the best training that I've ever done on on really honing in on your niche and your topic and what you want to teach for a coaching program. Okay. So that's in the members area. The other thing in the members area is automated marketing secrets, we ran our entire five day event. And the last two one day webinars we did, I ran recordings, and it was pre recorded the whole time. So automated marketing secrets goes into that we also add the transcripts to each of these. So if you read faster than you watch video, go read through the transcript, you could probably absorb some of the content possibly quicker that way. So this is which automation is best for your business. So we're starting those two courses this week and we just finished two other courses

[63:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't feel FOMO like you have to go through every course. But realize that these are a library of resources for you depending on if you're like hey, I need to grow in this area and to grow in that area. We just finished successful selling for people who struggle to sell this is going to help you know what to say to sell to close the sale. And then this is effective communication skills to improve your teaching and speaking. And that brings me to I'm gonna rely on a lot of what we do here. So coaching is kind of the main thing, a coaching business, a coaching program, a mentorship. Fastest business model for you to reach seven figures with fastest business model for you to reach six figures with. So that's why it's inside of this program. If you identify yourself as an author, a teacher, a course creator, mentor, a speaker, a trainer. A coaching program is going to be the the monetary financial vehicle that's going to get you in To those financial goals the fastest I've been however else, you identify what you do the most some of you your strength is in your writing. Some of you your strength is in your speaking and teaching. I am a speaker teacher, one of the things that I want as I do want everybody in here to grow in their speaking and teaching and verbal teaching ability. And because I don't teach without, I don't teach with notes at all. And so you want to learn how to tap into your intuition. Be able to read your intuition, be able to read a room be able to read an audience and look at what can I teach people, what can I bring value in. And then simultaneously, we can utilize tools like chat, GPT, and Jasper to help us identify maybe some blind spots, taking some of the Q and A's and things like that, to identify what what's going on. You might be like, Oh, it's a lot of work, it's really not a lot of work, when it just becomes a vehicle for you to express to people what they need to hear and help guide people to reach their goals, it all comes back to the impact that you're having on other people. And that applies to your time management that applies to your prioritization, that applies to your mindset that applies to your ability to sell. That applies to your funnel building. And that applies to getting traffic to your funnels. Those are the two technical things that everybody needs to do is you need to have a funnel that grows your email list that you are getting in front of brand new people who've never heard of you before and complete strangers. I call it strangers on the internet, you want strangers that are on the internet out there, joining your email list meeting you for the first time. And then you walk them through a series of activities to convert them from just curious to a sale. And simultaneously, you'll also convert a lot of people from just curious to no longer interested, the majority are going to be converted about at least 50% to no longer interested. And if you're doing it right, about 5%, too, I hate your guts. That's really weird. Just people get triggered by lots of different stuff. And so if you're doing it right, as a speaker as a teacher as a as a and I used to cringe by this term, but really, as a thought leader, think about it that way. This is sort of a group where we raise up thought leaders, how does a thought leader or an author or a speaker or a coach make a full time income is the process that we teach you. And so a lot of it is managing your energy, managing your time managing how you can connect with new people to then close sales. And closing sales at scale in a group coaching program is going to be one of the best ways to do that. But something I don't talk about a lot is is intuition. And I think that's really what I was wanting to lean into a little bit more today is that a big part of this business is you have to you have to really like feel it out. You have to feel what feels good, and have empathy for your customer. You have to put yourself emotionally temporarily in the shoes of your target customer to feel what they feel to identify, Okay, what are their pain points? What are their struggles, and that's going to help you. There's twofold there's two sides to this business. One, the coaching side, the teaching side the training site. I don't touch a whole lot on that in this session here. Because my main focus is I believe that you can grow in your ability to teach and lead and the only way you do that is not by listening to trainings. Not by listening to me teach sure you can model my energy. But it's by getting out in the field and actually coaching people. So you're going to get better as a coach as a trainer as a mentor and as a speaker by actually gathering people to speak to to coach to mentor and to train in front of you. So that happens by by the activity of doing that. If you're like I don't know if I'm good enough for people to buy from. That is how you actually get better at it is by having people to teach and to mentor that you get in front of so a lot of people think Okay, I gotta get better at the skill. Before I get people in front of me. That's the opposite. You get better at the skill by getting people in front of you And so that's why the majority of what what we go over is your sales, copywriting, your client acquisition, your funnels, and your ads. And intuitively, almost all of the decisions that we've made for our clients in our business, my mom's business, came from intuition and then logic. A lot of people go from logic to intuition. And that's where they miss it, what I look for is, I will get a spark of inspiration when I'm just doing something random throughout the day. And it will become the next live event that I put out there. Most of the ideas that I put out in our business did not come by me, poring over chat GPT content and, and writing down in a notebook and mapping things out and doing that it came by, I mapped that out first. And right here, I'm mapping out a little bit of the last three months of our Q and A's we've identified, these are some of the areas that people in this group, at least want to grow in want to learn based off of the questions that are asked. So I'm looking at how can I bring value to this, but I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna make decisions based off of this list right here. This list to me is kind of crappy. Well, I will make decisions off of as, as I will leave, I will go do something else I will go throughout my day, and I'll get maybe a spark of inspiration, intuitively throughout the day, while I'm doing other things, and then I'll go write that down on my phone. And then that becomes the idea for one of our next trainings for one of our next webinars, that's where I came up with the idea of, we need every single person in the client growth accelerator needs to become this trained assassin salesperson, to where you need to be able to close deals, you need to be able to when you get somebody in front of you for a sales presentation, you have the confidence knowing that I can close the enough of these people to be profitable as a business owner. Okay, and so I came up with that intuitively, thinking about everybody in this group. And then thinking about my most successful clients, what would raise and elevate everybody up to that level. The other side is the intuition. My intuition pointed me to that I don't talk on this a whole lot. And all of the success that we've had comes from, I touched on this a little bit a month and a half ago. Learning to and this is a controversial statement that if taken out of context and taken in other situations, it's probably not a good idea. Most of the time in life, you don't want to act on your impulses, you want to have self control, when it comes to your business activities. Because we operate so often out of hesitation and caution. It's actually better to act on those more impulsive, excited little sparks and ideas that you come up with. And usually what most people do is they'll have that little spark of inspiration. That's the intuition. And then their logic kicks in. And second guesses if it's a good idea, and then you come back to and ask your coach, is this a good idea, and then you end up

[219:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: mutating that idea, like, into something that the the intuitive idea was actually pretty good. And then it mutated based off of, well, I don't want this to happen, I don't want to miss out and based off of our own thoughts, it ends up turning into this monster that's really ugly and not very good to put out there because we end up second guessing that that intuitive spark, that impulsive spark, and so acting more on your impulses in business. Sidenote, not like, if somebody is mean and rude to you, not that you impulsively start cussing them out. Like that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about like, oh, I have a spark an idea. I'm gonna I'm gonna make a landing page offer for this. Okay, but I'm doing something else. So I'm gonna write it down on my phone. And then when I am actually thinking about building my business, I'm gonna come back to this and I'm gonna process that through chat GPT to be able to work on and massage and and see if this is a viable idea. So it's moving more on more on our impulses. The idea actually, there's a whole entire book written on this, by Mel Robbins called the Five second rule. Mel Robbins, the five second rule is all about, when you have an idea to do that's related to your goals that you have, you count 54321, and you act impulsively, and do that idea. And so that behavior, I can point to all of the successes that we've had in business, all of the successes, that that we have, I'm not gonna be reviewing anything here on this call today. I'll take a look at it sometime later this week. Again, for those of you maybe that are new, if you do post in the group, especially after a five day event, I have almost a week of like, catch up to do. And so there's a little bit of a delay for me to get back to people, especially at that week. And, you know, that's, that's how I've designed this coaching program, is, you don't get immediate response. When I ask questions on things you'll get, it'll be delayed. But I will get to it usually within the week to answer questions that are in the group. Sometimes it's the same day. So it's like, there's that but I don't want to set the expectation of that I always answer everything same day. Because sometimes, for me to provide you with the best level of coaching and answer it has to wait. It has to wait until I know that I'm in a state where I can actually answer it much better. So the five second rule by Mel Robbins goes over this topic of acting, and she says more on your instinct. If you have an instinct to act on a goal, you must physically move your body in five seconds, or your brain will kill it. So you must physically take one step towards that action, when you have that feeling or that instinctual idea or a desire to act on a goal or commitment that you've said that you're going to do. That's why if I had the idea to go take the trash out in my living room, it's usually a pretty good idea for me to go do it right in that moment in our house. And we know like if I have the instinct to go brush my teeth in the morning, it's probably good for me to go brush it when I have that instinct instead of say, Oh, I'll put it off to later, right? If you're finding that you behaviorally and this isn't for anybody to feel guilty about because I was somebody that and still do struggle with us to where you don't act on your instincts. So you put off things or because you're because you've got so much going on, because you're taking care of everybody else, because you're doing all this stuff. For other people. I wasn't for the first week that we had our baby, I was not eating drinking water at all. Like, it wasn't healthy. Okay. And so for me, I had to actually, when I have the instinct to eat and drink, like, I have to act on that now. And the baby and mom can wait five minutes, that type of mindset of, I'm going to take care of myself first. And I'm going to do what I need to do first before other people might be a major shift for you. But it'll it'll change your life for the better. Okay? So does is it is any of this helping anybody. Because when I when I when I want to get to is, and this is not to a lot of what I say during the five day events are it's there's marketing language to it, and nuance and things like that. Um, I actually really like I feel sad for some of the people who they went through a training with me on planning out their their coaching program. And then they went through a training with me on starting and growing a coaching program to six figures, right, start and grow your coaching program to six figures. And after 567 days of content with me, they say, you know, I'll probably get started on this six to 12 months from now. And I think about that, and I'm just like, okay, that's where you're at on your journey. But what does it take to get somebody to the place that if you're in this program, we need to start building and honoring our commitments and honoring the promises that we make to ourselves. If you're in this program, you're making a promise to yourself that I'm going to build a coaching business that makes six and seven figures and whatever level wherever you want to stop wherever you want to find like, that's your goal. That's great. This is not a life coaching program. This is not a program where I'm going to work with you through your trauma. This is not a program, I'm going to work with you through your mental blocks very much at all. There are other people that teach great content that are actually even in this group that that's what they do. You met some of them like Denise, she helps people with that. There's a lady who just came in this week, Kim Pomeroy, she's in this group, she helps people with that she had reached out to me, she's like, Hey, you know, it'd be great to interview you with that. And I'd love to see as we grow, I'm I am looking for people in the client growth accelerator to interview for our podcast. Usually I want to I want to see, you know, the people that I interview, I see that they're doing the work in the program, because then there's an alignment with our goals together is what it is. And so, but I'm not going to really go into a whole lot of that I might recommend you to some different books or resources. As a coach, as a mentor, it's your responsibility to work on what's going on up here to work on what's going on in your physical body, so that you operate at your highest potential and peak performance, to be able to actually do the things that you say that you're going to do. Big picture. And by the way, doing the things that you say that you're going to do big picture might look like spending an entire week resting, or on vacation, or journaling, or self care, or at the spa. Like like that could be with the intention of moving the needle forward. What we don't want to get into is, is habit or old habits of we have a habit cycle that pulls us backwards. And I experienced quite a bit of this with when the new baby was born, it triggered some old habits that I had one of those being not eating, not drinking enough water not taking care of myself. And, and because I'm taking care of somebody else. That's my natural Mo, y'all wonder why I say like, you need to take care of yourself first, because my natural Mo is to completely sacrifice myself for everybody else around me. Because I feel when I am in an insecure state or learning something new that my comfort zone is yes. Codependency to take care of to caretake everybody else. And so whichever your thing is, I usually find that people usually have one of two sides of the energy on this either you gravitate towards heavy caretaking, or you gravitate towards being very selfish, ignoring everybody else and only yourself and that also becomes toxic. And so it's kinda like both of those when you're recognizing, okay, I'm acting this way as an old habit that isn't serving me to reach my goals, we need to take some time to recenter and say, Okay, what habits am I not doing and you're going to find that, intuitively, you're going to find that by getting re centered in your, in your energy in your spirit. For me,

[380:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: getting re centered, involves spending time in prayer. When I pray, it really centers me whatever your spiritual practice is, that can help you and and it can help you tap into and tune into what are those instinctual next steps that I need to do? Oh, instinctually, okay, I'm not feeling well, I need to go drink some water. If I get up in the middle of the night with the baby, I need to make sure that I eat something in the middle of the night and drink some water that's transformed our weak right now by doing that, just by looking at what is working, what isn't working and then paying attention to how I feel in my physical body. I had this it felt almost like a vibration of fear and worry for about two weeks. And I had worked with my therapist on this. It was from memory of when my when I was five and seven years old. My mom brought home my younger brothers and they were just born and so they're was a memory of me at seven years old that I was trying to operate out of as a almost 35 year old. And it was this fear and this terror of if I don't do everything perfect, I'm gonna get punished and everything is gonna go bad in my life. So that's my like, when I'm at my worst, that's my worst fear is that if I'm not perfect, if I don't do everything perfect in order in line, my whole world is going to come crashing down, I'm gonna get abandoned, I'm gonna lose everything. And what happened during that season was, I was, I was raised by for the first five years of my life by my grandfather and my uncle. And both of them passed away that same year that my brother was born. And so I experienced that grief. And so I was literally operating in sort of that framework. This is why we need to pay attention to what's going on, how are we feeling like Monica posted in the group this past week, that when she went to go put her offer out there, when she went to go send an email out, she felt like really scared to do it, many of the activities that you need to do in your business, you're going to, it may trigger a sort of terrifying feeling in you. And if you're unconscious to it, you'll go in a cycle of, okay, I get that I have an idea. This is the cycle that we end up doing is your goals are over here. But it's like hot stove syndrome, here's you with your desires. And when you get close to that hot stove again, you end up saying nope, nope, not not this time, and you hightail it back to where you came from. And we end up in this loop. And some people end up in a loop doing this for seven to 12 years, unconsciously not realizing that, and usually right here, there's an automatic response that people have of. I'll do it next time, I'll figure it out next time procrastination on both a small or large scale, some kind of procrastination, that we're putting off, because we're trying to avoid that feeling of touching the hot stove, whatever that is, for us. Whatever that feeling is. And so for me, of avoiding the pain of what I experienced before we're where it gets difficult is we get we have resistance right here. And the resistance is from our experiences, and it's usually not in our mind, it's in our body, we will usually feel it somewhere in our physical body the resistance, like in our neck, or in our head, or in our arms or in our stomach. And that will end up hightailing it back to the safe place. When the goals that we have are on the other side of this resistance, so you might say, well, if I touch a hot stove, I'm gonna get burned. Yes, but also, you realize that if you learn how to use a hot stove, you can make a wonderful meal that can take care of a family. You see what I'm saying? And that's actually what it's very much likened to, for a lot of business owners is that hot stove feeling is making them feel uncomfortable, the resistance comes in. So then we hightail it back to our comfort zone, this creates this loop and we have to tell ourselves, I'm not going to get burned by crossing this line again. I'm not going to get burned by doing this. Because I have more wisdom. I have knowledge. I have the guidance, mentorship and supportive Jeremiah in the coaching group here. You want to know what this hot stove is for a lot of people. It's running your Facebook ads. It's it's putting your offers out there. It's putting yourself out there. It's using or it's using the technology the software. It's using Squarespace. It setting up zoom or it's doing the sales pitch. Whatever that thing is, along the process, we teach you the six steps You guys, you find your niche, you write your copy, we create the funnels, and then we put it out there to have people come listen to us. And then we end up selling them on our programs, and that creates a business that makes over $8,000 A month minimum is the goal. And I'd love for many of you to surpass that I really want this group to be a group of millionaires, not just six figure earners. You know, if you want to make six figures make a million dollars be your goal. It needs to be a little bit scarier than just what's comfortable. Your goal. And so whatever that thing is, where your resistance is.

[493:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's important to identify it, rather than to just have the habit of going back in the loop to your comfort zone. This is where it gets a little bit difficult is it it's, it's actually pretty, it's pretty challenging to identify, like, what the resistance is itself without somebody else seeing it in you. And so sometimes it can be helpful. This is why I mentioned, if you work with somebody, a life coach or a healer, or a therapist, or somebody who can help point out some of these resistance points for you, or a coach, or when you ask questions in the group. Somebody that can say, Okay, I see this right here, I've noticed this pattern. The pattern could be that every time you go to schedule an email, your brain shuts down, and you close the software out. And for some reason, you've spent six weeks and can't schedule your emails out. So that's a that's a cycle that's preventing you from scheduling your emails, could be your writing your sales copy could be, it could be any number of things, whatever your thing is, it's important to identify, Okay, where is that stage that I'm stuck? And then that's where you can come to me and say, Okay, this is where I'm stuck. And I can very clearly help point you to, okay, you've done this, have you done this? Have you done this and point you to what it's going to take to get you unstuck from that place. You don't, here's the last thing I'm going to say on this. And this might offend some of you. You don't have to get unstuck heal and solve every single thing to be successful. You don't that becomes procrastination, we end up procrastinating, like, Okay, once I heal from this thing, then I can be successful. And then another thing called once I heal from that, then I can be successful. And it becomes that becomes our resistance point, our resistance point becomes our own healing. Our resistance point becomes our own desire for growth and that and that actually becomes more of an addictive pattern, it becomes more of an addiction pattern, okay, I'm addicted to going to the next level of my healing before I get started. So that's why I say again, if you're in a life coaching group, they probably won't talk about this because like, the whole goal of the group is for you to progress personally. But I want everybody in here to actually start to take action that makes them financial results. And so if we, if some of these behaviors end up blocking us from making the finances that we want to make, we got to say, Okay, I'm not maybe where I want to be today. I'm not where I want to be where I'm headed tomorrow. But I'm better than I was yesterday. And I'm gonna give it my best shot today. And I'm going to start to trust the process. I'm going to start to trust that by taking action, even if I'm unsure. Is this going to work? Is this going to work out? Now if you're in this group, you can have the competence of when you when you present your offers, when you get feedback from the group. When you use tools like Jasper and shad GPT you're you're ahead of 99% of people that are out there. Before using that I'll say this mmm hmm, that's interesting. I just got a picture of something. You know, with every new progression of technology, the the people that it's first presented to try to use it through the framework of their previous experience. There are people who Love and trust, Elon Musk's self driving cars, there are people who would not touch one with a 10 foot pole. Right? You know. And so if we think about that, it's the same way with using AI to write our copy is the same way with using some of these technology tools. How we did things two years ago, before we had these AI tools accessible at our fingertips, was actually a lot riskier than it is today. Because when you use the AI, at least for today, in 2023, you're already 10 steps ahead of somebody who's not using AI, to do the same goal. And so anyone you follow the system that I teach of how to actually develop your offers, the risks are to be mitigated some more now, sure. You could run a campaign and get no sales, I'm not promising that everybody's gonna get sales, I would actually be thrown in jail if I did that. And I promise that everybody who's joins my program, make sales and makes all this money. Like that's not possible, because just joining a program like this does nothing for you. Just building your funnel, doesn't guarantee that now you deserve six figures in income. Job, just launching your ads doesn't guarantee that there's no business model out there that can guarantee that that's legitimate. There's a bunch of illegitimate businesses that may try to guarantee that, but it's just not reality. And so if you want to know, Okay, what does it take to make $100,000 a year in a coaching or course business is becoming very clear on two things reality. And taking personal responsibility, and being self aware, as to your own limitations and resistance points and roadblocks. Okay, so a, you're gonna usually find those, again, more intuitively, those resistance points as well, then what you do is you end up flipping it. When you see when you get good at identifying your own resistance points, you'll end up getting better at identifying where other people are stuck. And then you get better at creating offers that solve those problems for people. People are willing to spend money with you to get them unstuck and to solve a problem where they're stuck. The only reason that I believe that anybody is in this program as you want to make more money as a coach, course greater mentor, and trainer. Going through the courses isn't going to do anything for you. Getting on these calls isn't going to do anything for you, it's going to actually do something for you as what happens when you're not on these calls. What happens when you're not posting in the group? are you prioritizing your time to make 30 minutes or an hour to work on your funnel? Minimum? You could spend more time than that, but just minimum taking some time to do that. Okay, now that might be your resistance point. I don't have 30 minutes to build my funnel I've tried for six months. Okay. Why is that? When we start to map out and write down what am I doing all day long? What am I spending my time doing? You can then look out, okay? Do I need to be doing all of these things? And this might be your resistance point? Is that your answer? If your answer is yes, I need to be doing all of these things. And I'm just doing all of this from the time I get up till the time I go to sleep. That's that's the comfort zone. Somebody who says I can't move anything around in my life to make 30 minutes usually is again operating out of that fear that worry that trauma and that comfort zone because prioritizing things, moving things around opening up time and something moving them closer to the resistance point. And it ends up again breaking into that next level. If all you do is just sit on these calls and you watch these videos. It's time to start taking action on the things you learned. It's time to start stretching yourself to make a sales pitch to a real human being that actually breathes and eats and drinks and goes to the bathroom like yourself, it's time for you to make a sales pitch to people that can reject you. Because they're going to reject you actually, most of them are going to reject you. When you sell about 90% of the people that you meet, or come in contact with, will reject you. Which is why it's so interesting that we operate from this framework of, well, I want to, I need to get more perfect, so people accept me more. If only I was better, then people would like me more. And it's counterintuitive, because you will get better by doing it.

[651:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Somebody who is like my mom, who is an expert at sales, been doing it for over 30 years, someone like myself, who's been in this industry for 20 years. And yet 90% of everybody that we meet still rejects us. You're not going to like, change that by being more perfect. By having it more together. And so realize, do what you can give it your best. Take a look at who in your life. Who in your life behind the scenes, is telling you that you can't that you're not good enough that you shouldn't be putting your stuff out there? Or are you telling yourself that and that's where it comes to your own self esteem, your own self belief, your own self image? If what you have is this self doubt, and your normal Mo is, I doubt that I can and that you have more rare moments of I believe that I can, we need to figure out how you can have more days of self belief, more moments of I believe that I can't, to where you believe that you can. And you want to ask yourself, Where did this self doubt come from? Why did the self doubt come in? Who influenced it and usually that's like somebody that you haven't even come in contact with. In yours, that then you took on their words, and now you're doubting yourself inside. And that becomes your resistance point. And so this is why we have to identify like, what why are we stuck? I'm gonna I'm gonna say something that most people on planet Earth don't believe most people on planet Earth don't believe this. How do I know that most people on planet Earth don't believe it. Because if they did, they wouldn't be doing it. Okay. And so we can just look at the evidence, and most people don't do this one thing. And so it points to all behavior is tied to a belief. I believe that every behavior that we have, if you're not sending out emails, if you're not building a funnel, if you're not launching your Facebook ads, it's tied to a belief or a series of beliefs, okay. And the belief that most people don't believe, and I didn't believe it for the longest time. Until very recently, and so you might identify it's that I need to I need to say this the right way. That there are certain sticking points that are just not possible to get unstuck, from that there are certain situations that we are in, that are just immovable, that are impossible, that we just have to cope with. And I'm thinking to even okay, if you got a chronic illness or something like that, okay. I'm not particularly talking about those. At that point, you especially need to give yourself more grace. My mom built her multimillion dollar business with 14 autoimmune diseases by only working three to five hours a day or a week, because that's all the energy she had. Here's it. Here's a great mental exercise for you. If I only had three hours a week to build my business, what would I be doing to move the needle forward? And what I find for most people is it's not that so usually when they say I don't have any time. It's less that they don't have any time and it's more than that they have a version of what they want their life to be in their head and a vision. And it's great to have a vision of what you want your life to be. But it's this attachment to that, if anything is different than that, then it must not be right. It must be wrong. It must be the wrong path. Okay. Here's a great example of that. When I was working for my mom, I always had a vision of me coaching people with my courses. And, and I also had a vision of her and I and our family, having investments and trading stocks and growing family wealth that way. But then I got fired by my mom in 2018. And had to work through for four years, my own blocks and my own mental limitations that were preventing me from launching my own business. Because see, I was attached to thinking that I had, the only way for me to reach this goal is if I do it, underneath my mom's company, and it's her in it together. And so I was very upset. And I was making myself stay stuck in my disappointment in my attachment to what I thought how things should go, the vision that we have for how we want to go, if you see a destination, usually the process to get there needs to be more fluid, the path to get there is not, we we never see clearly what the exact path is, we can usually see the destination that we want to get to. And that's great. And that helps us point our trajectory. But it might be you got to go around the mountain one time and up the stream this way, versus just a straight shot. Where I see many people get stuck is, oh, there's a mountain right here, well, then I'm gonna wait for the mountain to move, I'm not gonna go around it as a stream there, and I'm gonna wait for the stream to dry up, and I'm not going to go around it or or get a boat to cross it. You see what I'm saying? And so we have to look at the resistance points, see, I keep coming back to this resistance point along our path to reach our goals, we have to look at those resistance points and say, Okay, this is just a temporary setback. This is just a detour along the path to get to where I want to go. You also need to ask yourself, hum, maybe the path I was on wasn't actually really the right path. And this detour is actually deterring me closer to where I wanted to go. Because I had a vision and idea that really wasn't fully aligned with where I was meant to go. So those are two sides of things. I'm not saying it's always that way. Really the life that I envisioned four years ago, when my wife and I got married, we're living that life right now. But how I got here was a completely different path than I thought it would take me four years ago. And so the choice that I had to make was, do I sit on my duff and do nothing for four years, and just hope other people change and hope the my situation changes? Or do I go out there and build and say, Okay, I have a process that I know is proven, that builds a coaching business to a million dollars, and I'm gonna keep building that process. And I'm going to, then I'm going to keep asking for help from mentors. I call my mom up and asked for help on things that I'm stuck with. In my life, and in my business. She just told me the other day, she's like, Jeremiah, the biggest thing, you're still trying to prove yourself to people, that you know what you're talking about. And you need to start believing more that you do know what you're talking about and stop doubting yourself based off of if are other people going to receive it. Are they going to like me? Are they going to reject me, I still deal with that. What happens when we deal with these certain things? Well, our language changes. And so language is the art of sales. What actually gets people to buy from us comes from our language. So if my language is being filtered through an attitude of trying to prove myself and trying to to validate myself, it's going to turn off good prospects from buying from me. And it's actually going to attract not so good prospects from becoming for becoming clients because they're attracted to that energy. Where was I going with this? Sometimes I get off track a little bit. And so a,

[802:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm just gonna say this, I'm working on myself in that area. That's why I don't try to pretend like I'm an expert when it comes to the emotional healing side of things because I'm emotionally healing myself. So I just invite you to go on your own healing journey yourself, because you're probably going to see massive financial breakthrough, just as I have. And then we have the courses in the members area, we have the trainings, the biggest reason why we don't build our business isn't a lack of time. I think it's just because we were looking in the wrong direction. I wish I had better words to explain what I mean by that. Let me try. This is what I mean by like. I'm more processed through and teach intuitively, I've never shared any of this before, but I'm more feeling it out as I'm as I'm sharing it. So we might say, Okay, I have no time to build my business. Oh, here's a great example. Just the newborn baby. Again. It's giving me tons of great examples. Like, I haven't slept. I'm not taking care of myself. I can either complain and look at I have no sleep I have all this time I have to do this. My wife and I are our bicker bickering. And when is this gonna end? Or I could say okay, what is within my control? Well, I need to look in a different direction. Okay, my diet? am I drinking enough water? Am Am I making sure to prioritize myself, here's the biggest thing that my wife and I did this week, we figured out times in the morning for us to trade off to take a shower. Because we know that us taking a shower, both of us is what sets our day up for success. We know that us eating breakfast sets our day up for success. We know that me getting up at five in the morning and getting a workout in sets our day up for success. So when I woke up around sometime between five, four, or five or six, to help feed the baby, I then got up for the rest of my day at that point. And I got ready for my day. And so it's looking at what can I do that's within my control that sets me up for success. So that while this is going on over here that might not be optimal. How can I optimize this area, and it will then filter into the area that I'm struggling and that I have resistance in? And what did I have resistance in I had resistance to processing a lot of the information that was coming at me, in my business, I had resistance to processing a lot of what my next steps were in business before the baby came. I had no problem mapping out and planning out what I need to do for the next six months in my business. Now it's a lot harder. So I don't feel super human as much anymore. But when I can take care of myself, I end up having more moments of my day. We're where my brain is operating at its best. And I'm able to map out and plan out and do those things. And usually it's while I'm doing other things, I might have a spark of an idea while I'm feeding the baby. And then when I'm done burping the baby, I'll go write it down on my phone. Or I had a spark of idea while I was while I was watching the baby. Was this for experiencing outages? Oh, but not in my area. You guys are here, right? We're not off the internet. Yeah. So here's what I did this morning. Now that we posted a picture of the baby, I sat down and I created a piece of content right here. And we got him right there right next to me. He's just sitting right there on the ground. I got him in the little little rocker. I'm bouncing back and forth. And I did a five minute talk. While I was watching him, I read somewhere that newborns actually liked to watch their parents talk. So I'm like, Okay, this gives me a great opportunity to be able to do this maybe you know, at some point, he's going to not like it anymore, but then I'll reevaluate at that point. But it's like what can I do? It might not be how I've always done it. Will I be attached to the fact that and then disappointed and upset and say that it just ruined my whole day and my business is ruined because I can't do things perfectly how I envisioned. What that is, is that's me trying to control every aspect of how things go. When truthfully, not everything is in our control like that. And so how can I control what I can control in my life, to be able to then get results in the big picture. And this allowed me to then move past the resistance into this next level of where I'm at. And so I just want to encourage everybody who's on here. Whatever your sticking point is, wherever you're stuck, you don't have to stay there. You don't have to stay at that sticking point. You can get unstuck. You can move things forward, you don't have to, just well, this is how life handed it to me. If it's if it's been, I tell people, more than 14 to 30 days since you've made progress in building your funnel, building your offer, writing your copy, that's a sign that you're stuck. Don't feel embarrassed, don't feel shameful. Don't beat yourself up, give yourself grace, say I've been doing my best. And then say, okay, what can I learn from this? Maybe you need to go post in the group and say, Okay, I'm stuck here. How can I get unstuck and start to move things forward for you? Okay. So it looks like, again, from a lot of the comments that this is helping some of you. I'm gonna it's going to take just a couple of questions here, keep posting some questions in the group as well. Like I said, I have a hard stop here at the top of the hour. So what we do in this group is we have the live training days like this, where I did a training, and then we will have next week is all just questions. Okay. And then throughout the week, there's also questions, okay.

[910:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Who has questions?

[914:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have a blueprint of all the steps for the funnel? For the funnel itself? Yeah, that's in the funnel building course. Also, in the virtual event playbook, the funnel is always virtual events. Okay. He say a little bit more about the difference between intuition and logic. Well, so logic is based off of what's provable, what's immovable. And what is guaranteed. It's more mathematical intuition, you often can't prove it, you have no evidence for it. But it just feels right. And so what I found in the coaching business, our most successful campaigns came from what we couldn't explain, but it just felt right. Oftentimes, when I tried to put logic to it, it made it worse. And so a big part of it is that's why I say it's all an experiment is usually you'll you'll have so the intuition is okay, now I need to experiment and see, what result of this produce where we get stuck is you end up in waiting for evidence that taking this action is going to produce results. And then that waiting for evidence becomes the resistance point. So but yes, I'm blueprint of the funnel, yeah, funnel building that'll go over building it physically in Squarespace, that course. virtual event playbook goes into the virtual event, like how do you run a virtual event. And then this is really becoming more of a blueprint for the overall business, building your offer the six steps right here. So like, here's the thing in this course, right here, the six steps. When I get to the funnel building part, I'm going to have one lesson that's going to be an overview for you. I'm not going to teach five hours of funnel building in this in this course, I will refer you then to this one if you want the technical aspects of actually building the funnel. Okay, but it'll be a blueprint that you can follow as far as the steps go. How do you run ads to promote your business? Facebook ads and Instagram ads course. If I put a blueprint into one course it would be a probably 60 to 80 hour course. And so it's it's just it's better to say okay, here's the path. And then if you don't know how to run Facebook ads, let's learn how to launch your first Facebook ad campaign. If you don't know what to say in your virtual event, if you don't know how to write, copy, let's learn how to do that. Okay, I have to sell now let's learn how to sell No, it's better to do that. And then start with the six steps to six figures course. Okay. Awesome, great session today very helpful, very encouraging. I'm glad, I'm glad that this helps. I think I pulled a lot of it again from from right before the session, I use chat GPT. And I took all of the questions that had been asked in the last like eight Q and A's, and just identified. This is what it identify as kind of as like who this group is, and what questions they have small business owners who want to improve their productivity personally and professionally, they may struggle with distractions, time management, and making themselves a priority. They're interested in using social media to build their business in a successful coaching program, they want to grow mentally, and physically, they usually value their faith, looking for ways to integrate it into their success. And then this was another round of it, they are entrepreneurs looking to improve their sales and messaging. Let me shrink this so you can see it better. They want to use AI and Facebook ads to reach their target customers are looking for tips and strategies to launch and grow their coaching business, through social media and networking. They also value self care and mental health. So this really describes I would say most of the members that show up and ask questions on these calls.

[983:25] Speaker 0: So I'm really diving into okay, what can I do now to more serve this group of people, even better? A lot of what we have in here goes over the step by steps of what you need to actually build your business. Where's those nuances of like? How do you bring your faith into it? How do you bring your physical and mental health into it? How do you solve some of these? These roadblocks that you

[989:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: have? How do you learn to be more efficient? How do you learn to make yourself a priority? How do you learn to manage your time and so that's, that's what I wanted to kind of touch on an overview today. And connect it to the natural resistance that we feel from the activities that need to wait that we need to do the hot stove is just a standard for whatever activity you're avoiding that feels painful when you approach it. Because we always we all we all have like one of those things. And it's I see it as it's like a birthing like we're birthing into our next season. But it's going to be painful to birth into that next season. And so you have to temporarily experience some of the pain, some of the growing pains of growth to get to your next season instead of avoiding it simply because there's resistance usually where there's resistance is pointing to actually the right direction that you're supposed to go in. Now, I'm not a big fan of like, Okay, we just push, we grind, we drive we, like I'm not about that. Because that often doesn't work. That's usually just us trying to operate in our old tools. And then it's just the resistance literally becomes harder and harder and harder. And we're like I'm at my wit's end. And so that's where it's like, take a step back. recenter take care of yourself, and operate from from a state of peace, rather than anxiety. Peace will always bring your goals more than anxiety will. So All right. Thanks for being here, everybody. Next week will be the dedicated q&a call. And I will I will this week since like I don't have I'm not doing like I say I'm doing quite a bit but this week, and next week, I'll definitely be answering a lot more in the Facebook group than I was last week as well. So be sure to fill up the Facebook group with questions. New members, we have the Jumpstart training on Wednesday, the Jumpstart training is going to be like new members start here and it serves as another way of it being that blueprint of where to start for you. We have a number of START HERE trainings in the Start Here. Called start here but it's called the Oh yeah, it is called start here. So there are a couple of jumpstart trainings. We put each jumpstart into the the recordings here. So these are all like for brand new members kind of an onboarding. So we're going to do an onboarding with you on Wednesday at what time is it in my calendar. I'll let you guys know what time it is here. Soon it's either at six or seven o'clock and I I'll post the link in the group here later today. And then on Friday and Saturday, we're doing offer Launchpad, which goes from morning to night. You don't have to be on live the whole time. You can come in and leave but If you are on there, what it is, is it's really a mastermind where we're going to work through, okay, your unique specific funnels, your unique specific offers. We do a copywriting day, once a month. This is like our copywriting day on steroids, where we're just going to spend time together, whoever's on that call working through, really your blocks your roadblocks, as well as helping dial in your copy, dial in your funnels, and dial in what that next step is for you to start to gain you some momentum. And so that's what offer Launchpad is going to be is to launch you to that next level. All right. That's Friday and Saturday, from 10am, central time to 4pm. Central time. 11am. Eastern, to 5pm, Eastern, Friday and Saturday of this week. So thanks for being on here. And you get you get all the recordings to all of that to you basically get the recordings to everything is being part of this program. So I'll see some people later this week, or next week on the q&a. Have a good one.

