CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-10-09T19:12:21.000Z
Duration: 124 min
Otter ID: vIcdNS42QI9yZo8xQIo2b8FHI_M
---

[1:29] Speaker 0: Go

[2:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's do this go live in the Facebook group here copy the invite link

[11:47] Speaker 1: All right.

[13:06] Cassandra McKissack: Welcome.

[13:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome in this morning welcome everybody. How you doing? Welcome to our live training and q&a here. So the format of this, for those that are that are new is we will have a training session here, where I'll be teaching for about 45 minutes to an hour on some topics that have come in some topics that I think are relevant to this group here, I got kind of a list that I've compiled. I usually spend Sunday night going over this. And some time in the morning on Monday, well, that's really full. Like, they fill these all the way to the top, and then you get water all over yourself.

[25:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyway, so yeah, this is our live training. Listen, if you're watching this on the recording, understand that I gear this training. So if you're if you're watching this, you're like he never talks about anything that I matters to my business, well go ask in the group questions related to your business, be sure to ask and engage questions either in the comments in the chat in the group, and things like that. And so that will make sure that I actually do during these live training days talk about stuff that is relevant to you and to your business, as well. Okay, so one thing I just want to go over just a little bit of housekeeping here, since I know that we have a bunch of a bunch of new members here. Just real quickly, let's open up this window here. Okay, so the Facebook group, remember client growth accelerator group. This is where you can post and ask questions throughout the week, you can ask anything that's in here. If you post comments in here, I'll be sure to respond. You can see like I was even, I was actually a pretty cool topic that I was interested in responding to. And Carol just posted 32 minutes ago, and I had some great insight I was like literally I just kind of shared about how to do what he was asking right here. Okay, and so this is a great place to learn different different things in your in your business. Now. In the group as well. We started two brand new classes, we have the MailChimp class and we also started the five minute Content Creation Blueprint Class, where I talked about creating your content putting your content together, how it doesn't have to take you a long time. And I think that that's really going to help people what are we doing after that we I'm planning I'm deciding what the upcoming classes are, we'll let you know in the next couple of weeks once this class and the MailChimp one are done, we'll go over that if you've ever been stuck with MailChimp and you've been stuck trying to figure out how do you actually get the you know the your maybe your emails aren't getting delivered. This is a problem that some people experience with their with their with their MailChimp account is that they can't get the emails don't end up in the inbox. People don't see the emails, things like that. That is something that the MailChimp class we just covered in the most recent lesson in there. Okay. And so again in the members area members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. This is where everybody can log into and you can access all of the classes, all of the trainings, any pre recorded stuff, any recorded lessons, and things like that now something that some people were asking about.

[72:00] Speaker 0: I'm going to be touching on it

[72:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: leading up to Black Friday, but I think it's good to start thinking about your Black Friday promotions now. And so that's something to think about why are we talking about Black Friday especially for coaches and mentors. It's relevant because it's what's considered a sales holiday. Okay, and so Black Friday, being considered a sales holiday means that people expect to spend money during that time. And so what that is, is you can come together. And what I like to do is we usually do a couple of different ways with Black Friday. As far as that goes, I'm gonna touch on this like a little bit, I got like three or four different topics I'm gonna teach today, this isn't just going to be about Black Friday today, if you're watching the recording your hearing, like I want to hear about Black Friday, understand that we're going to be going into like three or four different things here today. And I kind of got it split up into like 1015 minute chunks, mini lessons that we're going to be teaching today, which is pretty cool. So Black Friday, as far as that goes, the couple of different ways that you can do it is that I like to do that we've done is, you can either take stuff that you haven't sold in a while and discount it to people that might be in demand, maybe one or two of your most popular most requested courses or topics. But what I might do is I might take one or two of my classes now that we have so many classes, I might take one or two of them, offer them to my email list for 97 bucks that they can get access to. The other thing that I like to do is I like to do a really cheap offer something under $27. And we found that this is really cool. As far as engaging with people in lead gen. I want you to hear me out here. Getting people to spend money with you, even if it's just seven bucks is a very valuable exercise. You might think What does that matter if they spend $7, there's a trigger that happens emotionally and psychologically in people's minds when they expend money with you, even if it's a small amount of money, like $7. And so what we look for is, what are opportunities that we can do to get people to spend even a small amount with us that haven't spent anything, my goal is this, get people on my email list, and then get them to spend money and that money doesn't have to be $2,000, or even in my program. It could just be okay. Join us for the VIP for our next session. What I like to do with Black Friday is I'll take a bundle of some of my different free lessons and free classes that we put together. And I'll bundle them together in what I call a Black Friday bundle. And I'll create one unique training that's maybe 30 minutes long. And I'll bundle this and you'll see me do this and I'll sell it for maybe $5. And I'll put it out there and I'll run and I'll run some ads to it only retargeting people who've already engaged with me. Last year I did this, I think I had like 700 people by the $5 offer that I had. And a number of people then even became clients here in this program from that. But what that did was it moved people from just freebie seeker, to they paid a little bit of money. And so what do you put into that? Don't overthink it. I think that that's something that I can encourage you in in your in your business, is anytime we get into overthinking we end up honestly, in a downhill slope to what I call Death Valley, to where we're just we're just literally processing through and thinking through all of these different issues and things and ideas that we're that we are uncertain about. And we're trying to overthinking really is tied to insecurity. Most of the times it's not tied to excellence. It's not necess. It's not usually tied to trying to make things well, it's tied often to if I can make everything perfect, and I can think about it enough, then I then I will be successful. And I will avoid any of the risks that happen from making mistakes. And so what I find is Black Friday promotions, people overthink it way too often. I would say like, go with your gut when it comes to Black Friday. Keep it simple, you really can't get black friday wrong. And I think that that's the cool part about it is like, I take a look at like stores, they discount everything. They might not even sell the product that they discount because people didn't want it. But they put some different stuff out there. And so what I like to do with different Black Friday promotions, is I like to

[146:36] Cassandra McKissack: put together

[147:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: a variety of different things, maybe from some of the different free trainings that we've done, I'll put a bundle of some of the recordings. This is why I don't give away the recordings to my webinars to everybody for free, because now those can become bonuses for Black Friday. I could bundle one lesson from this class over here, one recording from this VIP over here and create a like a $5 Black Friday bundle that answers three or four different questions that people might have, so that they can engage with us. So that's something that I love to do put together a $5 bundle, maybe sell one of your classes or two at a discounted rate that you don't offer. And then what I like to also put together is like a sort of what I call kitchen sink. Limited Time. One week two weeks only offer that might be like a high ticket And that's where you would put together maybe your one on one coaching. And you might offer people your one on one coaching, where you are able to take people through the process of working with them one on one in their business, provide them with access to different resources that you might have lifetime access to things selling packages of one on one coaching and sell that as like a high ticket offer as something that's limited time to people that they can only get access to during Black Friday. So that's what I've always really liked to do. And that's what we've always done with with, let me just give you some examples of Black Friday promotions that we did two years ago with Rick Pino, I think we sold $100,000. With this, we took three of his classes sold them for $37 instead of 97. So we discounted them by 33 bucks, we sold a package of they could buy five hours of one on one coaching with him for five grand. And then we had like a $7 promotion to people. The goal of Black Friday isn't always necessarily to make a massive amount of profit. And really, you're not going to get sales from Black Friday, let me let me address this from people who don't already know who you are. People who don't know who you are people who have just met you, people have no clue who you are, are very rarely going to buy something from you on Black Friday, unless you put together some kind of an elaborate promotion that specifically like a black friday webinar that you're doing. So you know, for Black Friday, we're doing this free training, you can meet up with us at this time, again, everything goes back to in your business, building trust with people in 2024 2023. We're not living in a world where people just buy stuff because somebody had an ad on social media. And it looked interesting, that doesn't exist anymore. It requires that you build trust with people. And so Black Friday promotion is usually almost only ever going to be bought by people who are already on your email list, or who are already following you on social media, whether it be a Facebook group, whether it be a your Instagram, whether it be your your Facebook page. And so if you're thinking of Black Friday as a great way to get brand new people that you've never met before, into your pipeline, that's not going to be a very effective way of of doing that for you. And you'll you'll end up kind of disappointed with that. So, so realize that that as far as Black Friday goes, it's not a very good tool for getting like new people to you, it's might be pushing people who have already been looking into you, over the edge to work with you because you've offered such an incredible discount. And then this is where you get to demonstrate to them your value. Now everything that we offer people, whether it be a free mentor, straight promotion, a free webinar, a challenge, whether it be a a bundle of classes for Black Friday, whether it be a class, you always got to think about it as not information transfer. Not I have this great information, you should buy it because it's incredibly valuable. I want to shift your thinking out of that, in general, if I can, as a whole here, I'm just going to take a little bit of a sidebar here from the Black Friday conversation. This what I call it is the Pearl of Great Price syndrome. You may have poured and may value your information, your knowledge or skill set what you mentor people with ADD an extreme value 510 years ago, just by simply putting that out there on the internet, you would have hundreds, even 1000s of people then buying from you doing that. Today, that world does not exist, and it probably will never exist anymore. Because there are so many people now that have so much valuable information that they're mentoring people on it. They're coaching people on that they're training people on. So I call this the Pearl of Great Price syndrome is you have such a value behind your information that you put people don't value it at that level until you give them a reason to value it. And so anytime that you are, and this is so important that you understand this, because I can see this happening with people I've taught, I hear it. I see it in our group. I hear it in the questions, I hear it in your comments. I've poured so much time into developing this and nobody bought it. That means you value the amount of time that you put into it and what you put into it and nobody Seeing that value. So your exercise is not simply, here's my value, take it. And sometimes I think sometimes we think of ourselves that way, if I just look valuable enough to people, they're all going to want to buy from me. That's not the world we live in anymore. There's a, there's a ton of other coaches and mentors out there that have just as valuable content as you do. What sets you apart and cuts through the noise of that your ability to make a connection with those people to help them see the value that you offer. And that doesn't simply happen by just saying, Here's what I have. It's valuable, you should take it.

[252:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: It comes by learning how to communicate with people learning how to impart your beliefs to people, learning how to shift people's beliefs, in the direction of what you are offering, you're not going to get people to see the value that you offer, unless you shift their beliefs. 99% of people are going to think that you're just like everybody else. I had a comment come in on my social media, and I share this to you. It was a great example of this lady left a comment, she said, You're nothing but a vanilla just like everybody else, white boy that thinks he has something valuable to teach people when you're just regurgitating everything else. And there's nothing special about you. And here's the thing, I actually don't take that personally. Because on the surface, I can understand why she might think that somebody who I haven't built trust with. In fact, I want to honor the fact that she thinks that. And I think that that's something that we need to get to instead of being so upset by the fact that people might think that about us, except that that is what the majority of the marketplace is going to think that there is nothing valuable that we have to offer until we can demonstrate it to them. I didn't demonstrate this to this person. And trust me, I'm not going to try to, I'm not going to try to convince this person, I'm not going to defend myself, I'm not going to try to prove to this person that they should do business with me. Their opinion of whatever I put out there, they felt disqualified me from being listened to Great, awesome, no problem. I focus on becoming irresistible to the few people that love to engage with me, the ones that are here today. 23 people on this zoom call, and the hundreds more that I know that are out there that I can find through social media that are right where you all are at. And I don't worry about everybody else and what they think. But it takes a process of building trust, it takes a process of demonstrating and answering people's questions and showing them, hey, this is valuable, this is going to take you to where you want to go. And here's the thing, people don't value information anymore, like they did 510 years ago, they value the result the information is going to get them. And yet people are very skeptical, because 99% of people claiming to help people produce a result, don't do so well. And so people are skeptical. So you gotta you gotta like, fully accept the fact that people are going to be skeptical of what you're offering. Right out the gate, they're not going to see the value in your information, right out the gate. And listen, if this is depressing to you, if this is bothering you, if this makes you feel uncomfortable, I get that 100% Because this used to make me feel really uncomfortable. And I used to bother me a whole heck of a lot. Because I would go out there and I would get on calls with people. And I would be like, Do you not realize who you're talking to what I built in business and the fact that you're literally telling me that I have no value. But the truth is, as soon as I just started to accept that that's where people are at, that's where most people are at. And I would focus my energy not on trying to convince those people that they should work with me but rather seeing it as my job is to present to people and to demonstrate why they should do business with me versus somebody else. That's exactly what it is for each and every one of us to demonstrate why people should do business with us long term, not just a quick what we call wham bam Thank you ma'am. type approach. What that is a wham bam Thank you ma'am. type of approach is basically it's the sleazy, slimy sales approach where I just I got you to buy a sale and then I kick you out the door and I don't engage with you anymore. And I might hide and I don't want you to like talk to me anymore. When it comes to a mentorship and coaching business, it's always about the long term. It's always about taking things from step one to step two to step three, to step forward to step five. And so the thing is, is that many times, people are not going to see the value in that. And they don't think that it's worth their time. The biggest fear that most people have with coaches and mentors, is that it's going to take them way too long to reach their goals that they have. One of the biggest, hardest things with people that we try to avoid is wasted time. We're so afraid, most people aren't even myself. I'm saying this, we because even myself, and if we're afraid of if I pour all of this energy with this coach, and it doesn't produce the result that I want. Now what? And so you got to understand that that is subconsciously like three layers deep in everybody. That's your marketing tip. Is the subconscious. I don't want to invest this much time, okay, are this much money by the way? Okay, money. Think about this. You got to think about money from the perspective of a prospect $1,000 Maybe they make 30 bucks an hour? What does that add up to? They see that as what's going to cost me this much of my hours that I just spent to earn that $1,000? And what if it doesn't work out? Now I'm further behind, and I'm jaded, and I'm hurt. And I'm disappointed. So you're like, you're literally dealing with people's traumas and fears and worries, right out the gate. And then we're like, why don't they see my value? Why don't they see what this incredible thing or baby you have an offer that's gonna help them with that? And like, why don't they see that this is going to help them. To be honest, it's the responsibility on helping them see the value falls on us. And that really is the sales and marketing process of building trust with people, getting people to see that value imparting the vision that you have, showing and demonstrating to people why they should work with you. And so this is where back to Black Friday, Black Friday becomes an incredible opportunity to take people who may be price was the main issue that they haven't worked with you before. And demonstrate to I got I have 1000s of people we've added to my email list in the last year 1000s of people have not become clients of our program. Off of that we've had hundreds that have. And so I am excited because I'm my Black Friday promo, I suspect I'm gonna have at least 1000 people buying it that are brand new people that I've just met in the last year that have been following me and getting all my emails, and they're like, Okay, this is five bucks, what do I got to lose? By the way, anything that's like seven bucks. Anything that's seven bucks or cheaper, you can pretty much get anybody to buy it. At that point, you just won't really make a profit on it. But it's a great opportunity to get people past that purchasing threshold. As far as that goes, Okay, you're not going to sell like 10,000 things at $7 and make a ton of money. Just don't like think that that's going to be like what's going to happen, you're gonna make your money selling $500 $1,000.15 $102,000 main programs, that's where your profit margin is going to come in these $7 or $97, Black Friday promotions are in effect in a way to take the value that you have over here that previously is only accessible if people spend $2,000 with you, and give people a taste of it at a cheaper cost. As far as that goes. You know, and I actually look at even the retail Black Friday industry, a lot of the television companies that they sell these televisions for like 100 to $200. They make their money by getting you to sign up for a subscription on the back end, and then you got the warranty and then you got all of that. You got to understand that having some kind of a Profit Mechanism built into this is important. And so in your Black Friday promotion, you want it to be two things, demonstrate your value to people. Give them something that they have been asking for. I am going to say this and I say it all the time and I'm going to I'm going to keep repeating it like a broken record. If you don't know what people want from you, it means you're not engaging with enough people. So what you want to do is anytime you engage with the public, I call the public, people who come in through a Facebook ad people on your social media, people who are not in your main program, anybody who signs up for a $27, VIP for me, is still what I would consider the public. They're not part of my inner like, we don't call this the inner circle, but they're not part of my like, inner tribe, my inner circle, my group of people that are in here, they're out there with their own perceptions. They're not in this this community right here. Anytime you engage with the public, you need to become relentless with information gathering about two things. What are their deepest desires? What do they want more than anything else?

[412:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And not, and this isn't just like random, like, I'm not talking about like, oh, go find somebody at a pizza store? And ask them, What do you want? Well, I want a pizza that's not relevant to your business. I'm talking about like, if they're engaging on your social media, if they sign up for a free offer, if they join you on a VIP around a specific topic, that is a segmented out group of the public, that then you want to survey them and figure out, what do they want? What do they desire? What are the biggest things that motivate them, then in your Black Friday promo, you want to take one or two of those things and give it to them at an extreme discount. This comes very similar to the idea of a free webinar or a free campaign. And this is why again, I want to get you thinking about your sales and marketing from a perspective of not pouring so much time into it. Spending way less time coming up with everything else that you're putting out there. And focusing more on the volume of what you're putting out there. Let me explain this. We've launched maybe like 2030 different webinars in the last year. I have so much data from doing that on different topics, I invest now, maybe an hour two hours into optimizing each webinar, I don't I refuse to spend more time than that. Because it's not worth the ROI for me to spend all of this time perfecting anything that is less than $97, or is free that I'm putting out there to people. Okay. The same thing applies to Black Friday, we got to get out of the overthinking cycle, we got to get out of trying to make everything perfect that we put out there. And honestly, this can be rooted in, whether it be fear of failure, worried about how you're perceived reputation is worried about our people going to buy into it worried about really it all comes down to control, it comes down to trying to control what other people think about us, trying to control how people see us how they perceive us. And then we think that if I can control how they perceive us, that's going to equal sales for my business. I'm here to tell you the truth, that's going to equal $0. In your bank account, that type of thinking, it really will. Having this mindset of more, I'm going to put put some things out there, see which ones stick, and then focus in on the ones that are sticking better. Instead of trying to just perfect this one. Again, back to what I said Pearl of Great Price. Mindset, I'm holding this valuable thing that I want to make sure it's presented so well. It has a nice bow on it. It's all perfect no like that is that's a recipe for complete disaster in this business. It really is. Being willing to put something out there. Just to see how people respond. Your entire mission is to get feedback from people initially. The feedback comes in different ways. What do they want to learn from you? What are they struggling with? And if they didn't buy from you, that tells you that there was a misalignment in the presentation to what you're selling. We can't get devastated we can't get disappointed now obviously I don't I get it, you might feel devastated. Disappointed. You spent nine months creating your offer. Nobody bought from you. Nobody showed up to your training.

[470:45] Cassandra McKissack: Do another one.

[471:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know that might sound harsh. That might sound like I got no no compassion for you. I have a lot of compassion for those feelings. Feel them, and then move on. Learn how to move on quickly. From things that don't go your way instead of ruminating instead of trying to figure them out. That's a trauma response, by the way, trying to spend so much time figuring out why things didn't work out. And it's often rooted in something else. That's where later to maybe in our, our past, where we found that if I just spend months and years trying to figure out what didn't go my way, then I can finally eventually make them go my way in this business, that's not going to help you. It's not and I tell you, coaching and mentoring other people sales and marketing, it's gonna challenge all of the beliefs that you have underneath the surface, it's going to dig up a lot of the internal traumas that you might have, it's going to challenge what is beneath the surface of what we believe we can do. And so we have to pull up on my notes here

[493:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: we have to shift out of trying to control the outcome so much. I was reading the book the other day, it says, well, sales is all about control. I agree with that. So interestingly enough, when you're in a sales and marketing interaction, you're able to kind of control which direction the conversation goes, okay. You're able to influence where people's thoughts are headed, you can get better at that that's a skill set that you can grow in. Okay. When you're starting out, when you're putting your offer out there, we have no control over who is initially going to show up. And if we're spending all of our time, trying to make sure that everything works out how we want it to goes our way we control who comes in, at what cost, we're so focused on making all the little pieces work together, you're gonna miss 98% of what actually makes the sales and marketing work. What actually makes it work is listening to people. Hearing what their struggles are

[514:20] Cassandra McKissack: engaging with them. Engaging with

[516:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: where they're at, giving people what they desire, not what you want to give them and becoming very curious about

[521:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: where they're at on their journey. Learning more about what concerns them, then what you want to happen. I can't stress this enough. I really can't. This, like, understood, okay, let's let's take a step back here. Okay. Everything that I teach you, is based around what is going to make you six figures and millions of dollars in sales, okay. So understand that what I'm sharing with you right now, about letting go of control, and making a genuine interest in what people are dealing with what they're going through, and giving people their desires, not what you want understand that is the blueprint to the type of finances that you want. What I have found, though, is that 99% of people have it inside of them, where they believe the exact opposite of what I just said, is that we think that if we can just control it enough, make it perfect enough, make it excellent enough, make it just right, then the finances will come in. And I can tell you as somebody who has been doing this for two decades, your brain is lying to you. It is 100% has you deceived to think that that is what produces financial results. And it's based off of evidence unrelated to this business, where that is made might be true in your life, where that might actually be accurate in your life. What it takes to produce the financial results that you want is focusing more on what other people had to share what other people desire and giving them their desires and being willing to accept the fact that a not everybody is going to buy into you. Not everybody is going to like you letting go of trying to control other people's opinions of you. trying to manage so tightly, how you look how you're going to be perceived what other people are thinking about you if they like you, or if they don't. And then using chat JpT, like we teach you going through the six steps. Step number one, you know what your niche is, if you don't know what your niche is, we talked about this last week niche is who you're going to impact who you're connecting with, not what you teach people you want to look at, along a timeline of people's lifecycle customer journey, where they're at, and identify at what moment in time is the best fit where they can be influenced to purchase from you, you want to find people that are much more easily influenced to become a client of yours, rather than trying to convince people trying to convince people that they should buy from you. That's literally like banging your head against a brick wall. And yeah, that's what I've seen most people trying to do. Your goal and your mission is to demonstrate the value that you offer, build trust with people in you, your program, your offer, what you're selling. And we use different tools to do that, you can use a black friday promotion to do that. You can use a free webinar to do that. You can use a $97 class to do that. You can use an ebook to do that. But we got to break up with this, what I call the Pearl of Great Price syndrome. I have all this value right here. And it's so valuable. And if only people could just see my value, then I would have all my dreams which come together. I call that the another thing I call that as What's it, it's like the it's like the Disney Princess lady in waiting syndrome. Like, one day, my prince will see me and he will fall in love with me. And like this thinking from fairy tales comes into business. And we think that that's how we get people to buy from us. Instead of we got to be intentional to go out there. It's more like hunting. It's more like seeking out the person that you're looking for when we go and we put an offer out there. We're seeking out the right people. Okay, let's go back to you might say, Jeremiah, I don't know what people want. I don't know, who wants my stuff that becomes your mission to learn and discover. What do they want? What do they desire. And so this becomes this sort of like circle right here. If I could draw this on a whiteboard, I'm going to show this to you on a on a little digital whiteboard right here.

[610:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what's funny is some of some people are really like, uncomfortable, even with what I'm sharing here a little bit. That's okay. So you start with?

[615:21] Cassandra McKissack: Who do I help? And

[617:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: what do they desire? That's step one. If we don't know that the entire mission of your advertising, of your social media content of getting people on your email list is to extract as much of that information as possible from people. Who is the best fit? Who is asking me questions? So in my business, I did this by doing 400 discovery calls, I would not recommend you do that. It's way quicker to get 50 to 100 people on a zoom call than to do it that way where you try to get 50 to 100 people on a discovery call with you. And you pay attention to what are they asking for? What do they desire? What are they saying? That becomes mission number one, because you can't create offers that people actually convert and engage with until you know, what do they desire? Who do you help? You're giving people their desires, not what they need. Those are two very different things understand that as well. We have to understand that we are giving people what they desire, not what they need. 99.9% of everybody, meaning we're mark, sorry. We're marketing it from what they desire. We want to give them what they need, wrapped in what they desire. But when you're marketing in your offer, you need to lead with their desires, not what they need. So like your free offer your Black Friday promotion, your emails, your social media content needs to lead with the desires that people have. I find this is the case with a lot of mentors and coaches, especially if you're really knowledgeable, you got a lot of great information, you got a lot of value that you can share with people, you're you're looking at somebody who I think checks off all those boxes, I have a lot of information that I want to share with people that are out there in the public. That goes like layers deep, like, beyond even like what I've shared with, with this group here. There's there's nuances to what it takes when you have a business that's making $10 million, how you sustain that, and only have to work five hours a week and then invest that further that like we I haven't even touched in this program here. Because I want to get some people making $10 million. So then then we can talk about that. What do people desire? Not what do you want to give them? If I go out there, and I put content out there on my social media, and I put content out there on webinars around what I want to share with people. I won't get anybody buying from me, no matter how valuable the content is, I won't get anybody engaging with me. And this is something that I learned this really deeply. You know, I meet a lot of people that like I'm a spiritual mentor this, especially as this is important if you're doing spiritual mentoring, or mindset coaching, because people are like, it's not tangible, what they desire is not tangible. And I found that, especially when I've worked with a lot of like Christian mentors, they really struggle with how do we package quote, unquote, the Bible? In certain ways? How do we package what I'm offering in this way, it's all about getting feedback from the people figuring out what they desire. So let me give you an example, this Georgia and ban off, we did this for his school. And it transformed how we marketed everything. I told him to go out there and survey every student that he had, he had over 250 students that invested $2,000 with him. And I sat and I asked him to survey where they were at when they came in with him what their deepest desire was, and what was stopping them from reaching that goal. And these were the responses we got, I grew up in a household where spirituality was shamed, and I wasn't allowed to operate in spirituality. So that was key number one, we found key number two, I want to do great things for God. But I don't want to be a leader on stage. That was a very interesting that we found. So we literally developed our marketing around this idea of learning how to be used by God, activate your spiritual gifts, even if you don't want to be a leader on stage, that can that can serve in different capacities, and live. And that's literally why he created a program, his classes are around. All of that is that feedback that we got from his students and the people that engage with him, their stories, your offer ends up telling the story of the student from their lifecycle of where they're coming from their deepest desires, and where they're going to them. And so if you're selling affiliate promotion, or how to start a life coaching business or things like that, you've got to package it in the story of the person that you're working with. And you want and the way that you're going to package that is you're not going to really invent it on your own. You're going to do it by actually getting that group of people to tell you what their desires are what they want, they're actually going to tell you in their own words, what they are, and so your initial offers that you put out there. Your goal is to get as much feedback as possible. If people aren't showing up on your webinar, I want you to follow up with those emails and ask people send an email directly. You can have chat GBT Have you put an email together like this? You know what? I saw that you were part of a web of training that we did in fact let's open up chat GPT right here and let's ask it this here real quick my mouse isn't isn't working on this computer very well. Let's open up chat GPT chat GPT can let is literally the answer to like 90% of how do I say certain things to people? It really is. Can you see my chat GPT window?

[716:04] Cassandra McKissack: No such right now you can? Yep.

[717:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Someone signed up for my webinar on affiliate marketing and how to promote with a blog I want to send a follow up email to people who didn't join the webinar. And you could send this to everybody to, to ask them what they want to learn, and what they are struggling with, as well as see if they could give some, because they didn't actually join you, you wanted to basically learn what they want to learn or what they're struggling. If they did join you, you could ask them for feedback on say that you're trying to create. So that's another that's another prompt that we can try crafting a thoughtful email that's engaging. Here's a sample email Mr. webinar, we'd love to hear from you notice you signed up for our recent events, but couldn't make it. Firstly, if you're still interested, let me know make sure to send you the recording. You already did send the recording to people. Most importantly, we want to tailor our content around your needs as we plan future webinars. What are specific topics that you want to learn about? What are some challenges, so I don't like this necessarily super wordy. So I'll put my audience is super busy. That's too many words for them to read an email, please shorten this with revenue. And so that'd be like judging that email, and getting it to write a much better email the way that I'd want to send missed our webinars still interested in recording, click Yes, quickly, what topics do you want covered next, any affiliate marketing hurdles, your insights help guide our content? Appreciate a moment of your time, something like that would be an email that you can send to people following up with who didn't sign up? Are you going to get a response for everybody? No, you're probably gonna get a response from like, three people. But those three people are going to help filter what your next offer should be. Those are going to give you ideas of what the next thing that you should be is of what you should put out there and what you should craft an offer around. Okay, so your idea is this, we got to take, what are you selling to people, that's one thing, okay. Back to what I said at the beginning, just because you have value to offer people 99% of the time, they're not going to engage with you, they're not going to want to buy from you, they're not gonna want to do anything with it. That's the world we live in today. So you got to show people and demonstrate to them why they would want to. So that's where you have different mechanisms. Whether it be an eBook, a webinar, a black friday promotion, your social media content. By the way, social media content is probably the lowest on the totem pole. As far as the ability to demonstrate to people, it used to be the highest now, if the lowest, the most effective, is still live zoom events, where you get people on a call with you, or you could send them a recording, we talked about this last week as well, you know, you could you could record a training, have it go live at a certain day, put it make take a private YouTube video, this is a really great way that I just came up with last week of how you can deliver a pre recorded training. But while still having very low tech, while still having the the urgency behind a live training, you say the training is going to go live for 24 hours at this link. On your website. You have a private YouTube video, maybe you pre recorded it the week prior. You embed that YouTube video on the private link the day and time when you say it's gonna go live, and then you send it to everybody. And now they got 24 hours to watch that training at that private link. That right there is a super low tech way that you could literally get people to sign up for a training at a specific time. And what would you put on that page before that time, the training will go live at this time, refresh this page to get access at 11am, Saturday, September, November, whatever time you're going to do. That's a very low tech way that you could deliver a pre recorded training that then gets in front of people and you still have the same urgency, you still have a lot of the same mechanisms that are in place that a live webinar would have. And then you want to make sure you take it down after 24 hours. You have a link under there that says if you want to and you tell people if you want to buy the recording, here's this, we're going to do a live q&a, you can either do it right after you could do it a week after you can say the training goes live on Saturday over here. You make the link go live. The q&a is going to be next to Tuesday. Whatever fits your schedule. And now that becomes your VIP package that you put together very low tech way to do a lot of the stuff that we're talking about. But I think it would be very effective. I haven't we actually did do that with my mom a few times and it was very effective. The whole idea is you're anchoring it around date and time that people have to access the content. They actually make the time to show up, and there's a limited time to consume the content. So because it taps into that thinking of like, a live event live, whether it be pay per view, you know, if you buy a ticket to go see a movie, at a movie theater, you're gonna make sure that you show up at the movie theater that time. We do this all the time, we go by a recording, you know, to a movie, a ticket to go see a movie all the time, and we show up at that time to see it. It's the same psychology, there's why having date and time not having just free access to to your offer. And here's the thing, if you're a mentor, and coach, I find a lot of value behind telling people, Hey, you have this time to show up to listen to it, why? If people aren't going to make an hour of their time, on a Saturday, they listen to you, they're not going to buy from you anyways. They're really not. And if they do, they're probably going to ask for their money back. Because they're, they're not committed enough to taking action with you. So that mechanism of having a strategic time is important. But I digress back to what we were talking about. Training video content is still the highest most valuable way to connect with your prospects to gather feedback from people. Now if you do it that way, where you have it on a page like that, you may still want to activate the YouTube chat. And you can have that on the sidebar there. You may want to do it as a blog post where people could comment underneath the blog post, things like that, having the comments feedback is still going to be very valuable. As far as that goes. You could also use the Facebook group, you could stream it into a Facebook group and have comments that way. That's one of the reasons why I like streaming even to Facebook, as far as things go, because it creates a time a moment, a mechanism where people actually show up at that time to listen to you. And so video content of some kind is the still the best way to get your information in front of people. To make a connection with people, I have people all the time, we got to get out of like this, oh my gosh, I have people say this all the time. But what if they don't sign up, my clients are too busy, they don't have time to make time for it, they're not going to do this, those people that you're worried about not engaging with you, we're never going to become your clients in the first place. I promise you that they weren't. Okay. This goes back to what I talked about control. Like, like we got it I when I became aware of my own desire for control was the greatest reason I was struggling in my business. And the fact that letting go of control as much as possible is the key to financial success. And you get this. It's incredible. I will literally meet people, they won't put a webinar out there on a specific day. Because they're worried people won't show up. They won't listen to them that's tied to trying to control what people do. And, and it's bottom of the barrel level of control. Like if people can't make an hour, their time to listen to you what makes you think they're going to ever go through your coaching. ever show up to your coaching calls. You know what sucks as a coach. There's when people schedule a coaching call with you, and then are a no show week after week after week. I've had that happen. When I was operating out of this mindset of trying to control people trying to make sure that I did everything in a way that made sure everybody would show up on time and things like that. As soon as I got rid of that worrying, are they going to show up? Is this a good time for them? Is is a good time for my audience, trying to make sure that you and listen Don't Don't kid yourself that this is a an act of service that you're trying to do to people that you're just trying to serve people well by showing up at a time that's good for them. That is a complete mis conception of I get where that might come from that you might think well by showing up and help you No, no. You got to put on a the mindset of a CEO in your business and set your boundaries around what works best for you.

[875:16] Cassandra McKissack: If you showing up at 11am

[876:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: is convenient for you and it's not for your clients. Don't change the time just because people don't like that you meet at that time. You know I used to have that happen a lot of times when I first started this cleaning growth accelerator group, I got messages from people, Jeremiah, I hate that it's at 11am Can't you just do a different time. And it bothered me. And I was like, Oh, my gosh, am I not serving these people? Well, blah, blah, blah. And now I'm just like, that's when we meet. And I have confidence about it. And it's unwavering. And I'm not going to try to please or manage or try to make sure that I'm doing everything that quote unquote, it's not serving your clients, it's only teaching people that they can bully you and push you around, if they cry loud enough. If they whine loud enough, that's all it is. That's all it is. So you got to step into your authority as a coach, as a mentor. And again, I get it, some of y'all this is again, an uncomfortable topic, we're gonna start talking more about some uncomfortable topics that I really think are going to help a lot of you get breakthrough financially in your business. I find a way too often coaches and mentors are so concerned with making people like them with doing again, the English language sucks, because I'm gonna say something people are so concerned with doing right by their clients, that doesn't mean that you're going to do wrong by your clients, we got to get rid of this black and white thinking too, when I say, stop being so concerned with doing right by your clients doesn't mean that you're automatically going to go out there and do wrong by them. But it's that you're so concerned with pleasing everybody according to the version of how they want you and expect you to show up. And you become the one that expresses your boundaries, and you stick to your boundaries. And you don't let people push you around just because they quote unquote, dislike how you want to show up and your business when you start to get that. And you say, Okay, listen, this is the best way that works best for me, here's how I'm going to show up. Whether that be like this goes down, this goes back to cost, this goes back to your webinar times, this goes back to what you're going to offer on Black Friday, this goes back to what are you going to teach in your free webinar, we have to break up with this, trying to control the actions of other people, when it comes to our coaching businesses, and realize that just because you have value to offer people, not everybody's gonna see it. The ones who do see your value, they will step up with you, they will become a client. Like for instance, here's the thing. I am 100%, okay, with people joining my accelerator and saying, Jeremiah, you're trash, you shouldn't even be coaching people. And by the way, I got an email that said that like a week ago, I'm okay with that. Like, you got to get to the place where you're okay with that, where you're okay with disappointing a small group of people to reach the ones that you're meant to reach. Understand that, you've got to become okay with the fact that you're not going to please everybody, that's you're not going to make everybody happy. Society is going to try to convince you that you need to please everybody, for you to make money in this business, you have to give up that crown. Give up that thinking, give up that way of operating. Those of you who are following me right now you understand the level of value that we offer, how much I care about the results of my clients. So knowing that filter that through understanding that I'm talking about serving your clients at a high level, I really am. You're gonna serve your clients better by doing this, than trying to juggle 15 pots of everybody's opinions about you, and trying to make sure that you do right by everybody that you meet and focus in on who is the person that is the best fit to work with me and my business? How can I demonstrate my value to them fully understanding that you're not going to get everybody to love you that not everybody is going to going to engage with you that not everybody from day one is going to see your value and that's okay and accept the fact that you might even have people take it a step further to where they give you a piece of their mind about how they devalue you, and become 100% okay with that, like you're not going to hear this from a therapist. This isn't a very trauma informed conversation that I'm having right here. Understand, I understand trauma. This is why you need to grow past some your traumas, and realize that you're going to meet some very mean people out there. And you got to have thick enough skin to where they don't affect your actions, your decisions and your choices. And that when you put your business out there, your goal and your mission is to find the people that absolutely love you that absolutely want to engage with you that love everything you put out and feed into more of those people and not worry about the rest of everybody else who doesn't see you. How do you find those people by demonstrating your value? People aren't just going to see it right away, though. So that's where our offers come in. That's the entire goal and mission, once we figure out, who do we help? What do they desire, we give them their desires, and oftentimes we give it to them for free. We don't charge initially 510 years ago, again, you could charge a couple 100 bucks, make great profit putting something out there like that. Now, you got to have some kind of a freebie. I've even seen people I saw an offer the other day, I'm gonna start trying even myself, they had a free webinar with a course that they gave people along with the free webinar to go through completely free just for attending, but you had to go through the whole webinar to get the code for the free course. So they put at the end of the webinar, an access code and a link to get the course to make sure that people actually showed up. That's qualifying people, I can guarantee you 50% of people who showed up didn't even go through the webinar didn't even show up to the webinar. But that's a great way to incentivize people to actually listen to your offer, listen to the value that you that you have for people. And so realize, no matter what offer you're putting out there, your goal is to give people their desires. They're not going to value your information, they only value what the information will do for them. And it's your job to communicate and demonstrate that value to the point that it builds trust with them to where they believe that you're going to deliver that better than anybody else that they've seen out there. And that is where we ended up challenging our own internal self belief. Well, I'm not better than somebody else that's out there, I'm not telling you that you need to be goodness, okay? You want, I didn't say that, you, you want them to believe that for them, specifically, for the person that you're reaching, that working with you is going to be better for them than working with anybody else that's out there. That's a belief that you're able to sell and influence people on believing there might be 20 people out there who teach the exact same thing that you teach. Your mission is to get people to believe for them personally. And that's not the case for everybody, but for them personally, that you're the best fit to work with.

[1012:46] Cassandra McKissack: And then once they believe that

[1013:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: you answer any questions that they have to move them over the edge to get them to buy from you. And that becomes the sales process. And that becomes very fun. When we let go of trying to control people. See, when I let go of trying to control anybody in that process, it's very authentic. It's not sleazy, it's not slimy. I'm not coming to the table trying to make sure you buy from me. When I could not care less if you don't buy it from me, I actually get more sales. Because my energy comes across as actually being somebody who walks their talk, somebody who actually delivers and so that's, that's all about the energy that we bring forward. And that's the last thing that I'm going to share here. One of the biggest factors when it comes to you being able to control to close sales in your business has to do with your energy. I'm not talking about like woowoo energy or like you know, like, I'm talking about like, like, are you lethargic? Are you are you sleepy to watch on camera? Are you kind of boring? Well, Jeremiah, that's just my personality, understand that you might need to learn how to step into a more excited state. You want to come across as excited about what you're talking about. You're going to influence better when you're excited about it because then that passes on to people, your same excitement when you deliver that to people. Okay? So understand that one of the best things that you can do is learning to manage your internal energy. What's a better word for energy when I think about this like like your like you're not you, if you find yourself you're really tired all the time. That's an area to look at, are we eating a lot of sugar? Am I getting enough sleep, am I moving my body a little bit, before I did this training, I went and walked around the block here for 30 minutes, just to kind of get myself my body moving to get more of the energy, I was very sleepy 30 minutes before I did that. So if I find that I need to even do a training or a webinar, I'm going to do stuff that gets me into a higher state of mind, a higher energy to be able to do that, okay. All right. So that's an important part of just being able to sell to people being able to get people to buy from you, being able to, to purchase from you is you got to come forward with confidence, you have to show up with,

[1054:45] Cassandra McKissack: with a

[1056:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: belief about what you're selling.

[1057:43] Cassandra McKissack: You have to show up with

[1058:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: vision for the people that you're talking to. And it becomes your job and your presentation to impart that vision to people. And so then that helps them see and feel as you're demonstrating that value to people, what it's like to work with you. Now as far as in our classes go. We have the class that we just finished a couple of months ago successful webinars and challenges. where I walk you through what do you say during your challenge. But this right here we've been talking about today, I think is so key. As far as these two things, not getting disappointed when people don't see your value. Learning to accept the fact that 99% of people are not going to see your value no matter how valuable it is. Becoming okay with the fact that it's okay for people to not just not see your value, but to even try to discredit you and become okay with that. That's important. And then not need to defend yourself do not need to prove yourself, and to not let it affect your own self belief. Because your belief comes from within, and then go out there, deliver what people desire, demonstrate that value to people, and show up with excitement and enthusiasm and vision for how this can affect them. And when you do that, when you when you apply this in your business, when you apply this to your lead generation, your Black Friday promos, your emails that you're sending out, when you apply this to your social media content, your your webinars, your classes, all of that, that affects your ability to show up and influence people to purchase what it is that you're offering. Okay. So I'm gonna I'm going to take some questions here.

[1089:15] Cassandra McKissack: I'm going to take

[1090:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cassandra, I see that you posted a number of questions that are unrelated to what we've been talking about today. Can we can I help you?

[1093:47] Speaker 2: Oh, I'm sorry. I started talking. I thought I was saying things that are related, because you were talking about Black Friday. And that that part of Brett Black Friday was putting together

[1096:27] Speaker 1: what is syndrome?

[1098:31] Speaker 2: You feel small and insignificant and unimportant. That's what that is. You remember Gideon in the Bible? The mighty man of God? Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. When you reference to what you were speaking about earlier, when you're talking about controlling people. And I, I've never felt like, I'm trying to control people. I felt like maybe I'm not, you know, didn't have enough of the skills needed to do what was necessary. So I don't feel like you know, unless you're calling back control. So that was bring back to that earlier conversation.

[1109:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did you know that trying to do all the right things by people so that they like you is trying to control people?

[1110:41] Speaker 2: Ah, no, no, that Wow, that's crazy.

[1112:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because you're trying to manipulate their perception of you to get them to think how you want. So that's like, it's kind of like it's a big unlock. As far as like the idea of that's why like people pleasing really is anti effective when it comes to sales, even in leadership. And so like, I get it, like you said, Gideon syndrome. That's it. That's a different thing. Feeling small and insignificant. I think we all start there. You know, No. But we gotta like, that's where I say you got to feel confident yourself before anybody else sees it. Otherwise, we're trying to sort of make people see what's inside of us vert, and that kind of trying to, like make people see it that goes into that sort of control thing. And, and what comes across as our energy like, here's, here's another example of control. I see that you see it all the time, like, the slimy car salesman is trying to control somebody buying the sale, so that he can get his commission. That's control right there. That's all. You know what I mean? But then we might justify it like, Well, I'm just, I've seen people do this. I just want to help them have a better life. We'll do they want to have a better life. We're trying to control their lives. Their wants is right here. As soon as I got this, I got way better at coaching and mentoring people overall.

[1135:28] Speaker 2: Okay, gotcha.

[1136:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: You said the difference between a webinar and a masterclass, let me see. Um, explain what you mean by that real quick. I want us to go through all these different questions you have, and then we can go there. These are great question. But

[1139:24] Speaker 2: I know when I know, when I see a webinar, I mean, I don't maybe you already talked about this in one of your trainings. And I can go back and look, but when I think of a webinar, I see a little I see it the person talking in a little space. You know, while they showed your print slides, right, that's a webinar, I guess. I see.

[1145:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I see it more as the goal behind it. You, it's all just like, tomato, tomahto masterclass webinar, you can call it whatever you want. That's about like, kind of how we sell. So like, I host webinars that I call live trainings, I don't call it a webinar. But it's a training that I'm doing on video over the web to people. And so what I look at as a class, like I have a class, I have classes that are in our client growth accelerator, right. So like if we go into the accelerator, and here I'll show you this goes back to kind of your other two questions that you had asked here. In our accelerator, we have these different classes, you go into the classes, and then there's a list of the the lessons that are taught in there, and each class has its own focus and topic. And then each lesson has like a summary of what those topics are that are in there. And so that's a class where I'm teaching people, I but a webinar is different. It's a it's a training that you get people on where you're, you're not just teaching, but you're you're, you're persuading, you're imparting vision and you're selling them to buy whatever your thing is that you're offering on the on the back end of it. So that's one of the different nuances as far as that goes to. So that makes sense.

[1169:05] Speaker 2: And so you're not trying to do that with a with a masterclass.

[1170:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: It depends on if, if do you have a next level that you're wanting to get people to. So oftentimes, in any sort of class that you're teaching, you want to have some kind of a next step that you're that you're sending people to. So for me in my classes that are in our members area, I'll usually recommend inside of those classes, when I say inside of the class, in my training video content, I'll tell people, hey, go check out this class over here that's on this topic. Now, because in the accelerator, people get access to all my classes, and I don't sell any of my classes outside of it. I'm just telling people, Hey, go check out these webinars. So I'm not trying to sell people on that. If somebody registers for a free video training of mine, my goal is to get them to become a VIP client and to go to the next step with me, whether that be a five day event, or to join my my paid program as far as that goes. So we got to think of that in in the realm of what is the goal with the client, as far as this goes with what you're training in a class. You're not trying to sell them on something. If I'm doing like a free lead magnet webinar where they sign up for a lead magnet, that's going to be where they where they actually get sold on something. Now, as far as the you said, that explained to me help me understand the steps have in the beginning, at the beginning of today, I did go over what you put in your bundle. So I did go over that here

[1194:13] Speaker 2: a little bit. Five minutes later, I guess I missed No, no,

[1195:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's fine. Explain to me a little bit more on just because and I'm just asking this, because I want to help you get your questions answered on this. When you talk about the steps of putting together a bundle what do you what do you what do you mean by that?

[1198:41] Speaker 2: Okay, so I'm getting it's just like if I'm getting ready to learn how to drive right I have to sit in the car, right? You have to put your seatbelt on, you got to, you know, put the gear into, you know, reverse or drive, whatever, whatever is needed at the time when you drive vehicle. So I'm planning to put together a possibly a bundle that would have, say, offer a free a free class, like you mentioned offering something free a free webinar free something. And then and then once they, but part of that would include a t shirt and say maybe hat or a, I don't know, a bag, a tote that I would offer as part of that. So they would be getting three different items. And then so how do you stay? How do you actually get it to them? That the delivery of it, I mean, I'm not the one that's gonna go to the post office and do all that, right?

[1216:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've not done anything with physical products like that goes, I know that there are some delivery services out there that you can outsource or work with. Okay, hire somebody to do that. As far as shipping goes, some things have like, different drop shipping. Okay, so so if you're talking about like the steps of shipping out physical products, we don't teach that in this program here. This is specifically around getting coaching and mentorship clients. Okay, well,

[1224:48] Speaker 2: then if I just did this, by decided to only do something that was digital, what three things I could do a PDF, could be one, one of the things that I offer on the topic that I'm dealing with, and probably deal with mindset. And transformation, something like that. So I could send a PDF would be one of the things. Yeah. Free Training. And what could be a third item? The third item would be okay, well, here's

[1234:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I would look at as you could do, you could do just two trainings. And they could be on two different topics to related to the different topics,

[1236:53] Speaker 2: different topics, okay. And that was

[1238:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what I talked about at the beginning here was you can, you can put together if you have some different free trainings, you can bundle those together, you give people access, whether it be through a video link that you have, whether it be through a Thinkific site, if you're wanting to learn, like how to build out classes and think epic and how to make courses and digital products. We have in the EZ course creation blueprint course I go through that. A lot of those trainings are also built into. Like, if you're if you're trying to figure out real estate, like stuff, like how do I create a PDF? How do I create a video? How do I create a link for that? One of the best resources for learning those little things is going to be YouTube for you. And going over to YouTube and looking up like how do I create a PDF of this type of content and things like that? So

[1253:58] Speaker 2: Okay, gotcha, gotcha. I did use I did. Before I got the paid version. I just wanted to see what the I think you called it the chat GPT. I, I haven't had anything to compare it with. But what I did do Saturday, I was amazed at it created, it actually created a course for me on something that I want to edit, and which ended up giving me a lot more ideas than I had thought of. So that that thing is really it. Yeah, it's

[1261:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: great. For sure.

[1262:08] Speaker 2: When I know. So if I create a link, I mean, I get, you know, I could use like the bitly or something like that, use that as a link to attach to the video, but I definitely look it up on YouTube. And then when, like you're offering these courses now, what is the vehicle you use to or is this inside the Facebook group? So green private Facebook, right?

[1269:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, we are as far as this goes, this is zoom right here.

[1270:15] Speaker 2: Okay, yeah, yeah, I mean, I know this is zoom. But as far as if I was actually offering a course so that people can get a PDF or people can get, you know, next step. So whatever it is that I'm presenting, that's where you use the guides at the top of the the group because I really haven't used that stuff that they offer at the top of the, you know, the group that you can tap on to get different things. to group the Facebook group.

[1278:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you use the Facebook group, that's a way to do that, but you're not able to charge money for that. You could charge money for for accessing that with people. And so generally that's where like if you have your Squarespace site or whatever you have you built your landing pages on, they might have some commerce links where you can take payment from people through stripe. And so what are you? Are you are you building on Squarespace? What are you? What are you building your pages on? Your promoted

[1286:13] Speaker 2: ability pages? I mean, I am signed up for square. Squarespace. I didn't even know there are separate landing pages. But um, yeah, I just need like some type of a membership site. I mean, just like with us, we're members in your group. And we so the area where you have your members area, that's part I think, if it will help

[1292:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: as far as this goes. So with Thinkific, they have all the tools as far as like packaging, digital products, and then giving people access by purchasing it. So they create the purchase for you. They give people access to it. That's what Thinkific is. It's sort of a platform to deliver digital products that way. There's a few other competitor products out there, but my favorite.

[1300:20] Speaker 2: Okay, yeah, that sounds good. Yeah, here too. I mean, like I said, I'm signed up with Squarespace, but mostly was doing that, to have ecommerce opportunity to charge people from a platform, like you saying things typic offers all of that to.

[1305:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So Thinkific offers the client management, the access, the packaging of what you're actually delivering in a really good way. Squarespace is more a tool for creating the better landing pages and and creating like the offer pages, where people sign up, and then we utilize that to link over to Thinkific as far as that goes. So I use both simultaneously. Okay. Some people might use Wix and teachable, teachable is another platform. Other people I know they use WordPress and podia. But most of the time, you're going to use one platform that's like a front end landing pages. And then another one that actually delivers the the training content to people. Kajabi is the one that kind of does all of that together. Kajabi is a great platform as well. It's the most expensive by itself. But here's the thing, if you buy all the different platforms, they kind of add up to the same price as Kajabi. Once you grow, a lot of them have cheaper versions initially that they offer, but they all do the same stuff. They all work, they follow the same process again, let's take a step back from getting in the weeds of how do we pull the levers. And really what's most important is how do we connect with people and get them to actually show up in front of us to buy what we're offering. Because you can put all these levers together and make something incredible, but people aren't gonna buy it if we don't have a way of presenting it to people too. And I think that that's, that's, that's the that's the most important thing to focus on.

[1331:54] Speaker 2: Okay, okay. Well, that's it. I absolutely do. And I love what you're doing. It's been very helpful. Yeah, lots of wisdom. And so I'm very thankful to Yeah. Thank you.

[1335:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. All right, Cheryl, what's up, Cheryl? Hey, there,

[1336:51] Cheryl Phan: I was listening to the earlier when you're talking about how people email you and say things to you mean stuff. But this isn't a mean email. But it's kind of ironic. So I did my, my workshop. And it was great. And then we the $10 upgrade. So I only had like six people upgrade. So this one woman she did upgrade. And then she sent me an email more than her $10 back, because she wasn't on the webinar. But she couldn't find the link or she didn't. She said she didn't get the link for the q&a. So I'm thinking okay, well, if you weren't on the webinar on how you can ask them questions anyway. But ironically, she responded with this, this note from the email, I sent her that had the links in it. Yeah, both links were and

[1350:13] Speaker 1: I'm like, Oh, my god, is that happy? Yes.

[1350:56] Cheryl Phan: It was so funny. So like, I'm trying to be nice about it. So I said, and then she proceeds to say this, get this one. So many of the people promoting their cheap course with just promote all this system systems to make money. And they don't tell you just how to promote simple consumer products. And I'm thinking, Well, how did you know I didn't do that you weren't on the webinar, first of all, right?

[1358:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's actually though I'll actually like take a step back as That feedback can show us a real need in the marketplace.

[1360:50] Cheryl Phan: So I did write that down. But the thing is, she wasn't even on the webinar. So she was bound. So then I said, So I responded, and I said, the $10 paid was for the training, videos, worksheets, and all of the bonus materials, where I was teaching you how to add affiliate marketing to your business. It wasn't a cheap course, it was a workshop, it was a free workshop and the upgrade, you paid for the upgrade to get the videos and all the worksheets. And then I proceeded to say, what I was sharing for the free for the free workshop was, was one of the revenue streams I teach in my roadmap to revenue course. That course is 1907 $97. In the course, I teach you 10 different ways. The course was is not even opened at this time, I was just simply sharing strategies to help my followers and my subscribers make more money. If you would like me to refund the $10 rather than sending you the valuable information, I'm happy to do so please let me know before the end of the day. Like she never sent it back because she did what she wanted was at $10. And the information I'm sure, so I didn't send it back. But then right after that, I got another email from another person who came to the webinar. And she said, Hi, Cheryl. Wow, I sincerely enjoyed your webinar. I have just spent the last two hours updating my website after Cheryl's incredible webinar, I had no idea that I was missing out on some so many earning missing out on easy income from affiliate marketing. Thank you, Cheryl, for sharing your wisdom with me. I am better for it. And then she sent me another email and invited me on her podcast. Cool. So right now I don't know like, I mean, I'd gotten made like 60 bucks off the VIP thing, big deal. And actually, I took all the money and

[1393:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: you will make most of your profit off.

[1394:43] Cheryl Phan: So but what I did in the follow up email, I, I invited them to my empowering women's group, which is $47 a month, and then also invited them to get on the waiting list for the roadmap to revenue course, because that's my thing, right? But then I decided I'm going to send out another email to all six of the VIPs. And said, Listen, I know my course is not open right now it is at $1,997 for the course. But as a founding partner, I'm going to give you the opportunity and offer you this course for $997, which is $1,000 savings, if you want to become a founding partner. And all you have to do is reply to the four surveys that I'm sending out and give me a testimonial at the end. So I figured, you know, a couple of sign up at least I got people in the new course that I wrote,

[1408:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I'll give you a little bit of feedback on that I liked the email that you sent to the lady who didn't.

[1411:03] Cassandra McKissack: But one of their money back.

[1411:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: A little bit of it was like you were like trying to prove like what the value was, but that's fine. I like how you close that out. The way I would respond to that would be

[1415:34] Cassandra McKissack: simply

[1416:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: is what is here are the links as I would just give them the links. And then I would say if this isn't to your satisfaction, would you like your money back and not even explaining to them?

[1419:49] Cheryl Phan: My last email to her that's how

[1420:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I that's how i That's how I like to respond. Because it's almost like they got their negativity over here. And I'm just completely like not mirroring it. I'm just straight positivity in the email.

[1423:59] Cheryl Phan: Here's the thing I was like, I'll give you $10 back but I'm not going to send you all the information. Let me know which one you want. You know,

[1425:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: the it's funny I I'll I'll give them the information and offer to give them

[1427:03] Cheryl Phan: you know why? Cuz I can tell you right now she's not going to I'm gonna spend my time I don't care. But um, I got a great response. So now I'm just waiting to see if any of the VIPs actually take me up on my offer

[1430:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the VIP email that you sent. One thing I would do I think I would add in there. What you told me you wrote the email was a great beginning and then end of the email in the middle I would throw in there repeating back to them some of their goals and dreams. And like this is going to be a vehicle to take you from here to here. And just really like reiterating that to people you always want to loop back to in any sort of communication that you have with a prospect. You want to remind them of what they're why they are even there in the first place. Right, right. And I think that that's important to do. And so like, in that email that you sent out, I would say like what you said, but then in the middle, I would reiterate back to them, like, what their, what their desires and dreams are. That's why it's so important to really understand what those are. And to understand what he

[1445:08] Cheryl Phan: or she didn't really tell me why she was on there. She basically she did say one other email because this kind of went on for like three times. And I was like, I'm done with this. She was recently unemployed after 36 years in the House care, was trying to get into real estate investing, but affiliate marketing is, is was fascinating to her. Yeah. So I'm like, whatever I you know, I don't think she's ever I don't think she gets the whole thing because she was, she was trying to refer to my free webinar as a cheap $10 course. It's not a course it was free lady. I gave it to you, you know, whatever, you know, but there's people out there like that. I'm okay with it. But yeah, so now I'm just waiting for response to see how many people actually sign up. And even if they don't sign up for the, the offer I gave them for the 997. You know, I'm looking to, for them to actually get on that waitlist for the whole course. And then they're gonna see if they didn't sign up for 997, then they get into that webinar. I do. I'm not offering that again. Yeah. If they come back and say, Well, you offered it before 4000. Can I still get it now? No.

[1463:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you could do you could do another another training to all those people. And you loop them right back through the cycle and get new people on, because a lot of them maybe they didn't even go through the webinar. And now they'll go through a cycle with you.

[1466:50] Cheryl Phan: Yeah, a lot of people even show up to the one of the things

[1467:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you'll miss you'll want to do and want to take note of is as you're getting people on your email list, on webinars in front of you over time is the patterns of like what the overall shared desires are of everybody.

[1471:52] Cheryl Phan: Well, I like what you said earlier, and I didn't think about this, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna write one up right now and send out to my VA on. Hey, I noticed you signed up for the webinar webinar, but you weren't able to attend. I liked that. And I didn't add that in. So that's going to be a new email that's going out. Yeah.

[1476:15] Speaker 2: Yeah. Awesome.

[1476:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right, Angela, what's up by the way, also, I didn't even mention this. We are doing it live copywriting rewrite, call this Thursday. And so we'll be we'll be doing that I'm here in Dallas. Right now we're in an Airbnb. That's why I'm in like this back room here. This is probably the ugliest room in the whole house. It's a really pretty, like art house that we're staying at, which is awesome. But yeah, we'll be back in back in Austin on Thursday. And that's where we're going to be doing a live focusing on taking a look at your landing page copy, taking a look at your ads going through all of that as well. So we'll be doing that this Thursday. All right, what's up, Angela?

[1487:33] Cassandra McKissack: I'm sorry, I'm live. This looks like what is your quick question. I'm sorry.

[1489:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have any Donald's?

[1489:59] Cassandra McKissack: No, I don't have McDonald's. My daughter. I'm on my way to see my daughter in college. And she's like, Mom, please stop at tea to go and get me something to drink. I saw one of her friends she came.

[1493:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyway. Oh, have you been the HTO?

[1494:24] Cassandra McKissack: I have not that we have one not far from me. Is that better?

[1495:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh my gosh, we're addicts. is amazing.

[1497:24] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, I'll check it out. Okay, my two questions. One is I have a, I have a free lead magnet that I give away. And last time I ran Facebook ads, I was able to to get around 50 cent leads, but I have not run Facebook ads to that lead magnet in three years. So my question is, would you pass that one again? And you can run Facebook ads? Yeah.

[1505:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would. I would test it again and then work on improving your ability to convert those leads to whatever the next step is with

[1508:32] Cassandra McKissack: you. Okay, okay. Okay, I'll take that and then my

[1510:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: work about three years ago, you got 50 cent leads, you might not get 50 cent leads now but you're still probably gonna get some decent leads off of Okay.

[1512:32] Cassandra McKissack: Well, and the videos already created and it's already set up. I just need to turn it on Facebook. So. Okay.

[1514:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: And my second updated version, you know, okay.

[1515:34] Cassandra McKissack: Yeah. Okay. My second question is, I need to see if which I've been going through your offers that sells course which is It's amazing, phenomenal. And I might not have gotten to this point yet. So if that's the case, you can just point me in that direction. But I, we have several 1000 people on our email list, but of course, they're not all engaged. I need to write

[1524:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: opens your emails, normally.

[1525:29] Cassandra McKissack: I have a around a 46%, open rate

[1526:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: 400 people opening your emails still. So that's pretty good.

[1528:27] Cassandra McKissack: Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's great, you know. But right now in Active Campaign, I have a engaged reengage tag that kind of goes, you know, on and off. So not everyone on the email list is engaged. And so right. And so my question is, do you run a reengagement automation, and you know, with three or four emails, and then do you at the tail end of that run? You know, if you don't open the email, and you don't respond, I'm going to remove you from the list. Because I'm thinking I want to kind of scrub the list prior to running Facebook ads, to to get people on the list is my thought process, but I wanted to know what you think.

[1543:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you wanted to scrub the list. And then reengaged Sorry, I got a little confused there.

[1545:17] Cassandra McKissack: So my, my thought was, I'm gonna write a about seven emails, or so like four emails, trying to reengage them to open the email. And then if they don't, in those first four emails, then write about three emails saying, I need you to open the email, or I'm going to take you off the list kind of thing. You know, if they haven't opened an email in a year, like, like, where do you just scrub your list and pull them off, if they haven't engaged with you, you know, to make room for new people, so to speak,

[1554:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you can either send them an email that like says that gets them unsubscribe, I've gotten some nasty replies in the road on that, which is funny. And, or I look at, it's like, if they haven't opened any of my emails in the last year, I'm just going to remove them anyways, because the chances of them opening again is like zero, no matter what. And especially, that's why like, because I email nearly every day. If anything in the year for me, I mean, they're not going to open anything. So that's why the more you email your list, you'll get better, you'll understand. That's why I try to also vary the subject lines, the subject line is like the first. The subject line is like the first interaction that you have with them. And so mixing up your subject lines is really helpful. That's why I have a swipe file of emails that I've signed up for all these different marketers email lists, and I'll go through there, if I want to, I'll just scroll through and I'll see, okay, which subject line grabs my attention, right, or if I'm like, I want to send an email about Facebook ads, I'll actually type in Facebook ads. And I'll see all the emails that competitors of mine have sent out related to Facebook ads, and what their subject lines are. And so I'm able to even like learn from that to help me write better subject lines, sign up for 2030, related to your industry, women's mindset, health, fitness, diet type email list, see what emails because, you know, and you'll notice patterns too, especially, the bigger the company is, the more they've been in business, I really wouldn't pay attention to what they send out. Because a lot of times, I always try to lean on and stand on the shoulders of people who are successful. You know, it's like, do what other successful people do, and you'll be the next one who's successful. That is super relevant when it comes to email marketing, in a huge way, and engaging your list and writing subject lines. And so we've always done that is by taking a look at and it's funny, because I'll be like, people probably look at us as like a resource for great subject lines, but I'm looking at like 2030 Different marketers to get ideas all day long. And oh, and by the way, I know that all these other marketers are doing the exact same thing to it sort of becomes this like I don't have a better word. It's a little incestuous. I guess.

[1596:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: A better word than that. But it's like, kind of like, you pay attention to what stands out to you a little bit. And then you'll like the best ads that stand out to you I'm constantly I'll go on my phone, for the purpose of scrolling, like mindlessly to see what ads grab my attention. If an apple grabbed my attention, and I noticed a pattern of a certain type of ad, I'll start to test out that type of ad. For my audience, there's a type of Facebook ad right now, that is, weirdly enough converting really well, in just the last month that I have noticed. And it is basically putting a headline and a deadline on the ad, where you do the headline of what your offer is, in a short sentence, and then like the deadline of when they should sign up. And that's converting really well as a Facebook ad. Oh, cool. I've noticed a lot of also my own competitors doing very similar type facebook ads, where they have like a headline, like, they're not just doing the title of their offer. They're doing the headline, like what the promise of the offer is, and then the date when people sign up. And that's the ad. And so I noticed, okay, five or six of my competitors are doing this for two, three weeks at a time. I'm gonna test that with my ads. And it actually worked well, because here's how this has an image ad actually qualified people well, because it's got enough words that it's clear as to what it's talking about. So like I put in here, get the step by step on how to create your own digital course. Even if you've never taught one before, October 8, October 28 12pm, Eastern free like, I would run that for like a webinar that I'm doing all about, like creating a digital course right there.

[1632:21] Cassandra McKissack: And just have the text and no and no photograph.

[1633:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, just the text in that. That's why having a good photograph and you're on your your page is going to be good, like a close up of you. Okay. Okay. So that's what that's what the Facebook guy that's been working well. Okay, cool. Thank you. Yeah.

[1638:53] Cassandra McKissack: So when you do scrub your list? Do you have like, a benchmark? Like, if they haven't opened something in six months? Or if they haven't opened something in, you know, nine months or a year? Or? I used to do a year? A year? Okay.

[1643:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, I usually do a year that they haven't opened anything in a year. If they've opened it, that means that they either accidentally clicked my email, which is very rare, or, yeah, I always break things down in this sense, like, Okay, what does this mean? Well, it means either click the Email accidentally, or they actually clicked it because they saw something that piqued their interest, right? Time, why anybody opens our emails,

[1651:05] Cassandra McKissack: right? Well, and the subject line or curiosity. So I'm emailing my list one time a week on a Sunday night. You know, and, and interacting, I usually do a call to action and the PS. And, you know, I'm, I'm writing it, like, personal experience, and that kind of thing. And then it links to the blog and all of that. And so that's, that's where the open rate is so good. And so many of our clients say, Oh, I've been on your list and read your emails for years. And so that's why I was thinking, let me run my Facebook ads to get people on the list. But I'm not emailing them every day. And last, you know, three times a year, I'm launching the course. And so when I, when I launch a course I email them every day, and so but right now, because I haven't run Facebook ads. I mean, I have organic traffic opting in for the lead magnet. But you know, it's maybe between 20 and 50 a month. It's not a huge significant amount of people. And so I feel like, because I've launched for three years to this list, instead of running Facebook ads. I just feel like it's probably they're tired. You know, well, that's

[1674:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: where whoever hasn't bought from you. That's why having a video training of some kind that you send to your list and you know, okay, schedule that for like two weeks out and email them a couple days over those next two weeks to join you, even if they're already on your list. Join them to register for those other training that you have because part of And as you want there, you're moving them from the way I sort of see it like, like, a video game world, you got these people over here, and you're moving them into like a theater where they're like they're watching you on video. And that's what you get to speak a message to them of some kind. And they have the decision, do I just go home and go about my everyday life? Or do I go to the next level? And so I'm always trying to get people to go to the next level.

[1686:59] Cassandra McKissack: Right. And I've sent them, the majority of them, maybe not all of them to a five day challenge that I did inside a Facebook group. And so those videos are about 20 minutes each, but I don't have a a good response rate as far as them watching the five days all the way through. And I did when I did it live. But when I, when I sent them through it on it through email,

[1695:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, you know, you send it to them, like when you're doing it live.

[1696:41] Cassandra McKissack: Okay, yeah. So do another five day challenge. Live and

[1697:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: take whatever you've learned from that last one. What questions people were asking all that tweak the offer? Or do I do What do I do a 60 minute, if you don't want to do five days do a 60 minute training or a 90 minute training?

[1701:21] Cassandra McKissack: Yeah, I do have what I call the Freedom Workshop, and when I launch to, you know, three times a year for the course, that's what I'm pushing them to, I'm pushing them to register for the freedom workshop, which this last go round. You know, I need to write out the debrief and look at the numbers and get you to analyze the numbers. Because because I feel like I had, you know, compared to how many people showed up on the webinar, or that all that I felt like I had a good percentage rate. I just need to get more. I just need to have more people in the funnel.

[1713:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. That's Welcome to literally how online marketing is more people in the funnel, equals, you know, you got that you got the numbers going, you got that now we can tweak the numbers, we can improve the numbers. Like I was mentioning last week, I've gotten to the point now where I've, I can identify in like three to six month increments. Yeah, pivot my offers to optimize them better, I find within six months to optimize, but I gotta take sort of like a chunk of okay, here's the last six months of what I've offered, here's the response rate that I've gotten, now we're gonna pivot this direction over here, that worked better for us, and we're going to eliminate or that didn't. And so it's sort of eliminating, like, what was less effective? And just really more of what was more effective for you. So to your question of that email list 50 cent leads again, you might not get that cheap now, you still might. Yeah, we just got 50 cent leads for an offer that Georgia and had we got 50 cent leads from my mom as well. So I mean, I, it's funny for my offer for what I do, like I can get leads under four bucks. Just because petition. Right. Right. So yeah, and that's why the more like, I dial in the right offer that really converts, it's all about moving those levers up and down, I'm at the point where I won't even spend more than $10 a lead if a campaigns costing me $10 A lead, I'm gonna lower my budget really low. And I'm just going to try to not get a lot of people to that training, because it's not going to be as profitable for me. Right? I know how to get $3 leads with different types of offers. So

[1743:00] Cassandra McKissack: okay, well, let me put grab my numbers, when I'm not driving, and I'll put it in the group and tag you to see get your feedback. I feel like there was a disconnect with the sales page. So I am thinking I really, yeah, I probably need to, to kind of tweak the sales page. And then, but I want your feedback. So I'll put all that together, put it in a group

[1750:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: and it all has to lead around the from your sales page to your free offer. Answering this question is this is gonna give me my desires better than other things I've looked at. Right, that that like is the and that's an unconscious subconscious decision, because people aren't actually going to say that, but they're gonna feel it.

[1756:35] Cassandra McKissack: Right. Sure.

[1756:50] Speaker 1: I feel it

[1757:19] Cassandra McKissack: more than a deal. Yeah. And on your irresistible offers, I'm learning like, Okay, I don't think my coffee has enough of painting the pay except for them. And so anyway, but I'll get your feedback when I drop it in the group. Thank you.

[1761:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, sounds good. All right, Shonda, what's up, Shonda? How are you? Hey, Jeremiah,

[1762:59] Shonda Whitworth: thank you for I was wanting to ask you, if you'll unpack a little bit more on the access code given at the end of the webinar. I'm having a three day intensive this week. And I am, I do want to encourage people to join live and I'm about to send out a series I've got 50 people register so far, my ad cost is $5 per lead. So I feel like I'm doing pretty

[1769:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: good. Pretty good. is good for all of you.

[1770:34] Shonda Whitworth: So yeah, I want to send that those emails out to encourage them to join live because I'm not streaming it i into a Facebook group, I didn't do a pop up Facebook group. And I do the replays by posting them on my YouTube channel and making it unlisted. So that's the way they get the replays. So what, what, what how I want to encourage people to attend live because I like to do it interactive, I like to ask questions and have them put in the chat, because I draw off of what they put in the chat. Yeah, what I teach, as they're engaging in the chat, and I really liked doing it that way. I the last time I did that when June and went really nuts when I got five clients in June. So I'm really wanting to mimic what I did in June. Yeah, but what about the access code? I was wanting to unpack that a

[1784:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: little Okay, so I was more of a, something I said on the fly, I'm thinking about it. Now, it would basically just be a, an easy to type in link that you could maybe pop up on the screen, and tell them like, hey, to get this course over here, use this link, your website domain for slash, gift one or something like that, you know, I think back to what I thought about like that, too. You ever watch TBN?

[1792:27] Shonda Whitworth: I haven't in a long time. I just I just got to the point. I just wanted to go there. No, I haven't watched in a long time.

[1794:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyways, they'll they'll do a message and they'll be like, claim your free book here today by going to this and you know, it's like, it's that's kind of like at the end of it, you're gonna be you know, as we promised everybody at the end, here's where you can go access this course. And that's like kind of a private link where, okay, I

[1798:41] Shonda Whitworth: get what you're saying, I don't see that that would work for this. What about offering a discount, like I raise the price, and then give them a discount code? At the end? Yeah, you

[1801:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: could totally do that, too. I would just I do want to pause real quick, the way you would make it work as you would create a separate training course from your main one.

[1804:19] Shonda Whitworth: I mean, I couldn't do that for the Black Friday offer, I hadn't got some really good ideas for that. So maybe if they show up and listen for the whole thing for the Black Friday spill, then they can get the whole,

[1806:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: like what I'm thinking about, I'm trying to unpack, I might give away a course on like putting your landing page together or something at the end of a webinar, or something like that. But that's because like, what's what's one of the number one questions they're asking on the webinar, it's great to tie that to the free gift that they get. And then your whatever your next step is, can even be the same thing. I think that's another thing I'll just say, don't be afraid to have three of your offers literally be essentially the same thing. And they only have a little bit of variation. That's okay to do that. Okay, now back to what you were saying about a discount code. Yeah. So

[1818:24] Shonda Whitworth: like, they would have a coupon code, I would give them a coupon code for attending the live seminar. Like if you attend the live intensive, you get those that are on there like that. That's really like, you don't like that idea. I'm not you can say that to

[1822:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: people, but it's easier. Yeah, I mean, you could totally do that, I wouldn't make it an incentive, the goal behind the free course at the end is to get them to stay all the way through the end.

[1825:15] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, I get what you're saying. So there's really two different things. So I'm trying to use one thing that you and 10 that you were sharing for something else, then I'm getting,

[1828:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have like the same reason why like I'll have bonus trainings in the VIP, it's just, it's more value that you can give to people and as you as you start to deliver content and you start to like, figure out what people are wanting to learn you'll identify lots of different pieces of value that you can give, you don't need to give your whole course away give like 1/10 of like the first lesson as a free gift training that they get and people will just go nuts and bananas over like a 30 minute video they get

[1835:55] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so I can give a free gift to everybody who stayed all the way through the three days

[1837:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you want to do that. Yeah, that's great. That's a great idea. And then you and the way that I incentivize it I've been doing, you can get a free gift for trying out the accelerator for 30 days, so they have to actually join the program to claim the gift they get to keep it. But to actually claim it, they gotta join the program. So,

[1842:26] Shonda Whitworth: okay, I get you that one might be a good one, because I do see I do see you doing that. So you get to claim that free gift because I am going to offer the seven day free trial, then yeah. So by signing up, they get to keep that free gift.

[1847:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: But that's something that I would encourage everybody to try to figure out how to do is to give some kind of a, a gift along with just trying out your program, especially if you have a money back guarantee. Because what that does is it it further removes the risk. Even if you have a money back guarantee, people see it as a risk by adding the free gifts. It's like now it's a risk to not try it out. So it's like a risk reversal type of a thing, which is really cool. And it's Russell Brunson has been teaching this for the last year and a half as he calls it the linchpin offer. Have you seen his linchpin offer but yeah, I've got his book right here. I got all about that. Doing the free gift at the end.

[1859:02] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, I went through his funnel I got Yeah, it's funnels. Yeah. Yeah. And you

[1860:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: notice he does that. So what's he selling Click Funnels. But you get all these trainings, you get this, you get all that for free just for trying Click Funnels out. So we're just we're literally just kind of modeling that funnel into what works best for coaches and mentors. And so it works really well. It really does. I'll tell you, the best way to know what funnel is going to is like working now. What are the top marketers out there using as far as their funnels, I'm constantly Funnel Hacking. Everybody's funnel is going through, okay, they're doing this offer. And I'm frequently noticing all coaches and course creators, they're all doing webinar training with like, some kind of a VIP upgrade, free gift just for attending at the end. So like that combo is working really well. You know, so is that that combo is probably not going to work well, a year from now. Either understand that.

[1875:32] Shonda Whitworth: So you have to at the end, so they attend all three days, then give them a free gift. Or if they sign up? Yeah, it'd be better if they signed up for the trial and got the free gift.

[1878:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that was yeah, that's usually gonna be if you have something like that for them to do, I would go that route because you're skipping like two steps. And you're getting them into the end of the program too. And so then that's a great, that's a great way to do that. But it just us reminded me of some that I hadn't. It's funny, a lot of these techniques we're sharing, probably won't work a year from now, as well as they are now and there will be some sort of other nuance that we got to do. And so that's why, you know, some of this stuff, there's, there's a little bit of a time limit on like, this is going to rear this really works well over the next three to six months. And then we'll start to see the decline of it like the first guy who put the first webinar out there, like basically printed millions of dollars because nobody had ever done a webinar. And then everybody started doing webinars, webinars are still effective. They're not as effective as they were 30 years ago when the first guy decided, hey, I'm going to do a sales pitch and we've been doing at seminars on the internet. And I think I think what the guy who claims he first did that either was Mike Phil Samer Rich Schefren but both of them I know Michael same has his group funnels. Rich Schefren has his steal our winners membership. So he's even selling a mentorship. almost the exact same model as we're selling right here. One of the like, the model that we teach here, this program of you have information, you demonstrate value, you sell it to people from a financial standpoint is the most proven system to create six and seven figures while only having to work five to 15 hours a week. Now what vehicle you fit in that that can be fluid, what you sell what you offer, how you communicate it to people how you close the sale. And those are really kind of the skill sets as far as that goes. That you know we got to we want to grow in getting better at our sales ability getting better at our client attraction, what what hooks are connecting with people better. That's why like a hook that worked a year ago. doesn't work as well. Now, we got to pivot and adjust based off of and that's why getting the language that people are using is also important.

[1915:26] Shonda Whitworth: Yes, and then that language is important. And I finally I feel like I have a little win I want to celebrate here. And as I only started asking for the case studies from our current clients ask for that last on our last live call. And I got three powerful ones. And so what they really like are the is the mindset coaching with the writing coaching, they feel like that helps them be a whole writer and not just giving them the mechanics of the writing.

[1922:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Interesting. So that tells me that that's definitely something we want to implement more in your, your free training and your free offers is that combo

[1926:11] Shonda Whitworth: combo. They liked that combination, because they said, I can go get the mechanics anywhere. I mean, they're the some of the, I mean, one lady, and I'll just share it here. But she left Jerry Jenkins to come to me. I mean, it's so and then. And I asked her why she goes because she can get all the mechanics. But she's wanting the whole writer aspect.

[1932:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. And that's, that's where now what we want to do is that, here's a great example here, that case study you got right there, Shonda, that belief that your clients have in you. They're celebrating you. They they love this about that your goal now in your webinar, is to get people to believe the exact same thing your case studies do before they become a case study.

[1939:21] Shonda Whitworth: Right? Well, moneyman says she once said she decided not to resign up with our therapists because she can only pay for one. And she's staying with me. Okay, I'm like, Well, I'm not a therapist. But

[1942:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, she has to do that. There you go. I mean, it's Yeah.

[1943:56] Shonda Whitworth: I mean, that's not really what I imagined. But I guess that's what they want, and goes back to what you were just training while ago. What do they want from what

[1946:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: are their desires? What are their desires, so caught up in, you know, well, this is what I want to give people marry what you want to give people with what their desire is. And then you'll ultimately like, here's the other thing too, I think some people don't realize they need the mindset stuff until they get in, or they're looking for it. But once they trust you, then they'll they'll, they'll lean into that with you. So

[1954:00] Shonda Whitworth: Right. And then I guess they connect because I've been through a traumatic event that I felt the Lord call me to write about, they're going through, they have that call of God on their life to write about something that had happened in their life that you feel the shameful to put out there. And how you come to the

[1958:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: webinar, right?

[1959:23] Shonda Whitworth: Hey, come through that mindset.

[1959:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you feel it call it God to write about the situation you came through on the other side to make your message your message? Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna walk you through how to do that and how to impact people with your with your story. And like, that's a great hook for a webinar and even for an ad right there.

[1965:12] Shonda Whitworth: Wow, good. I need to grab that audit before you close it. Yeah. All right. That's good. All right. Thank you so much. That helped me even that helped me even more than what I was thinking and thinking I was asking you here. So yeah, that's great. All right, thanks. Well, that's

[1969:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: the thing. So like we listen to what are they saying? And as you start to articulate it, what you're articulating to me right here actually translates into what's going to attract those people to you and your offer

[1972:54] Shonda Whitworth: as well. Yes, right. Yes. All right. Great. Awesome.

[1974:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Thank you. Well, hey, I'm gonna, I'm gonna log off here, I got a, our anniversary is in a couple of days. It's in two days, my wedding anniversary. So we're here in Dallas for that we got the little one with us as well. We're gonna go have some fun here today. So thanks, everyone, for being here. Thanks, everyone for being on. I think some people might have been asking questions in the Facebook group. I didn't open up the group. I will respond back to those here. Later today. So all right, everybody, have a good one. Talk soon.

