CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-03-27T18:32:46.000Z
Duration: 101 min
Otter ID: 7NCEE9itOiu5kV2tqYcW50kENnw
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right. Go live in the Facebook group

[11:45] Speaker 1: Welcome Welcome, everybody. Welcome

[14:30] Speaker 2: How's everybody doing? Good, how are you have a nice birthday.

[16:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very excited for today, good afternoon. Good afternoon. What we're going to be talking about today is our live training day. And then I'll take some questions as well as we go. can always type questions in the chat as we go. And I will respond as we as I can, to those. Thanks, everybody who's on here live today, I know there was a zoom update, I think everybody got that Zoom update when they logged in if you haven't been on zoom in a couple days, so I'm gonna let a few people update their their zoom before we get started. For those of you who are watching the recording, welcome, again, you'll find all the recordings to the live sessions that we do here in the members area, you'll be able to click on the menu bar up above and you'll be able to access all of the live trainings, you can see them categorized out by by topic. This is one of the first trainings that you're watching just a just a recap of how to how to access the content again, you go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. And you're able to to access by clicking login right here, you're able to log into the members area. And access all the courses, all the training all the material that's in there. I don't remember what password was that I made for that. But you'll find all of that in there by logging in with your your username and password as well. The Facebook group, we've got the CG accelerator group, this is where you can engage during the week, ask questions. post anything in here. Pretty much anything. You know, I just learned today that I guess Britain has a different version of daylight savings time. So that's that was news to me, which is so so interesting. All right, we're gonna get started here. Those for those that are watching. I'm going to talk about something and again, this is our live training day. We have our live q&a Next week. You can post questions in the group, you can ask questions today, we'll have some q&a time at the end. But today is specifically I'm going to be doing some live training for you based off of just what I've been seeing in the group based off of what I've been dealing with, with my one on one coaching calls. And it's a topic that I have avoided for the last six months because I didn't want to offend people. It's a topic that I know that this group needs and why do I say this? I've been in this business for 20 years and I needed this topic myself. So um, but it can be offensive if you filter it through your past pain and trauma, okay? So I want you to hear my heart you know, my heart that again, anything that's happened to you if you have been abused, victimized, the victim of other people mistreating you, you, you know, you didn't deserve for those things to happen. But we are responsible for how we respond to what happens in our life and how we move forward. Okay. But what I'm going to talk about today, specifically, is the topic of I don't even like that I don't like the name of it, but a lot of people call it the victim mindset or the victim mentality. And so we're gonna go over a few topics. We're going to be talking again about overcoming the victim mentality we're gonna be talking about And why is this important? Well, because it affects your time management. It affects your business processes, it affects your getting overwhelmed by technology, it affects your marketing strategy, it affects your ability to build and nurture trust. And let me give you some examples. This I'm not talking about, like, you know, I was abused by so and so and so, like, there's things that happen. And I highly recommend working with a therapist, working through your trauma, working through the issues that hold you back, that stop you finding the deep stuff that is limiting you, okay? But what I'm talking about is this. So the victim mindset, the victim mentality that I see that a lot of people it's subtle, it's really subtle. I was operating in it for for four years, I'm just going to share from my experience, and instead of projecting on anybody else in this group, what I think anybody else is dealing with, all right, I made my victim mentality mindset manifests in this way, you know, I mentioned, you know, my coaching sales was only about 500 to $1,000 a month, even though I knew how to build an eight figure coaching business, my victim mindset manifested in this way. Well, this is how I verbalize that. I have to work so hard on other people's projects that I can't build my business. So the victim might it's subtle, right? Like, that sounds logical. That sounds like a really good reason. I was making myself victim to my choice to build other people's projects, as to why my business and why I couldn't promote offers in my business. Another way that it manifests is, I don't have enough money to build my business. And I know that that's, that's a real issue that people have, or I need to pay down my debt first, before I can grow my business, okay. And I know that this is going to be this topic is going to be triggering. Just go with me on this, this process. Here's what I want. I want you to get to a powerful mindset, a victorious mindset, a mindset where you can accomplish anything, where nothing that's happening in your life is responsible for why you can't reach your goals. Other than I chose to not do that thing today. And I am choosing to create the life that I want. I posted on my social media this last week. One one post about the victim mindset. And I got I got two polarizing viewpoints. A it actually got shared more than anything else, which was pretty cool. I said the victim mentality, blaming others for why your life is how it is, or blaming other things, for why your life is how it is or blaming situations is the biggest hindrance to your financial growth and breakthrough. You're the one to control your future, no one else and some people are like I don't agree with that somebody commented and said, you know, a global shutdown a pandemic corporate greed, these aren't my choices. This is an ignorant rhetoric to say that, you know, I'm responsible for that. And I said, You know what, you're right, you're in complete control of the future, you get, stop waiting for things to happen and make them happen. With hard work and determination. Anything's possible. Now. Now, here's the thing. If I was, if this if this program was a coaching program to help trauma victims, take their life back, I probably wouldn't be talking about this topic. But this program is a coaching program to help mentors and coaches a people who I consider colleagues that a that also be I believe that you have more experience in coaching than even I do, for instance, that not to make 20 to $40,000 a month minimum as a starting point in your business and then go make seven figures, right? Do you know the percentage of the population that makes seven figures, it's very small, you know, the percentage of the population that makes $20,000 per month, it's very, it's not as small as it used to be. I need to change your paradigm on that. There's actually a lot more people now today that make 20k a month than there used to be because of inflation. Like, like, you know, I think the numbers are, I think close to like 10% of earners make multiple six figures right now in this country. And so it's considered middle class to actually make $20,000 per month. And so realize, okay, that could become your victim mindset. Oh, inflation. Now, that's my victim mindset, right? The Facebook algorithm, the Facebook algorithms not showing my content to people. Here's another way it can manifest. I got blocked from doing Facebook ads. I can't run my Facebook ads. So now I'm a victim to Zuckerberg GHS algorithm, you know, my, my family doesn't support me. My family doesn't love me the leads that I'm getting aren't good enough, I don't have the support group that I need. My wife is mean to me when I go to build my business, my husband is mean to me things like that again. And that's not to justify anybody else's behavior. Hear me out on that, right. That's not to say that their behavior but but what you have to do is you have to learn to strengthen yourself so that you operate from a powerful place. When you launch a campaign. You can either choose to, to lose from it be a victim of the results, or you can choose to learn from it. And I heard this from

[173:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: there was the first time I ever heard this two years ago, and it radically changed my life. Three years ago, Shaun White, the snowboarder, some of you might know what he experienced. He like, massive crash, like, messed up his face, all this. And you know what he said, he's like, here's the thing. I don't lose in life. I either win, or I learn. I either win, or I learn. And that is the opposite of a victim mindset. That's the opposite of a victim mentality is is that we we don't say, Oh, I've lost, it's horrible. Everything's not working out. We learned to even watch our language to not be speaking that way. To watch how we, we use our language this past week. So I've launched, I got five virtual events that I'm doing over the next course the next two weeks, okay. And I found myself operating out of a victim mindset about all the stuff that I had to do. Blaming taking care of my, my baby, my my wife, and here's the thing again, this is why I'm very cautious to even say some of this. I'm not saying that I'm going to now neglect those things or that they're not happening. Right. But is it that I does it now take my energetic focus away to where I am now focused on what's not going my way? What's not working out how I want it, too. And what I decided to do was I decided, You know what, I need to stop operating out of this place this victim mindset. I was I was blaming, uh, one of the big ones was I really was I was blaming

[203:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: internally and mentally, my wife that I love and our son for stress in my business, I mean, open the blinds, my cat is going crazy trying to look out the window. I was blaming everything else for stress in my business, okay. I found that I like to go for walks for 30 to 45 minutes a day. There's a reason I'm telling you this. I'll do it twice a day. Well, the weather in Austin is really up and down. It can be like 100 degrees, and you don't really want to go outside. It can be down pouring rain, and then you don't want to go outside. So I was noticing that my focus in my business was lacking on the days that I wasn't going outside and going for walks. I just invested in this weekend, we just bought a treadmill, and I have a desk attachment on it. I probably use that thing about two hours a day for the last four days. And I'm not running, I'm just walking on it. I'm just walking on the treadmill. I'll do like an hour long stint before I came on here with you. I had my laptop on the treadmill. I wrote seven emails while I was on the treadmill. If you want to know what it did, it got me into a better mental state instead of being a victim of I got all this stuff going on. And now I can't go for a walk because it's too hot out. And now I got my client growth accelerator call and I got all this see that was the victim mentality operating that way is trying to look out okay, I got all this stuff that I'm doing. And it's, it's preventing me from doing the things that I want to do. There's all this stuff going on in my life that's preventing me from having what I want. That's really I think how the victim mindset manifest for us. For coaches for mentors, there's things that that are not going how they should. And if they only went how they should or how I want them to then I will experience the things that I want to experience and actually that's a lie in and of itself. Because what that the big lie of that is is that there's no guarantees that you're going to get things how you want even if you you experience them that way. Because you'll find something else to blame it on. It's it's more of a systemic issue, the victim mindset. And so we have to sort of reframe how we look at things, one of the biggest things for me, was self compassion. Looking at how I speak to myself, when I'm not doing things as I should, instead of beating myself up, punishing myself, you know, my, my mentality was this, if I, if I made a mistake, and those of you who are therapists, you'll, you'll get a real clue as to kind of what some of my own inner trauma has been, when I tell you this. Like if I forgot to take the trash out, I would verbally abuse myself for about an hour, and tell myself that I was the worst human being on planet Earth. Until I finally, and I had a belief that that was that was motivating me to keep doing stuff. And I have made the choice since November of last year, to no longer do that, that if I make a mistake that I don't do something the way that I should, that instead I look at how would I if a close friend of mine, or my son, or my wife was going through this and they struggled? How would I talk to them? And for me, I am way kinder to everybody else. I'm like, you don't it's gonna be okay. It's okay, you forgot, it's fine. You're good. And I had to start talking to myself that way. That was the way that I would talk to other people. So that's, that's the first thing, we have to stop blaming everything else outside of us for what's going on, we have to start taking personal responsibility for what's going on in our life. And we have to start changing how we are talking to ourselves. Okay. Now, the second thing is we have to simplify. When it comes to the processes in our business. We have to simplify those processes. I take a look at any process in my business, how can I accomplish it with the least amount of effort and time possible? Some may call that laziness. I had a belief that it was laziness, it's not it's wisdom. Because efficiency, when I look at it, I look at okay, I need to accomplish this goal. And this is my goal. And okay, it's taking me 20 hours to do this. Well, I'm not going to accept that it's taking me 20 hours. And I think this is some of you, this is where the victim mentality manifests. For some, some people, it's been taking me 40 hours to build out this landing page. Again, like I said, this, this might be triggering. I'm not saying that this isn't your reality, I'm not gaslighting you and telling you that this is not going on. I'm sure that that's devastating and hard and terrible. But what we have to look at is Okay, is there certain things that I could do to reduce the amount of hours that this is taking down to maybe five hours? Or one hour? Or 20 minutes? And this is this is my mindset that I have when it comes to any task in my business? How do I accomplish as much as I accomplish? I look at every single area of my business from funnel building, to running my live events, to writing my emails. And I'm looking at, okay, by baseline if I didn't change anything, maybe 40 hours? How can I optimize it to buy back more of my time when I say buy back again, I'm not always talking about money, but we'll get to that in a second. To make it to where it only has to take me five hours. And what it is is we have to look at there's usually a belief that it has to take this long that I have to do all the things that it takes, I have to put all the pieces together and they have to be just so and they have to be just right. And they have to take that long. And if I don't have all those pieces together, well then the whole thing is going to blow up and crash and burn. And again, that's a victim mentality to this belief that if only it was all perfect enough, then I deserve success. Because here's what ends up happening is the truth is, no matter how perfect you make your funnel, this is what I want to like empower you with no matter how perfect you make your funnel you could take all 120 hours to build your funnel, you can take 240 hours. I mean this truth and I hope that you, you believe me on this, a funnel that took you 240 hours is not going to perform better than one that took you an hour to build. It's not. And that's a paradigm shift. And that might challenge how you look at the world right now. A funnel that takes 120 hours is not going to perform better. You're not going to have more success by doing and perfecting it that much than one that takes you five hours that you do an hour a day for a week or a half hour a day for two weeks. Or that you maybe you go you find John Lynn and hire her to help you build it on Squarespace. What about the fastest way? Again, I can tell I can tell a lot of people haven't gone through the training in the members area, the funnel building Squarespace course because of the some of the questions that come in, so there's a course in the members area called funnel building made easy on Squarespace. And you might be saying Why don't want to use Squarespace, I use this site, I use that site. Great. Keep your site. Here's what I what I recommended in that course. And this is why I know that people didn't go through it or maybe just didn't hear it. Let's say that this is your normal site. It's on WordPress, okay, and I'm telling you to build a funnel on WordPress is gonna take you 30 times longer than it will on Squarespace. They will. This might be your like your domain name, your name.com, whatever. Okay, here's what I recommended in that course, create a simple Squarespace page. That's just for your funnel itself. And it could be like a subdomain funnel.u.com. And just build a simple landing page that follows the simple process that I lay out with a MailChimp form. And you use that on a different domain name and your main one, you might and this might be a clue as to what's going on old school SEO tells you to not do this new school, it doesn't matter. None of that matters as much anymore. We built we built stuff with Rick Pino on like, he used a new domain name for every single funnel he used. And you don't need to do that either.

[362:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: We started finally just doing it at one single domain name dot worship coach.com. Because it was on it was on Clickfunnels because each each subdomain can use a different landing page builder. And so what this can do now is you could get your funnel done in one to two hours. And direct people to a simple page that's over on Squarespace, even though your main site is still over here on WordPress, and you don't need to make this whole site and branding and logos and all of that look and match perfectly. See all of that, again is a victim mentality that you have to do all this stuff in order to deserve success. I have to spend all this time doing all these things and making them just so to fit into a little tiny box of exactly how they need to be. Or it's all going to crash and burn and I'm gonna lose my money on my ads and everything's gonna go bad and I'm just gonna lose everything. See, that's that's the internal battle that happens that struggle is this belief that everything's gonna go wrong, unless it's perfect. Everything is going to crash and burn unless it's. And I'm going to take 300 hours to do it so that now I can blame how long it takes for why I can't launch it, so that I can blame everything else, for why things don't work out for me to validate my internal story, that it's too hard to grow a business, that it's too difficult to build a business I'm telling you, I have shied away from saying this for six months because I know for some of you what I just said is very offensive. I understand no my heart understand my heart I want to see you succeed. I want to see you be victorious and profitable and make more money than you imagine this possible and again, if what I have said has offended you so much. I apologize. I am working on how I can express this in a more loving and kind way that might come across that my heart might come across a little bit better. But but this is this is inside of me because I know how simple it is to make six figures and I know that you don't need to be working as hard as you're working, you don't need to be spending as many hours as you're doing. You don't need to be spending as many hours on your sales copy. You spending 20 hours on your sales copy is not going to produce more results for you. getting stuff out the door, testing it out, experimenting, this is what this is the biggest thing I'm telling you that that changed everything for Rick Pino. For Don, this is what changed everything for me and my business. I was doing what this what I'm telling you right here is what was stopping me from promoting my offers until last year, and I finally was like, You know what, I'm gonna do the simple things. And I worked through internally, what internal beliefs that I have as to why I can't do that as to why it's wrong to do that, as to why I'm scared to do that as to why I'm avoiding doing that. Trying to do things the right way. Best practices, I just want to do it right. I just want to make sure it works. All of that is insecurity, fear, and worry, and trying to control everything that's outside of your control. Because truthfully, Can I be honest? Well, yeah, I'm being honest this whole time. I hate saying that. Can I be honest, I need to rip that on my vocabulary, because everything that I say, comes from a place of honesty. But I have avoided this topic out of my own people pleasing nature. That's why I said Can I be honest. Because I've been trying to not piss you guys off. And at this point, I realized that it's not my job to please anybody in the client growth accelerator. It's just not.

[431:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: When you launch your funnel, I launched my funnel this week, this past week, growing my email list, I had a team build it all for me, I didn't even I didn't even build the landing pages, Jonathan built all that for me. You see my landing pages, she built those. She created those. Okay. These whole this whole funnel, she built this. For me, I told her what to do what to put together okay. on Squarespace, she bought five of them in two days would have taken me two weeks to do that. So my victim mentality was, it takes me two weeks to do what I want to do in my business, when in fact, I literally have access to somebody that can help me do it in two days. Okay. When I launch a campaign like this, and I recorded that I recorded the training yesterday for it, I pre recorded this training that I'll be launching tomorrow, we have over 250 people registered already, we've spent very little on ads. When I let it go, and I put it out there, I have no control over how people are going to respond, react, what they're going to do if we're going to take action if they're going to do anything. And you have to realize that really what the root of all this is, is we're trying to control what other people do. We're trying to control the outcome too much. We're trying to control how it goes. Now yes, there is a level of control in your copy in your sales copy, and your ads and what you say, but at the end of the day, you need to just launch it at a sort of good enough stage. Where done and launched is better than a perfect launch. An imperfect funnel that's out there today is way better than a perfect one that you didn't launch or that you launched next month. It really is. And sometimes what you need to do is you need to set deadlines for yourself. So what I'll do is I'll back out, okay, how long does it take me to build out this funnel Okay, a month that I'm gonna set a deadline for myself to launch it a month from now. And I'm gonna set that date and I'm gonna start telling people that we're launching it on that date, so that now I have accountability to launch on that date. And then I break everything down into smaller tasks and start to build it out. simply and easily, as fast as possible. Each step when I say as fast as possible, I'm not talking about like this hustle mindset either. I'm talking about reducing the amount of time that you spend doing things to where it might like if it took you 20 hours I want to try to get it done in 20 minutes. And that is possible. You know, it used to take me 20 hours to write a sales page. Now it takes 30 minutes, you can train yourself and grow. And I want you to start to believe that the stuff that's taking you a long time right now in your business again, you might need to get some help. You might need to hire out. You can get to the place where it's not overwhelming for you to where it takes you way less time. Then then it's taking you right now. Okay. Now, the other thing is, is this and I know some of you, you're like, Well, I don't have money to hire people. I don't have the money to run Facebook ads. I don't have the money to do that again. Okay. Again, yeah, I actually booked is a touchy subject when you start talking about people's money. People get real, real touchy on this. We have to stop playing victim to how much money we have in our bank account. And don't assume what I didn't say in that statement. Don't think that I'm saying go wastes money, blow money. See it? Because I've said this before. And people assume now that I'm saying to just go into debt, blow money and be irresponsible? That is the last thing that I would encourage you to do? I would actually encourage you to get more disciplined with your spending, figure out okay, are there some things in my house that I need to sell that I could use to go pay Jonathan to build me a landing page? Are there some is there like an extra job over here that I could take to be able to pay for my Facebook ads? Is there some debt that I could pay off over here to open up some space on my credit card? Are there some some things maybe some subscriptions that I could could cancel temporarily or some some things that I'm spending my money on every single month, every single year that I could take just a little bit to be able to start to build my business

[510:14] Speaker 1: to be able to start to run my ads? Take a look at your life. Take a look at what are you playing victim to

[514:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you'll find is usually the one that you're really playing victim to is usually what you're really angry about. And that you feel trapped by, and that you feel like there's no way out. That's that's why the victim mentality is so hard because when you're actually in it, nobody can convince you that it's the victim mentality. Me even saying that it's the victim mentality is is offensive to somebody who is blamed, like Facebook, blocked me from running ads, okay, calling out the victim mentality is offensive to somebody going through that. But when we take a step back, and a we learn to not get so offended all the time, first off, and we start to look at goes back to what I said, How can I be a more powerful person? How can I walk in more power? How can I start to create the things that I want instead of claiming and blaming everything else outside of me for why I can't progress forward, and we start to take a look at what's going on in our life. Now there's two ways of doing this. One is, the way that I would recommend is taking personal responsibility for your choices, your decisions and your beliefs. Unfortunately, a lot of people take the route to where they start chopping heads off other people and they start acting abusive to other people in their life. And they start acting in ways that are unhealthy and things like that, or they have this belief. This was a this was another belief that I had my victim mentality was this. I don't want to be abusive to people in my life. And so the reason why I'm not successful is because I'm just so kind to everybody. I'm just so nice to everybody. I would never say to anybody, this type of thing. The reason why my clients aren't succeeding is because I'm just, I'm just too nice for them. This was literally something that I had told myself two years ago as I was blaming my own pride of being nice and kind to people for why I was incapable of helping my clients get results. Because I didn't want to hurt anybody. Because I didn't want to damage or re traumatize or plus I had experienced coaches and mentors that had they had built their business on gaslighting their clients, they had built their businesses on abusive language. I have been around coaches and mentors that have done that. So I've been very careful and those of you who have been in here for a while you can you can, you know, my heart on this. I don't want to I don't want to be the reason as a coach or a mentor for why you need a therapist. I have literally had coaches and mentors be the reason why I've needed to go to my therapist. Okay. And so that's, that's, that is the last thing that I want to do. I know that from what I'm saying, Today, I'm going to have some consequences for it. And I've accepted those consequences. And I've learned to accept that I'm not going to make everybody happy. But there are certain things that I can no longer be silent about, that if I that If I tiptoe around, that If I tiptoe around, so that I make everybody happy, that I no longer that I'm not going to be serving you as a coach. Well, that I that that I have, I have found plateaus. And this is what I do as a coach myself. And I would encourage you to do this as a coach, I look at in my coaching, where is the upper limit of my clients results? And how can I raise that bar? You notice, those have been in here, I keep raising the bar just a little bit each month? Because I keep looking at where are people's results stalling out? Where are their results stalling out? Where are their results stalling out. I had a call with somebody this week.

[586:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And she told me about how she had no support from her family. And how her family there's things that people in her family that they should be doing. And that they, they don't love her and they don't take care of her and that they have no respect for her. And and I asked I said have you told them any of this? Have you communicated any of this to them? And she's like, Well, no, I could never do that that would hurt them. I said, so how do they know you feel this way? And she's like, well, they should know. Like, everybody should know that it's just abusive to treat somebody this way. And I said, Are you sure they know that? And she's like, of course they do. And I said how do you know they know that? Because they just know well, have you told them? Well, no, I haven't. So why not. And so what I concluded was she was operating from this this framework of victim mentality. That was threefold. There was a lack of boundaries. There's a lack of communication ability, communication skills. And it was blaming others for not doing what they should. And I found that this was prevalent and apparent in my own life. And I immediately went to work and was like, how am I doing this in my own life? What are areas that I'm not communicating with my wife? What I should? What are areas that I'm not communicating with my clients? How I should? What are areas that I'm not communicating with my friends with my family, and that I'm blaming them for why I'm not experiencing what I want, and why I am playing the victim, a power powerless person to outside circumstances. See, I had this belief that I wasn't doing that, that might actually be something for you to look at. Do you have a belief that you're not doing any of this? Do you have a belief that maybe you've already overcome all of this? That you no longer struggle with this? See, I thought that that's what it was. And then I realized it was like, gaping, staring me in the face. The very things that I tried to help people with that I'm doing myself that I'm operating in myself. Now here's the thing I've I've broken past the feeling of imposter syndrome. I don't believe that I have to have overcome something 100% and lived it out for six years with certification in order to be qualified enough to talk about why this isn't healthy to do. There's some of you some of you possibly some people who think that in order to talk about certain things in your coaching business, you have to have six years of results, case studies, you have to have a certification and and in triplicate prove that you can actually do the things that you're selling and doing you don't if you learn to overcome something I'm telling you, I overcome, I overcame some of this a week ago, and now I'm sharing it with you. Because I went to work at it. And it changed my life. So I went and I went and picked up a treadmill. I'm telling you, I took action, what are areas in your life that you're not taking action on and that you're using and that you're blaming? What's going on outside of you, and around you?

[653:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, I just said something like two a minute ago, that I wanted to touch on. It'll come back to me. Oh, that's what it was. Some people are blaming, why they don't have the that the fact that they don't have case studies in their business, for why they're not getting the right leads in their business. I don't have case studies. I don't got testimonies. I didn't have testimonies when I started. You don't need to have all this stuff. What you need to do is you need to learn and go through the process, the feedback loop, listen to your target customer, reverse engineer the trust and relationship building process with your prospects. Okay. So now let's go into marketing copywriting strategy here, and how this applies.

[670:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't need case studies. You don't need to have triplicate certification, that proves that you know what you're doing. If you can get people on a zoom call with you, and you create a mechanism where they tell you what are they struggling with? What are they dealing with. And they ask you questions, and you filter those into chat GPT. And you have it break down what the problems that people have are, you can write sales copy that's persuasive, that's engaging, and you don't need to spend hours and hours perfecting it either take an hour to write it, take two hours max, and then put it out there. Your goal is this to nurture, relationship and trust with people that you find on the internet. With people that are out there, there are people out there right now that need the coaching that you offer. And they will get the coaching that you offer when you put it out there. But we're so concerned about trying to control how the relationship goes, trying to make sure that it goes the right way. What I look at is this, my entire mission is I want to just connect with some people that fit into my target demographic. I want to demonstrate to them the value that they get from working with me. I want to get them some results. I want to get them some results fast before they even spend money with me. And I want to continue staying connected with them by emailing them every single day. By writing to them by by connecting social media posts. I make social media posts that nurture the relationship. Oh, there's another one. I don't have 20 the 40 hours to make social media posts. Another victim mindset mentality. When you could go into chat GBT haven't come up with 20 video posts ideas. Take tell it to to write a script for a video on a topic for you reword it in your own words. And now in five minutes, you go record that on your phone, you got a piece of video content for that day. Bong does not, I'm not comfortable using chat GPT I don't trust if it's the right content, that's more victim mentality. It's what it is. It's this, it's this. These things, these reasons that we come up with for why we can't do the very things that are going to help move us forward. Okay. And so what I want to do is I want to take some questions now and I want to go into the q&a time, because I know that this is a heavy topic. And again, we're going to be talking about more on nurturing trust building trust, long term relationship and time management and our upcoming courses. I right now in our members area, we're finishing out the chat GPT prom Academy. If you haven't checked it out, it's it's really awesome. I'm talking about stuff that I've never talked about with with anybody before. That I've never gone over in any of my previous trainings before that are going to help you get results in your business that's over in the members area, the landing page blueprint, if you don't know how to structure your landing page, I'm breaking that down for you and the landing page blueprint. Okay, once those courses are done, once I'm done making those, the next two that I'm doing are going to be about nurturing and building trust and relationship. Making that connection with people, right? And your time management, how do you structure your time? How do you do your time and a lot of it, there's going to be a lot of mindset covered in it as well as strategies as well as ways that I'm using chat GBT right now, you know, I use chat GPT I dictate to it, what my daily schedule is, and it actually creates me a task list for my day. My victim mentality was I suck at making task lists. So that's going to limit my ability to succeed. I suck at creating outlines for people what they should do, I really do naturally on my own. I do. But you want to know what I'm really good at dictating what people should do verbalizing it, and then I can use AI to filter it and create task lists and outlines for me. I've been doing that with my, my own life with my staff. And now I'm going to be bringing that into the client growth accelerator where we're going to start to have more broken down lists for you coming up in the next couple of months for all the different tasks and stuff for you to do. Now, you don't need to wait for that to come up one way that you could do you have access to the transcript to a lot of those courses, you could copy the transcript and chat GBT and have it create an outline for you. It takes five minutes again one thing I want to just encourage you don't make this program filter into your victim mentality. Well Jeremiah hasn't shown me how to do this yet so I'm just gonna wait till he does instead ask in the group and I might be able to give you an alternative solution and then eventually it might become a course it might become a training this next year we are going to be turning this program into the best coaching program on the planet for coaches and mentors to grow and scale their businesses. Right so Adele, Adele raise your hand

[762:27] Speaker 2: Hi Jeremiah. You're so right this is really convicted me and I know exactly what I need to do I just

[764:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: sorry, sorry, I couldn't hear you. You're muted.

[765:11] Speaker 2: Yeah, that was so convicting, but I know that everything you said was me and that I need to just get over it and get out there and do it. So I'm setting myself a month target I'm going to build the funnel I'm going to run the ad I'm going to get out there doesn't matter what I feel. I'm just going to do it. It is a very simple process and it shouldn't shouldn't be any reason why I can't do it's absolutely none. But it does

[770:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: take a while so give yourself the grace that it's taken a while but even though it shouldn't it has

[772:37] Speaker 2: intellectually I understand it but somewhere in me there is a fear there is a fear and it's gonna have to break and I've been trying to be like, you know, dealing with that inner child Okay, a little child, I hear your fear but we're just gonna do this anyway. And I've been saying to myself, you know, you're seeing your love you're held you see if I don't know. I don't know. I'm doing cold Polly vehicle worth now to try and get rid of whatever traumas there. I'm like, whatever I have to do to break this and move forward. I'm trying to do the work. And so I was initially going to run just one masterclass mostly artists fear, thinking that I'll just do one art. But now I've decided I think I do want to do like a four day challenge. I think a it'll give me more experience of speaking to people, it will give me more confidence. And it will from coming from somewhere where people don't know me. It will build that like and trust factor. But I noticed that those events that you're doing this month, why why are you not doing the four day challenge anymore? You just You just seem to be doing one off events?

[787:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I am doing a five day I'm doing a five day on April 10.

[789:21] Speaker 2: All right. Okay. Yeah, we're

[789:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing a five day called growth. I just haven't announced it yet. I announce it tomorrow. All right. So in the one day event, I'm doing the grow your email list. I'm telling everybody to join my five day I'm selling them on anything I'm just saying hey, go join me for this five day event. So

[793:55] Speaker 2: you're using the one off event is like a five day okay?

[795:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because we're because it's that's that's getting me away better costs for my ads to do that. That's how I'm getting 20 to 30 times my ad spend is because I'm doing it that way. Now. It's four times the work. That's why I have to systematize it and have a team build it all for me. Okay, You don't need to do that. We've already blown past multiple, six figures in our business, you only need to do the simple create a virtual event, create a multi day event. I ran a couple I did, I did, I think seven, three day and five day events. Last year before I even did that I did like a one day webinar that then led to it. Because what I was finding was my ad costs started to go up. And it was still profitable. But I just, I, as I talked about how I optimize my time, okay, this is gonna take me 120 hours to build out for events, I don't have 120 hours. So I'm going to optimize it's only takes me five hours. And that's how I've gotten it to. Okay, so, but I'm still doing the actual sales pitch happens at the five day event that I'm that I'm doing the five day event is, again, you guys, nobody has seen it yet. It's this one, grow your group coaching business with Zoom events, five day virtual mastermind. So I'm hosting this April 10, to the 14th. So that's my call to action on on this event that I'm doing right here. I'm doing this one right here that I'm going to start marketing, it'll be on Saturday. That's the same call to action on this one right here. So I'm using these different hooks that get people in, because I've optimized all the hooks. So I got four different hooks I'm doing then the next hook that I'm doing is I have build your client getting marketing funnel and plan and map out your your your coaching program. But they all lead people as my call to action to joining me for this five day event right here. And then the call to action at the end of this one is to join the accelerator. And we're going to rename the accelerator I think in a month or two, the name is going to be called the wealthy coach Academy.

[828:43] Speaker 2: Whoa, love it.

[829:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's the same program. I'm just gonna be changing the name and the branding to wealthy coach Academy. Because that's what it is. I want every single coach who's in here to become as wealthy as possible.

[832:26] Speaker 3: Okay. Thanks. Yeah, yeah. All right, Tiffany. Good morning, I was just doing a little running to get some energy out and awesome. around my house as you're answering those questions. So I just wanted to tell you, thank you for not holding back, thank you for like keeping it real, because you not holding back allows us to grow. Yeah, and rip the band aid off. And it's, you know, and so that's why I

[843:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: knew I didn't have to hold back, there was a certain group of people who join this program. And who I take a look at who keeps asking to cancel after the first 30 days. And I'm finding that the ones that I was avoiding speaking to they all kept canceling after the first 30 days. And so clearly, they're not even part of this program. So why am I not talking on certain topics that they're not even going to hear? So that's where I'm adjusting what I'm doing based off of who is on these? Who's asking questions. Um, the key Yeah, like you said, the keep raising the bar. Yeah, we're gonna keep raising the bar in this group.

[855:14] Speaker 3: That that's why I'm here. Um, so I know, I've been sharing a lot about what I've been doing as a coach. So being here, I'm going back to what I would classify as the basics of building my business. Because I haven't built well, okay, I tried building a funnel through, what is that? Oh, my gosh, it was, if somebody were to say the name, I could tell you, it was this beta testing thing, this website that drove me mad, it took me hours. And so I remember the pain and the torture, of sitting there trying to figure out how to build this funnel. And it was just a no Groove. Groove.

[869:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've heard groove is really hard to build with. But hey, it's free. So everybody's like, let's jump over to it. Right. Yeah. You kind of get what you pay for.

[872:39] Speaker 3: Yes, exactly. And so I just started watching the six steps course that you recommended in when you answered my question. So where I'm at right now is I don't let me just start here. I just barely have been able to put into words exactly what I do. And the clients that Come to me, because what I do just comes really easy and naturally. So when somebody asked me I'm like, a deer in headlights? Okay. Yeah, that's what I do. So I've been able to put it into words, which is it feels really freeing to do that, because now I finally feel like I have clarity. Yeah, what I don't have is like any event to put out yet for like the you know how you've been talking about doing like the free events and get people's email. So I don't have I honestly don't have anything like set in stone yet. I have an idea based on a lot of people that interact with me on social media, their comments, their responses, and a lot of what my clients come to me for. And so, and I also am interested in building the funnel. And, like, so I'm not really sure if the question, it's there, but like, what, what are your like, tips recommendations to do to get to that point to be able to have something because I just don't want to just throw something out there like spaghetti on the wall like I've done before? So

[901:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, if you go through the process, it's in the six steps about writing your copy, you want to figure out what are the main, like pain points that your target customer has, and what is the ultimate desire that you lead them to. And so you create an event around one of those topics. And actually, you do want to just test that out one of those, you're not going to feel you're not ever going to feel super good certain, and this is gonna work about any of them. And so that's actually part of it is you're gonna feel uncertain. When you launch your funnel initially, I think that's one of the biggest misconceptions is that I'm going to feel so much peace about launching this funnel initially, that it's going to just work. They never it's not, I've never built a funnel that's felt that way. Ever. Okay, so and so realizing that actually seeking that sort of piece about your funnel is a form of procrastination. And then the other thing is, is that a, you want to learn how to articulate things in a clear, concise way, identify what the core message is? And what's the core value that people have in your business? What's the unique problem that you solve for your clients? How do you bring a unique solution to people? And then identify what are their pain points? What resonates with them? What are what's the specific words that they use specifically? So we go through that, in the six steps course, I go through that in the like in the chat GPT course, I show you how to use chat GPT, to help you come up with a lot of that language, we're using AI to come up with most of our language, because you don't have to spend a lot of time anymore. The AI is extremely accurate for coaches and mentors to come up with their language, their hooks, their ideas and stuff to use for people. And so that's the process that we're using to help create our funnels, create our offers and create our sales copy. Okay, so then you haven't write your sales copy on a specific topic. Usually I'll have it say, Okay, come up with 20 topics that I could do, based off of these pain points, this client this, stuff like that, and then it will, it'll spit out for you, like 20 ideas, I'll find one or two of them that really stand out to me, and that's what I'll use for my offer. And then I'll test it out. That's where you then need to put it out there experiment. See what kind of response you get from people see what kind of response you get from the market. See how people respond. Now, here's the other thing is I would I would take a look at do you. Let me ask you that. Do you find that you have a habit of over explaining things?

[944:18] Speaker 3: Yes, that's actually in my What is that thing that your mom has us take? In there? Yes, yes. That's actually one of my things that I do.

[947:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. So over over explaining though, there's, there's a side to it. That, that you want to be accurate. However, it's ineffective. Yeah, that's the marketing language. And so what's cool is, again, the AI you can sort of what I love to do is there's a there's a plug in for the AI where you can dictate into it. And I'll literally dictate my sort of because I have a habit of over explaining as well. I will over explain what I want to get across into the AI and it will simplify it for me.

[956:44] Speaker 3: Oh, do you ask it to simplify what you've just said?

[957:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Well, you can ask it to simplify what you just said. I'll have I'll say, hold the key points out of this. I'll usually say to develop a a sales letter based off of this, there's a whole document, I posted it in the group with different commands and stuff that you can use in chat GPT to do that, as well. And so that's what I'm showing in the chat GPT launch Academy, too. So again, the goal is you want to create your, you know what your niche is, right? You already know that. Okay, so that's, that's, you've already done like 90% of the work then. So what you do is you just filter your niche information into chat CBT. And you follow what I teach in lesson two of the six steps about writing the offer, copy, and then that becomes your event that you have people join, that you do on Zoom. Now, you've already been doing those sorts of Facebook videos. The goal is you want to have people register with their name and email address, set aside a specific time to be there with you to listen to you. And you have a call to action at the end of it. Yeah, so that's what to put out there.

[975:51] Speaker 3: Okay, yeah, cuz I've been doing the, as I've mentioned before, like, the masterclass thing, putting out the date and the time, and then not a whole lot of people would show up so. So I created a free group. And then I switched over to like that paid group, which I didn't feel that's just, I didn't feel aligned with the group, because it's where I'm at in my life. I'm not who I was when I created the group. So so I'm ready to switch over and, and flip and, and do things differently. So that I can get what I'm in business for, which is money.

[986:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a huge thing, what you just said to you're not who you were, when you started that how, with coaching, I'll say this more to for the rest of the group here is as people grow out of that sort of like our own victim mentality, we end up attracting people with the victim mentality when we have it, and they end up literally triggering us and trying to hold us accountable to the very things that we are a victim to, and they play victim to us for the exact same reasons. It literally becomes this push and pull energy type thing, that when you then break through out of that, a it'll start to repel them. And it starts to demonstrate to other people how you're willing to show up. For instance, again, I had a guy write me a nasty email, because he was a victim to me not responding to him on Facebook direct message. I I, in his mind destroyed his life, because I didn't respond. And that was his victim mentality. And so and that was his reality. And I don't want to question his reality. I don't want to say like, that's literally what he's experiencing. But he's not somebody who's a good fit for coaching with me. And that's where he's operating out of, you know, and so when we start to have boundaries, and we require more, and we're not trying to the way I say it is I'm no longer willing to whoring myself out to people, just for the sake of helping people right. In the past, I found my validation from responding to every DM that I got to coach people. I found my self worth and people asking for help. I found my self worth and people using and abusing I found myself worth and people using and abusing me and I felt like I didn't have worth unless people did that to me. And I I'm a little choked up talking about that. Because even as as recent as last year, I did. And it's like, okay, these are new layers that I'm growing in. I am I am. I was finding when I was operating that way, I was also attracting people that did the same thing. And, and it was like, now I'm attracting a completely different type of person, as well. So that's, that's, that's a huge part of that.

[1027:00] Speaker 3: All right, yeah. Yeah, definitely. Well, thank you. I'm gonna I didn't have one last question before I gotta get going. I had a podcast. And I remember you said something. In a recent thing, maybe it was this or maybe it was the five day thing. Well, whatever. Anyway, you've said something about a podcast. I have a podcast that I set up back in June. And so I've been doing a lot of stuff to get myself out there for free if you will been doing a lot of like value adding stuff. At what point in my business, should I pick that back up? Or is that something that I can still do because I need something to talk into to get my message out there. I don't do well with typing and writing, I've got a unique.

[1042:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: So do I love talking into chat GBT and then having it transcribe it. That's one way that I do that. But I also transcribed my podcast episodes as well. And so yeah, that's the reason why I still do my podcasts and content like that. I'll find if you're struggling to be concise with your language and your offers and things like that, the more you talk about it, the better you'll get at explaining it, then using less words to explain it, like I have found that I've gotten way better at explaining what I help people with than I did four years ago. I'm not all over the place with it either. Because I'm I'm more specific as to who I'm serving, who I'm working with, and how I can help raise people up. And what I'm looking for is I'm looking for people that are willing to no longer operate in the victim mentality to take action in their business. Again, this is you might have had horrible trauma happen, you might have been completely victimized, abuse, hurt, terrible stuff might have happened to you in your life. And I'm not justifying saying that or that you deserved any of it. But it's but it's that how can we rise above that to where you are not defeated and broken? Like the person who tried to abuse you tried to bake you?

[1062:31] Speaker 3: That's powerful. That's, um, and yeah, I've been working through a lot of that. So and as you know, we're here I'm here for a year. That's what I need a commitment to so and you'll you'll hear my story throughout the whole year. But yeah, but yeah, but thank you, thank you so much. And, and continue to keep raising the bar. I will. Yeah, I don't expect you to hold back at all on sell. So thank you.

[1071:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not holding back, I'm telling you to there's something that happens with me when I when I just go for a walk and me using the treadmill and doing that as it's unlocking parts of my brain that have been dormant. You know, some of you don't. That's hard for me to talk about. I had a major eating disorder with fitness and bodybuilding. And I'd gotten down to 5% body fat back in 2013.

[1081:23] Speaker 1: Because I thought my worth was just in how my physical body looked that I had no value if I didn't have a six pack.

[1085:56] Speaker 1: And I've healed from that, to where that's not my belief. But I avoided physical fitness for a long time because it triggered me to that.

[1089:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now it's like, really fun to start working out more consistently, because of how it's helping my business and it's helping my brain and it's helping my relationship and really, like I want to I want to be here for my son and in 30 years. So I didn't realize that was such a big big thing for me

[1098:52] Speaker 4: All right. Have a nice I love you, Jeremiah.

[1100:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thanks. At least y'all know like me crying like this. This isn't like scripted or like trying to get sympathy from anybody. I used to hold back because I think Man, people are gonna think like, I'm just doing this to look a certain way or whatever. No, I'm not worried about that anymore.

[1104:48] Speaker 4: It's called you're a human being. Yeah. Yay.

[1106:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: more emotional. Then I wear my emotions out there.

[1108:54] Speaker 4: You just seem to be like President, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I just wanted to share an update everything in this conversation is so resonates with me and I've been in this like, vein of what you're speaking of. And so I'm launching my virtual event today. It's two weeks. I did. It's in my faith based category. And I yeah, I have I'm making lemons out of lemonade instead of being a victim. Awesome. So I have a total of 68 leads. Okay, and uh, My ad spend was $3.23 per lead. My click cost per click was 198. So I was like, So I sat there with kind of at the end of like, what I said I was gonna run those ads for, which was 10 days. And I was like, crap, you know, like, technically in the world of numbers, I don't have literally good numbers to produce something. So I noticed that thought, and I was like, wait a minute, and I really think it was like God reminding me about something. And that's that when I used to work for landmark education, my whole job, you don't know this was to get people to their course. Hmm. Like, that was my whole job. So, you know, we had like, you know, procedures and how we got people to their course. So it was like God was saying, to actually show up, yeah, hey, you actually have the skill, even though you don't have the numbers, dive deep. And work your email list, and do what you know to do with intention. Because intention is so powerful, and a big part of getting anyone anywhere, is creating the intention that they're gonna be there. And what I really noticed, Jeremiah is mostly the whole time I've been in this program, when like, it's part of my mindset that I'm transforming through the power of God's grace. Thank You, Lord, was whenever the results don't happen, I've been going into victim. And then I'm like, see, and it's not gonna work. And, you know, then I'm like, Well, how am I supposed to grow? Like, that's the thing and like, for the first time, I really got no, wait a minute. What are you going to do now? That's literally what kicked in. So I'm like, I'm making lemons, eliminate, eliminate lemons. So what I did was basically, I worked the email list, I put everybody into categories, I started sending specific emails to certain people. I'm like, 33, people are really engaged, like I'm talking about, I did a week of just kind of introductory videos. And like, I have positive feedback. And I've got about 23 that are really tracking with me right now. Today's day one, so yeah, and it's, you know, it's an exploration. But I was like, Yeah, I really can still work with what I have. Which is, for me, the shift out of being a victim. It's like, now what, how can I? And then the other thing, the last thing I'll say is I've really made my virtual events an expression of me. I've been trying to be like you, and I'm not you. And I'm like, oh, no, I just need to bring my energy. My my Viva nice isms. There's this little ways I am yeah. And so I'm just bringing all my niece into it. And I've just had a lot of positive feedback. People from like, never met me. And that's who I want. I want new people. I don't want my old followers. I want new people. So that's I wanted to say thank you. Yeah, that's awesome.

[1170:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I went into Jasper and asked, What are alternative terms for the victim mindset? Because, again, the word victim, like there's a different like, like, there are actual victims of, of, like abuse, like I don't want to, like, i That's why I've really struggled with that word, because I'm like, okay, they're like, what it is, is it's this, it's a powerless frame of mind, a helpless mentality. You we ended up sort of being submissive and our attitude to the situations that happen to us, instead of being powerful, and realizing that we have authority in those situations, that we have power in those situations that were not defeated and beaten down, that we that we haven't lost the battle that, that, in fact, it's just part of the process. And so it's really, it's just reframing in this whole process, like, you're not helpless to the algorithm you're not powerless to, you know, one of the one I even noticed just two minutes ago, my own victim mindset mentality was showing up chat GPT kept giving me an error. So now I started mentally being like I'm now Chad CBT is not working. Now. I can't find what I'm looking for here. No, I can go open up Jasper because Jasper always works. And use that there's always alternatives. There's always ways around what we're doing. We don't need to operate out of this defeatist attitude, this powerlessness, this learned helplessness. The self defeating mentality that we've already been beaten so why should we even try? And that's really how I would define when I say they'd be like the victim mindset, you know what I mean? And so and I think I think that resonates with everybody is you know, I really believe that we're, we're, I'm gonna I'm gonna ask chat GPT what are 20 terms for the opposite of this? Guy growth, mentality, resilience, somebody who is self accountable. Somebody who's self determined, you take ownership over your mentality, you have a can do attitude, you're resourceful, highly resourceful, you take initiative, you're tenacious, you're determined, those are mentalities and ideas that when we start even speaking that over ourselves and taking ownership over that I am resourceful, I am tenacious, I take initiative, I am determined, I am optimistic in my Outlook, that changes everything for you. Okay. I've a asked a question. In the, in the q&a, the recent growth from that Duke saw in his business, what factor contributed the most I haven't worked with him one on one, but I have seen what he's done. What it is, is that he, he, he, he joined the group, and follow the six steps and launched an offer, put it out there ran ads and tested it out and launched it. That's what he did. So he actually put something out there to see how it would come back to them. So that activity of actually launching something to see how it would produce the result. That sets the momentum in order. That's the number one thing that I see that if I could just take a look at, you know, that everybody needs to do that's like, that's the baseline we need to get to, we need to get to where you, you take your offer, and you put it out there to people. And you get people to join you on a zoom call. And then you okay, it didn't work? Because it might not work. What what didn't work? What can I learn from this and then do it again. And sometimes you're not going to have to I told Donna this, you don't need to rewrite all your copy, you can literally just tweak it like five 10% And then re put it back out there maybe because it wasn't ready at the first time you finish it up and put it out there at that time. Okay. So, any other questions? Elizabeth?

[1240:58] Speaker 0: It's not a question. It's a comment. And it's, um, it's probably one of the most powerful things about this group, for me, is the support. Because I have not ever done business coaching, for several reasons. But I don't need to get into that. But I have active people who don't understand what I do, who say don't do Facebook, don't do this, don't do that. And that there's a group of people here who are aspiring to create, in their own way, their creative power and gift in the world who want a wealth that maybe they haven't had yet, is the most important thing to me. Actively surrounded by very few friends left, most of my people have left this world that you know, who don't understand and who. So there's just really, really powerful and I keep that forefront that, that you're all here with me doing the same thing. And I really appreciate that it gives me something to move towards. You don't I mean? Yeah, yeah. And defined by our past, or by the way others, you know, are seeing us we can move towards what we know is true about ourselves. So I really appreciate that this group for that. Well, good. Thank you.

[1265:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, there's a lot of different coaching out there. And if anybody has followed, like, I'll tell you this, Elizabeth, you're like what you said, you will find a business coach that contradicts every other business coach that's out there. None of them agree. Because they have their system of doing stuff. And so like, that used to mess me up a little bit because I'm like, How can I take into account all the ways that people are being taught? And I'm like, no, wait a sec, Jeremiah, you have a system that has worked for you that you know, works for a very specific niche coaches, mentors, authors, speakers, to help people that want to build a brand. Maybe they want to write books that are out there. Maybe they want to buy they want to be interviewed on TV shows, they want to and they want to make a significant amount of income in the courtroom. Lean into half a million dollar minimum range and go to seven figures. And so what I found is if somebody wants to fit into that category, as quickly as possible, is that this is the fastest way to do that. And I've looked at what are the all the other ways that people teach to do it? Well, if you don't run ads, the way that you got to do it is you have to DM everybody. Now that's effective, but it's also time consuming. As well, you end up getting in the weeds of all the all the energy, because to get like one to two sales, sometimes you got to DM like 300 people. So you're literally dealing with the energy of like 300 people in your direct message to try to close one sale, I don't have the time or energy for that, myself. That's why when I had started I did, I did 400 discovery calls. And I closed 20% of them as one on one coaching clients, by the way, about 80% of them are no longer even connected with me anymore, because they were from that season. And they were not very wasn't a healthy coaching relationship. Honestly, I had to go through a lot of therapy for it. Because about 80% of them were angry with me for what I wasn't doing as a coach, essentially, I had not set clear expectations when I had attracted them as clients. And I had essentially sold them this idea that I was going to be doing everything for them. And of course, I didn't fulfill that expectation. So they were angry at me for that. Well, I had done what the very best that I could and realize, okay, I need to set clear expectations for people from the beginning, I don't build your business for you, I don't run your Facebook ads, I don't like do that even if we're one on one. But I can walk you through that during this time together. And so by learning to set clear expectations from the front, and be okay with people not accepting that one of the best things with us, I turned down a 10k contract a year and a half ago. And this was a huge breakthrough for me, the guy was ready to sign a 10 10k contract 10k a month. He's like so let me just ask you this though. Can I get all that money back if this doesn't produce a result?

[1316:18] Speaker 1: And I said, No, I'm so sorry. I can't do that. He's like, Wow, what a crook you are Jeremiah.

[1318:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't believe in yourself enough to put a guarantee. And he just started ripping into me as to what a terrible human I was for not standing behind my work. I told him no, here's the thing is I don't actually I don't, it's not that I don't trust that I can produce results. I don't have trust in you that you won't take advantage of me and steal from me. And he's like this conversation is over and you don't have the phone. And that's what it was is I had to realize that I was not willing to show up at the level that people demanded of me. And they felt that I was a terrible person for not showing up at that level. And I had to realize that that that I get to design my life the way that I want to. And I get to choose who I get to work with, and how I work with people. And I don't need to horror myself out to people that I don't need to give guarantees at the like at that level with people because just because I don't want to plus it's not, it's actually not a good practice to do that. If you study in the coaching business, when you do one on one coaching, it's not healthy to offer a money back guarantee. Because people will take advantage of it. And the type of people that are coming in with one foot out the door before they come in, they're looking for one reason to take advantage of that from you and get their money back. And so those are not the type of human beings that I even want in my space. And so realizing that is why like when I do one on one coaching, there's a contract, this isn't guaranteed. Even if you don't even use any of the sessions with me, you're not going to get the money back. So you have to really decide like, is this good for you and I've made a decision to not manipulate people into becoming clients at that level that are not a good fit for it. So that's another side of it, right? Because I could persuade more people to go into that level I'm really cautious as to not doing so. And that's why we built this level right here that I think is really affordable for people it's getting a lot of value for people and everybody you guys in here love the accelerator which is awesome. So but I had to make a decision for my boundaries and how I was willing to show up and that I didn't just that I wasn't powerless, that people's opinions about what I do and don't do. And that was really powerful. For me. That was a huge breakthrough moment.

[1356:48] Speaker 0: Okay. Elizabeth, you have a few questions and maybe I don't know if this is the time for it or not, but I'm really Curious, I've been, you know, listening to other coaches and things like that. And I did coaching individual coaching many, many years ago. And I'm really wondering what kind of program? Do people when they say they're making 510? You know, 15 grand from one single person? And I mean, this was sincerest sincerity. How are they designing that program to work with somebody so intensely? I don't kind of have a vision of that. Because you know, I come to the model where you're charging by the hour. So I'm really curious about how you what the program looks like that when you're doing individual coaching, and then you said, Excuse me, sorry, I've been sick for about two weeks. You said, there's no money back for individual coaching, then why would there be money back for group coaching? Except maybe after? Even, you know, after the first week or something? Why? Why that because group coaching is also less expensive? You wouldn't?

[1379:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wouldn't do a money back for group coaching beyond like the like a trial period. Okay. Yeah, thank you, um, as far as that as far as the higher level. So what that is, is really taking a look at just your value that you're willing to bring to the table for me, let's, let's put it that. Let me use the example of my mom for this. And then I'll also bring it back to me. My mom, in her businesses and her stocks, is like just in hours worked. Her hourly rate is astronomically above what most people can't even afford to pay. So but there are people that want one on one coaching with her, she doesn't even offer it now. Because it's too expensive for people to pay that. You might say, well, how can you provide that value with people one on one? Well, the thing is, is that if people want to pay that, and I'm charging $2,000 an hour for the coaching, that's what I'm charging for my time for that, because I can make way more than that, and other avenues. And so if somebody wants individual time with me for that, my value is it's not related to the the output that they get. And I've actually had people call me out and say that, that's, that's a terrible way to look at things. But it's just that I know, my value is that I'm unwilling to make less than that much money for my time when I want, I'm unwilling to make less than that in my life. And so, that's so

[1405:14] Speaker 0: great to hear. Because, you know, so many people have said to me, you know, one person in particular, you know, they just have values not related to output, because, you know, the people will say, well look at what the market commands like, you can't do that, because the market, so it's really, really positive for me to hear you talk about, you know, what you're willing to do not what? Yeah,

[1411:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: the market though, here's the thing, the market for coaching and therapy and things like that, there's two ends of it. One is there's a high ticket and the other end is ultra low ticket. And the ultra low ticket are basically struggling to get by, it's just more of a hobby type thing, because they love helping people and they make a few bucks on the side to do that. The other side of it is the people that are commanding 20 to $30,000 for their coaching 50 to 100,000. I know a guy, he charges $300,000 to get three hours with him on his private jet. So it's $100,000 an hour now to some people that I mean, I got a message from somebody saying that my $30,000 for one on one coaching is criminal and I should be locked in prison for it. Because I'm egregious ly what was his word? I am egregious ly over inflating any possible value that I could ever give to anybody in that time. And that I should go to jail for even charging that much.

[1426:34] Speaker 0: That's somebody's opinion.

[1427:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so in that, it's it's that I know how much money I can make in my businesses, I know how much I can make in group coaching. group coaching is where you can make the most amount of money, you're not going to make a lot of money trading dollars for hours in one on one coaching. And so what you do is you figure out how do you bring that same value into a group coaching program? And how do you serve people at that level? And we'll be talking about that later this year as well. Is is how we do that, to be honest, I actually I believe that I can serve people way better in this group coaching setting than I do in one on one coaching. But there are some people who believe the only way that they're going to get to the next level is that they have me one on one to work with them. And so I know that and so if I offer that it's at the level of value that I am willing to To receive for it, not the market going rate, based on that also, the market going rate for high ticket coaching is 15 to $20,000. So we're not looking at it from the sense of like a therapist or things like that as well. Trading dollars for hours, I'm looking at it from the perspective of being a business owner, that the type of lifestyle that I want and the business that I'm creating, and how many hours I'm willing to work and how much money I'm willing to make for those that that many hours. Really, what it boils down to is a belief that people who are millionaires and make millions of dollars by only working five to 10 hours a week, do you think that that's, that's crooked, that they're that they're stealing from others? Is this, this mentality of that it's wrong, to make a lot of money, that it's wrong to command more money for your time given than the going rate in the market. And there is an there's an overwhelming belief in our society that it is that it's very wrong, to make more money than your neighbor, or your brother or your sister or people, and that we should all earn the same amount, and that we should all be on a level playing field that anybody that makes above and beyond that, that they should just give it all away, or that they did so by being unethical, or that the fact that they even make that much money is unethical. You know, like if we look at billionaires, millionaires, judging people as wrong for making that kind of money. So it's really about challenging those beliefs. And where those come from, specifically, is that it is a bad thing to make more money per hour than 99.9% of everybody else on the planet Earth. And, and there's a large majority of our population that does believe that. And so but what I've decided is that, you know, I've spent years really trying to find peace in this and myself, and I've decided that, you know, there's, there's nothing wrong in me making as much money as I physically possibly can, here on planet Earth and helping as many people as possible. And so in doing so, I will have a group of people that say that I'm wrong for doing that. And finding that piece of myself that that that I am willing to do, what 50% of the population believes is criminal.

[1489:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: 50%, about 50% of the population believes that to make two to $5 million a year, working five to 10 hours a week is a criminal activity. And that nobody should be making that much that there's no reason for anybody to ever be making that much. And they should either have it be taken away from them, ripped out of their hands, or made harder for them to make that much money. And so I know the fact that a lot of our society believes that, and I've had to come to grips with the fact that for me to actually fulfill what I believe that my calling is, as I'm going to be counterculture, in that sense to earn as much money as possible. This is stuff that my mom has been challenging with people. And really what it is, is, who are we hanging around? Who are we letting influence our mindset about money? Who are we letting influence how we think about money, and what is what we should do and how much money people should be earning. And I think that that's one of the biggest things as well, when I teach coaches is that people come to me they're like, Well, I just want to impact a lot of people, I don't want to make a lot of money. There's great, there's other like coaching certification programs and stuff that'll teach you how to do that. I'm going to show you how to get really wealthy because that's all that I know how to do. So I'm actually not even operating in how I was made if I don't show you how to do that. Because that's that's all that I know how to do. It's actually very hard for me to show you how to make money selling 27 and $97 and like cheap stuff, I can show you how to make a lot of money, impact a lot of people and radically change your life and the lives of those that are around you. And so that's why again, like I said we're gonna be changing the name of of this program even to the wealthy coach Academy because I really been Leave that, that's gonna set a stake in the ground. So when I was talking about client growth, I always associated that with money, I realized a lot of people don't associate, like you can have a ton of clients and be broke. So I don't want that to happen, I want you to be wealthy, with a ton of clients and impact people. And really, you know, you get to a point where you don't need more clients to make more money. That's why raising your prices is very important. And you'll hit a level as to where your belief level is with your pricing, you'll hit a level as to where how much you believe you're worth and how much you deserve. And that's why your self worth is so important. That's why the how much money you can make is directly related to how much you believe in yourself. When not when I show up. And I if I don't believe that I'm worth people paying $2,000 a year for I'm going to operate timid, kind of have my shoulder turn to people, I'm going to be standoffish, I'm going to come across with energy as somebody that they shouldn't trust. Because I don't believe in myself. And so this is why your self belief directly relates to how much money that you can make in your coaching business, is how much you believe that you're worth and how much you can charge. And it's not related to anything to what the going rate in the market is, is that really, I believe that you should be doubling your rates every six months for new clients. And I like to grandfather old clients, I got a guy who is grandfathered in with one on one coaching with me for 200 an hour. And he just did a call with me last week. And it was it was incredible. And it was a great call. And I said hey, here's the thing, you're grandfathered in at that rate for two more years. If he, I would recommend he buy like six more sessions with me, but the truth is, he's probably not going to, because I had attracted him way back in the past, there's a different type of clientele, he doesn't see the value in it. You know, he told me he was gonna join the accelerator three months ago hasn't. And so but it's like, so not everybody's gonna see your value. Not everybody's gonna agree with what you do. But that's where we got to get solid in our own belief, our own convictions and what we're doing and we don't let what anybody else thinks or says and this isn't to be rude, or mean or anything like that. It's just there's there are people that are out there, they're going to think that the things that you do in your business, especially in this coaching business, there was a there was a documentary on Netflix that called all coaching businesses scams, it's on Netflix, it says that any coaching business is a guaranteed scam equal to a Ponzi scheme, and should be avoided. And so there are people that you're marketing to now that have watched that Netflix special. And so that's what I'm saying is there's a much there's like, you're going to come up against resistance, even from culture in this stuff. That's why I say you know, do your best to deliver results, deliver value help people as best as possible. But at the end of the day, it's your own convictions, your own belief in your own integrity. As as to how you manifest that in your business. That's why, again, I wouldn't want to I don't want to dictate to everybody what you should charge for your coaching. I think you shouldn't charge less than 400 an hour for one on one coaching personally. Less than 400. Because and why do I say that? Because I charged the gambit up to 400. And I found that everybody below 400 was not even worth the time to coach. It was just they weren't ready for coaching anyways. And so I think 400 an hour is the minimum of what you should charge for one on one. And I think you should charge at least 300 for your courses and your group coaching minimum when you're testing and get up to that 1000 to $2,000 level. For sure. All right. Yeah, 350 is pretty good to 350 is not not bad. 350 to 400 is a great range, you'll find Donna EULA, that attracts a really good group of people that's willing to invest about 350 an hour into their time into your time. But I found like 200 An hour 150 An hour like no respect for my time at all. is very interesting. So all right. This has been great. This has been powerful. This is a powerful day here. I spent eight hours mapping out that talk that I was sharing with you. I did it on the treadmill though, which is cool. So I did over the last four days, which is awesome. I use chat GBT to filter in the q&a is and the transcripts and all that and all the posts that have been in the group and that's how I came up with what I talked about. That's that's definitely going to be something that I need to teach you guys how to do as well. that'll be coming up here in the group. Very soon. I'll probably throw some of that into the chat. GPT prompt Academy maybe this week, so. All right, everybody. We'll talk soon. Have a good one, everybody. Happy Monday. Happy Monday. Happy birthday. Thanks. Yep. 35 years old. Awesome. Yeah, happy birthday. Happy birthday young man. Thanks everybody for the great work keep up the great work. Great Call. Great cool shit.

