CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-09-11T19:42:53.000Z
Duration: 142 min
Otter ID: st7HMBKIiUu5HzEHLBmf9dKqSVs
---

[1:17] Speaker 0: All righty. Hello. Hello. Hello. We're gonna go

[3:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: live in the Facebook group here

[5:56] Speaker 0: was on Zoom. All right

[9:24] Speaker 0: Hello, everybody. Hello, hello. Hello, welcome. Monday morning.

[11:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just a quick word those of us who are in the United States today is September 11. So that's one of those hard days to remember. Just wanted to, I guess, honor that if anybody was impacted by that over the years, you know, I don't want to skip over that at all. But I decided, you know, we're not going to we're not going to cancel our training. Because of that. I know some people they shut their office down and things like that, too. So yeah, exactly. Happy Patriots Day, there you go. That's pretty much if you're in the United States, you just I remember, I was, like, 13 years old, and then it happened, it was hard for me it was really hard to see. impacted me a lot. And

[26:13] Speaker 0: so I always do kind of like, today is one of those days, I don't want to skip over it and not not remember it. So that's why I wanted to just say, say a little something beforehand, here.

[29:41] Speaker 1: Um, all right. We did a we did a really great Oh, my goodness, we had probably some of the best feedback of any of the webinars that I've done here this weekend. And it's it's why do I share that with you? Like, why do you care about the feedback I got from my webinar? Well, because I'm applying the same system that I'm teaching you to our webinars. And so I know that I'm lining up like I got the the best conversion from the amount of people to the ads cost. It's all improving month over month over month. And so like what I'm looking for, as I know that there's more that I can improve on and on my offer and optimize, because my cost is getting lower. The registrations are getting better, the quality of people are getting better. And so because of that, I'm going to continue to optimize my offer. I thought about going like turning it into evergreen a month ago, I don't think I'm going to do that quite yet. Just because I'm still continuing to really dial in the results with our numbers, the numbers are getting really good here as far as that goes. And so what I wanted to share with you with y'all today is is our live training day here. This is where where I'm going to be sharing some teaching with you and I have a lot that's on my heart that I wanted to, to address some stuff that I really I spent

[53:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: about three hours this morning about five hours yesterday going over this I really spent a lot of time thinking about what I wanted to share here today.

[56:16] Speaker 0: But before we do that, I just wanted to go over

[57:13] Speaker 1: if you if you haven't yet in the members area, this is where you're going to find any of the courses that we've done. We just finished the Facebook ads basics for newbies course. What's the difference between this and the Facebook ads for for Made Easy course. Well, the Facebook ads Made Easy course was recorded a year ago. And a lot of people gave us feedback that was a little still a little bit too advanced. And so I made another one that's even more simplified. And we've gotten some feedback from people that have gone through Facebook ads newbies that it's it's simplified enough that it was really easy to understand for people that are not super tech savvy to start to get their ads up, which is awesome. sales copy mastery, which has GBT I'm adding one final lesson to this before we move on to our next course I'm going to be adding in using chat GPT to write all your emails as a lesson I'm going to break that down for about an hour on here and then

[73:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll be creating like another a new course as far as that goes to the members area. As always, you can find all the recordings of the trainings and q&a is from our group. Here under the monthly trainings archive we can find the copywriting call like we just did copywriting rewrite call we have our live q&a You can find all of those in the archive by Going under accelerator monthly trainings archive right there. Now what I want to address here today as part of our, our

[82:59] Speaker 0: training day.

[83:34] Speaker 1: And the purpose of these training days is to help you to get better and to improve in your business to get more sales to get more clients, the goal of this program is to help you make more sales in your business. And so what I do is I take a look at a lot of the feedback and the questions that are asked, and I and I asked myself, What does this group need to learn more than anything else? And I think the biggest thing is, is really getting good at

[91:10] Speaker 0: identifying

[92:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: what it is that you're that you're selling, and being willing to

[94:29] Speaker 0: make the hard decisions.

[95:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And let me explain what I mean by those hard decisions. Because we've had to do this with all of our, our clients that I've worked with. And I see that the people who struggle versus those who succeed financially are willing to do this versus those that really kind of push back against what I'm about to tell you that that push back. I understand where it's coming from, I don't want to knock it I don't want to make you feel like oh, that's not normal. Because most of the time, you're going to push back against what I'm going to say here. In today's training. I've never, I've never, and this is one of the number one areas when I was working with my mom, when I was working with when I when I had been working with Georgie and ban off Rick Pino, that took things from okay. We're stuck, we're not making more money to exponential financial growth. And the reason why that happens is

[110:57] Speaker 0: because

[112:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: we can get really comfortable in what we mentor people on what we coach people on what we teach people on the topic that we help with our three steps or our six steps. You know, if some of you saw my webinar this weekend, I don't know if you noticed, I created a whole new framework that's separate from the six steps and I call it the three steps I came up with it on the fly. Why? Because I think it simplifies what people need to learn better. And I want to never get to the place where

[123:00] Speaker 0: what I care

[123:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: about people knowing matters more than their understanding and comprehension.

[125:01] Speaker 0: Okay, let me explain what I mean by that.

[125:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is one of the number one areas that like when I would consult, I was a consultant to to Christian University, I was a consultant to a I guess you'd call it like a house of prayer. They're kind of like a church slash ministry. And a lot of teachers

[131:28] Speaker 0: at this is one of the biggest areas that made the most difference, but I also got the most pushback from and I just, I just share this with you because

[135:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: the natural like this is this goes beyond just the resistance of fear and worry of how things are going to happen. It's almost an identity shift is the biggest thing. And that's what we're going to be talking about today

[138:52] Speaker 0: is

[139:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: the right identity shifts that need to take place when it comes to growing and building a successful mentorship business. What I often find happens is is that as mentors and teachers and coaches, we have a certain way of mentoring people a certain framework.

[145:47] Speaker 0: Oftentimes that framework doesn't translate to leads and sales right off the bat and

[149:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: how it's packaged and presented and there's really two places that this needs to happen. And they're both equally as important as is in your in your free offer that you have. I need to I need to I just texted my wife I need to get new markers. Here. There were struggling markers. Let me see if this one works right here. Your free offer right here. Oh, this one works a lot

[157:03] Speaker 0: better. And then your paid offer right here. Okay. You've seen me draw this diagram. multiple times, you got your free offer, and you've got your paid offer. How you describe that to people

[163:44] Speaker 0: needs to be done in the way that makes the best emotional connection with them

[165:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: to fully trust and believe that you are going to deliver the result

[167:12] Speaker 0: that they dream of. And

[168:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: information by itself, this is why in this program, I mentor course creators, but we don't teach you just how to create courses. Because courses by themselves, especially if you're somebody that has a lot of integrity, honesty, you want to help a lot of people. The reality is most people don't go through courses that they buy, they don't they don't go through the stuff, the information that's presented to them, they want somebody to hold their hand and guide them through the process. That's why mentorship businesses and coaching businesses have unlimited upside financially. And course businesses by themselves without any sort of a coaching aspect to them. Now, by the way, I'm gonna add a caveat to this, you might not coach anybody till they pay you 10 $20,000 You might only sell courses up to that level. But there's something that people are striving for reaching for looking towards, as a goal to get to to be able to work with you as a mentor, to guide them. And that's what people are looking to buy into is is that, but we have to make a connection with people emotionally around what drives them, not what we are teaching them, not what

[196:26] Speaker 0: our framework is our methodology, our, our, our training. And so

[199:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: one of the biggest mistakes that I see a lot of people make is with their free offer and their paid offer is they're leading with this topic of this is what you will learn. And we have a whole society of people that the idea of learning subconsciously is attached to trauma. Because school was traumatic for most people. So that when you go out there to try to sell people on learning something.

[208:01] Speaker 0: Their initial internal

[208:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: trigger is H E double hockey sticks. No, I don't want that. Because that's like the greatest trauma that I experienced in my life throughout childhood and my teenage years, and even college years, and I don't want to learn anything else. I want somebody to show me to guide me to come alongside me to direct me to help walk me through that process. By the way, that's the value that's in this program. Whenever I'm selling this program, that's the value that we're presenting. Sure, we got a lot of great forces. You know, I was mentioning to to Diane and the group this morning, to have the best courses that are going to help if you if you get a lot of people on your webinar, but you're not closing sales, we put together successful webinars and challenges that's in the members area. This will literally break down for you how to create incredible webinars and challenges and successful selling for people who struggle to sell. This one's a bit more of like a like a overall holistic sales in general course, but the to go hand in hand to learn how to be a really great salesperson who can close sales that's important to do. It's important to become effective at closing sales in your own unique, authentic way. The problem though, that I that I see is is that sometimes we have to pivot, how we package these two things, the free and the paid offer. Okay, let me give you an example of how I did this in my business because that's gonna help you understand this way better. My paid offer a year and a half ago, two years ago

[235:44] Speaker 0: was

[236:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I didn't have a client growth accelerator program. I had two courses, social media ads that work. irresistible offers that sell. And I think I had my website building course that I was throwing in as a Bonus, those three courses, okay? They had no support, no accountability. I couldn't get anybody to spend more than 97 bucks on any of them by themselves, even though the value of the courses honestly was over $10,000 each. And so that was my paid offer, create irresistible offers, buy that from me. run Facebook ads that do really well, by the way, if you notice, that's now the topics of a lot of my free offers, create a coaching business run Facebook ads that work really well put an offer together. So what I did was I pivoted my messaging from what my paid offer was, and I turned it into my free offers. But here's the thing initially, when I started doing my free offers, I started with this idea of start your own digital product business, create digital products, create online courses, start your own coaching business. And then I was selling people on I said, Listen, I got these three courses for you. website

[257:48] Speaker 0: building, Facebook ads Made Easy,

[259:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: irresistible offers and a brand new one. Two brand new ones I put together called Easy course Creation Blueprint and transformational coaching made simple. I said these five together are a complete system to start launch and build your successful six figure coaching business and they absolutely work by themselves. Those courses had the blueprint that anybody could follow to make six and seven figures in a mentorship or coaching business. Okay.

[268:11] Speaker 0: And so with that

[270:10] Speaker 0: um

[272:11] Speaker 0: this is a second year. Yeah.

[274:50] Speaker 0: With that I had bundled

[275:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: this together sorry, my Brent, my, my brain went blank, something popped on my screen, I was like, concerned about real quick. Butterfly distraction.

[277:54] Speaker 0: So, my paid offer was,

[279:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: what did I call it? I know some of y'all had bought it from me a while back, I let me log into my Thinkific here and see what I had called it. So I had called it

[281:31] Speaker 0: my

[284:30] Speaker 0: create and

[284:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: grow your profitable coaching and course business bundle, create and then I renamed it to create and launch your profitable online course business. I also tried to variation, create and launch your own online business course bundle. Okay, I'm showing you these here that I have on my back end. These were the initial version of the offer that I had put out there

[291:09] Speaker 0: that I had launched.

[292:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: But this wasn't making us six figures, because it wasn't really aligned with what people wanted. It was aligned with how I thought what people wanted and what my framework was. But the way I was describing it wasn't really connected to the desire that people have. The real desire that people had was to have a system with support and accountability. And I learned this from the feedback that we got from all the q&a that I was doing was a system of support accountability and feedback to come alongside people to put all the pieces together successfully in their mentorship business to get more paid clients as a coach, trainer or mentor. And a big part of it was pivoting away from just people that wanted to do a course business what I found was a lot of times those people they were looking to just record something once and make millions

[308:31] Speaker 0: I've never done that before. Okay.

[309:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've made 10s of millions of dollars with a with the system that we teach you in this program. I've never created one

[311:33] Speaker 0: course

[312:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: that has six lessons and made millions selling a course. Well we did do that with Rick Pino we did make we did make million selling a course around music publishing, but we ended up pivoting that towards a coaching program. And that was able to make a lot more than that. And that was built on an already existing email list that already had a lot of people. So that was a big reason why they had made millions initially because we had I've built the foundation for three, four years of growing his email list to that level. So you got to look at, if you're starting with no email list, brand new out there, how do we actually describe to people and present what our free and our paid offers are? So what I started doing is was in my business, as I pivoted my free offers

[326:19] Speaker 0: the direction of

[328:30] Speaker 0: how I explain

[328:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: it, how I describe it, and I tested out different hooks, different ideas for these, okay, all roads lead to

[331:34] Speaker 0: the client growth accelerator. So this didn't change, because this became proven. I figured out what people wanted to buy.

[334:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: This program right here is is I haven't changed what this program is that I'm selling to people for the last year. But what I've optimized is what this free offering is. Dialing this one in,

[338:25] Speaker 0: testing out Okay, starting your let me just let me just pull these up here for you. Let's see them so I'd have to write them all out. Let's go into courses here and let's share this. Now, by the way, what I'm selling hadn't changed. But the words

[343:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: the words that are actually written right here, start a highly profitable online group mentorship with AI, build and launch your profitable group mentorship mentorship. Get mentorship clients with AI and Facebook ads. Grow your online mentorship to six figures using AI. Get more mentorship clients using paid advertising. monetize your email list to six figures. Get more coaching clients with paid advertising and AI. Start your six figure group coaching business. Grow your six figure group coaching business with paid advertising start a six figure group coaching business from scratch, launch and scale your six figure group coaching offered growing your six figure coaching email list. These were the free offers that we put out there. Build your six figure client getting marketing funnel develop your signature group coaching program from scratch, get dream coaching clients with paid advertising growing your email list Step by Step. Grow your coaching business with Zoom events. Launch your six figure offer plan and create your say this is just as January planning create your online course or coaching program The Easy Way start and grow your coaching business. Grow your coaching business with paid ads.

[362:14] Speaker 0: growing your email list launching your six figure coaching offer. Get more clients with paid advertising.

[364:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Grow your coaching business from zero to six figures. Let's write your six figure video advertising script. Starting your own six figure coaching business finding your niche.

[367:37] Speaker 0: Build your own six

[367:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: figure coaching business. Start your own six figure coaching business finding your niche.

[369:02] Speaker 0: Okay,

[370:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: so what like why am I showing you that because what I ended up doing was pivoting just slightly to you it might sound like all of those are essentially the same thing. They're not there's a slight nuance in the words that I used that I pivoted from last September to now that has dialed in attracting better people into our ecosystem, better people onto our webinars. And people taking more action because we're figuring out what people actually want, what their pain points are, what they're struggling is changing the word from coaching business to mentorship business, changes completely the group of people that we that we bring in. And so sometimes what I noticed is that mentors and coaches get so caught up in well, this is my framework. This is what I teach.

[384:18] Speaker 0: This is what I this is what I offer. I

[385:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: there was a guy I met he was like Jeremiah, I teach I teach healing,

[386:21] Speaker 0: biblical healing. And that's all I teach. And, and I tried to explain to him Well, okay, so related to biblical healing, what are 10 related topics that Christians that want to go through a healing experience?

[393:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: What do they care about? That's related to that you could lead them to that. And, and unfortunately, the person I was working with was very resistant to that. And he's like, No, biblical healing. That's what we do. I don't do anything else. And that struggled to attract people because of being so

[399:09] Speaker 0: attached to do doing it the right way. Doing it the

[400:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: way that it's always been done the way that it's always been envisioned the way that it's always been imagined. You know, I had this conversation with with with Georgie and Banawe, he was a lot more receptive to it. He said, You know, I teach about joy, but people don't want to work by joy. I said, Yeah, but you know what they do? They want to learn how to become a leader in their community.

[407:34] Speaker 0: And I said,

[408:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: How can you package your system, what you mentor people on in a way that is marketable and tangible that people can say that they can essentially hold this idea in their hands and look at, this is what I desire, this is what I want. And I'm willing to make an investment to walk that path with Rick Pitino.

[415:38] Speaker 0: This idea of prophetic worship. We couldn't.

[416:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: We couldn't get anybody to purchase it. And yet it was like the calling of all callings that Rick felt that he had on him to teach to people. We had to survey our audience. They wanted to learn songwriting, and how to win a Grammy Award, and how to become a top songwriter that went so far against what Rick felt comfortable even teaching people.

[424:31] Speaker 0: Because he felt that it violated his own beliefs about God. Literally.

[427:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: He, him and I remember sitting down having this conversation. It's like Jeremiah, the idea of teaching people how to win a Grammy award with worship music goes against everything that God's called me to.

[430:08] Speaker 0: I said, Yeah, but here's the thing. They are. That's what your people want to learn.

[432:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so you can either be angry that that's what they want and be soap I told Rick, this, I said, you can be so prideful. That will you got the right way to do things, and they're all wrong. Or you could meet them where they're at with language that they use, it's going to connect with them, even if it goes 110% against everything that you believe, to make a connection with people that you that will actually be willing to buy into what you're offering. And as soon as he pivoted in that direction, that that turned everything into a million dollar a month offer. Because it was using the language that his audience really wanted and resonated with, even if it was very different from what his actual offer was, it was the hook that brought people in. And so when we can identify what is the hook that people want, not our framework, not our system as mentors and coaches, we can get very caught up in our framework and our system, and how we teach things, I am guilty of it myself

[450:49] Speaker 0: 110%

[451:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: i This is why I tell you, month after month, I'm optimizing my offer because I'm I'm getting unstuck from my own thinking about my own framework, and how to actually find the right people in my business as well. This is one of the biggest areas as to why there's so many great mentors and trainers out there and, and my mission and my vision and my passion I was I was sitting in church yesterday. And I just started bawling, crying because the pastor had mentioned something about his journey. And immediately like I felt, I felt the Spirit of God in the room. And God was like, You know what you've done with Rick Pino. It was Sandy Creek kowski. And with Danny Johnson, you're gonna find 1000 more people like that and you're gonna help them impact millions of lives. And that's my mission is i And what's funny is immediately the thought in my mind was Jeremiah that's so arrogant of you to ever think that you're that good enough to ever help people that much. And I was like, go away with that. Because you know, I'm I'm done with worrying about am I being perceived as arrogant anymore? I am. I was so afraid for so long of everybody perceiving me as arrogant or like I got it all figured out. That I've held back from even sharing what I know helps people because I don't want people to think negative things about me. At the end of the day if people are going to think that about me that's not my my job to control, manage or maintain. And so I like I truly believe that I have a calling My life to help mentors and trainers reach millions of people with their message. And I don't care if I get the credit for it at all.

[483:00] Speaker 0: I don't, I don't need the credit for that. But I feel like I would literally be walking away from part of my purpose in life if I didn't do that.

[486:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I think one of the things that we need to look at as as well as mentors and coaches, is we need to think bigger than just how can I get the next sale? How can I get more people to buy my course? How can I get more leads on my list? What do we feel called to do? Is there a big enough vision that we have that we can fit all of our clients and customers into? For me, I feel like my vision that I have to help 1000 People impact millions of lives. I've talked about this vision before I mentioned, I've been saying it for four years, that I have a vision to create 1000 millionaire mentors and coaches. If you're making a million dollars, as a mentor, or coach, you are impacting a lot of people's lives. And so if I can help 1000 people through this program, become millionaire, millionaire mentors, and coaches. And I'm not going to stop until that that becomes a reality. I'm just not. Because I know that it's possible. And I know that if you follow this process that I'm teaching you if you follow what's in the courses,

[506:11] Speaker 0: and you don't get caught up in analysis, paralysis and addiction to learning to where you get so focused on learning the next thing

[510:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you're not taking action, one thing that we have to realize about learning learning comes by doing not by academic consumption. Academic consumption is about 20% of learning. We don't actually learn anything that we academically take in until we implement it and do it and take action and start to follow through. Oh, and by the way, that might look like what Diane posted this last week, she got 27 people on our webinar.

[519:31] Speaker 0: Nobody bought from her. That's hard. That's how businesses though, there's hard things.

[522:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we got to look at okay, how can we present our offer in a way that touches people that connects that builds trust with people, not just what is my framework that I'm delivering to people, not just what is this message that I have that I want to give people but rather, how can I make a connection with these people and show them that we can deliver on the dreams that they have. And so what that looks like that is pivoting, how you explain your paid offer in your webinar and in your training. So for me, even though I've had one offer the client growth accelerator right here, I've, I've adjusted how I explain it and how I sell it

[534:52] Speaker 0: every month,

[535:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: just a little bit more, that's increased our sales just a little bit more, I've dialed in explaining it to people verbally on my webinar on my training, getting better at explaining the paid offer to people.

[539:16] Speaker 0: And so what we what we do is you have your

[540:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: framework, you have your system, you have your methodology, you got your three steps, you got your your six steps, you got your training on, on how to walk people through this process,

[543:52] Speaker 0: whatever that is that you've developed, I mean this with all due respect.

[545:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: In the process of closing sales, that doesn't matter. Because they're not even going to see that until they they buy from you. Does that make sense? So like your framework and your process and your six steps or your three steps or whatever that is, it matters to the point of delivering results to your clients. But But what I'm talking about right here is how are you going to deliver results to clients unless you're actually getting clients in your business. If you don't have people buying from you, who are you going to deliver results for. And so as mentors and trainers and coaches, we can get so caught up in the weeds of what our framework what our methodology is how we deliver the results to the clients, and then that gets really muddled up into our sales and marketing process. And we have to compartmentalize those two things. We have to put aside how While we deliver the results to our clients, from how we actually sell and present it, if you go through my webinars, you're going to notice, there's a different cadence of how I talk about things than I do once people are in the program here. Okay? So what you want to do is you want to frame

[565:50] Speaker 0: your offer in a way that best connects with those deep desires that the person has

[569:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: something that's enticing enough for them to take action with you. Something that when they see it out there, it stands out above and beyond anything else that they've seen from somebody else. And you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, I'm just getting started. My coaching programs, not that good. I'm not that good.

[577:31] Speaker 0: Put that aside, over here. Okay, you can improve that. Over time. When my mom pivoted

[580:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: to her stocks community, she didn't know anything about the stock market three months, three years ago. She got better at it. Over time, she improved, she's a better coach, it stocks today that she was a year ago, this program is improving over time. But what we have to do is when we sell the people, we have to really understand get to know, be curious about what are their desires? What did they want more than anything else, and making that be our pursuit, discovering what they want in their own words. And what you might, what you might find is the most painful sacrifice that you'll have to make in your business.

[596:26] Speaker 0: The painful sacrifices This

[597:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: is that what people actually want, and what they're saying they want is right here.

[598:22] Speaker 0: But your framework, and how you've been selling it is over here. And there's a disconnect between these two,

[601:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: what the what the target client actually wants and what you're selling them

[602:41] Speaker 0: are disconnected.

[603:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you might say, well, but I've worked so hard on this framework, I've worked so hard on this methodology, I've worked so hard on explaining this to people. And that's where we need to pivot. How we describe and explain what we do. And our framework in a way that actually connects with and is aligned with what these people are saying that they want. Because what ends up happening is you end up finding common ground with them over here, they end up resonating with what you're selling. And so it becomes more than just hey, I'm somebody who has see this is this is what this is what beginners and amateurs start doing is they'll create a webinar, they'll create a presentation, they'll get some leads on it. And one of two things happens. Either they get a bunch of leads, and nobody shows up for the webinar. So that's where okay, we need to dial in what the actual topic of the webinar is. If you're getting a bunch of people on the webinar itself, and nobody's buying from you, that means that there's a disconnect between what they actually desire and what was presented in the webinar itself. And that's where we need to actually pivot the direction of the offer just a little bit towards what those people actually want. And figure out in their own words, you create mechanisms, where they will tell you in their own words, where the people 2550 100 People will tell you in their own words,

[629:06] Speaker 0: what they want.

[630:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: So for me, like you can either send a follow up email to people, you can get them to tell you what they want, you can survey your email list to get you to tell them what they want to tell you what they want. You can have them in a Facebook group, you can put get them on a on a bonus q&a call, where they get to tell you what they want. And then you want to take those exact words and develop your offer around the actual words that people are saying that they want. But you also want to learn to read between the lines of what they're not saying. And that's where chat GPT can come in and become really, really valuable is where you can have I've charged up to analyze the transcripts, analyze the conversation, analyze that. And you can really start to look at what's beneath the surface of what people want. And I just added a brand new prompt to our chat GPT document right here.

[645:16] Speaker 0: Where is it? It's right.

[646:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's right here planning for coaching session analyzed transcript. So it's four questions that you can have chat GBT analyze any transcript, and pull out the questions that are asked the topics that are discussed, the main problems and frustrations that people are dealing with. And I really liked this one, asking the chat, GBT, what are some of the underneath the surface issues they might be dealing with? That they're too embarrassed to tell about? Please take a get so telling GPT to basically make an educated guess. This is an interesting area, which at GPT. If you don't tell GPT to take an educated guess it will only go based off of what it believes facts are. So oftentimes, when brainstorming, you might notice it's only repeating the information that you're feeding into it. If you can tell chat JpT Hey, can you brainstorm or make an educated guess, on what you think might be going on underneath the surface, it will actually start to reveal some things, from the transcripts from the questions that people ask that go deeper, that then you can discover and start to put into your sales copy into your offers.

[667:07] Speaker 0: And so what we want to look at is we want to pivot

[668:48] Speaker 2: nicely to things.

[669:33] Speaker 0: There's really two,

[669:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: two moments in time. Two moments of, of extreme energy, as I like to call it.

[672:23] Speaker 2: Where

[673:36] Speaker 0: people experience this emotionally charged response, the first moment in time is when they find your Facebook ad. They click it. And then they register.

[679:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's a very emotionally charged moment for your prospect. When they find your ad or post, they click on your landing page. And then they register and give you the name and email address at that moment where they register.

[684:27] Speaker 0: A light bulb goes off in their head and they say, Okay, this is going to deliver the results that I'm looking for.

[686:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Actually, there's three moments in time, not just to the second moment in

[687:46] Speaker 0: time. Because this doesn't happen

[688:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: for everybody, I could have 200 people register for a webinar, and only 50 of them show up live. Of those 50 who show up there's an emotionally charged moment of excitement when they actually show up to listen to you. Okay, so we're selling people. At these three moments. We're selling them to actually register with us. We're selling them to actually show up to listen to us. And then the final moment and this is where honestly, um, you know, when I was working with Rick Pino, he was like the he was the worst at this. I say that like lovingly because he's actually really good at it now. My mom was the worst at this when she got started. Some of y'all like find that hard to believe she was not very good at delivering presentations, live on video, she could do it on audio, but when the camera pulled up, when you put a camera in front of her, she like, would crumble. I wasn't very good at doing this even a couple of years ago, and so realize that your first webinar, your first webinars, you might not be very good at your first challenge you might not be very good at. That's okay. That's part of the process. How did Rick How did my mom How did I get better at doing webinars and challenges? By analyzing okay, what can I improve upon, and then doing more of them and getting better at them over time getting better at delivering those presentations. So the last emotionally charged moment that people have

[715:28] Speaker 0: is when you actually give the call to action on your webinar. And if they're not, it's really related to feeling right here. There's a common misconception that

[718:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: people make decisions to purchase and buy on logic at all human beings believe, subconsciously, that they buy based on logic. The truth of that is, and we have to really like, you have to really start to believe this truth, or you'll struggle to sell and you'll struggle to do presentations, human beings only ever make purchases on emotion, including you and I, even if we believe that we made our buying decision on logic,

[728:36] Speaker 0: I need you to challenge that belief.

[729:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: The reason why we want to challenge is oftentimes it makes it, we might feel embarrassed, it might make us feel dumb to admit, we might feel like we're making ourselves vulnerable to manipulation, at that point to even admit that we would buy something on emotion, not logic. All human beings purchase on emotion, not logic, and realizing that the emotionally charged moment that you're creating an environment of in your webinar. So what this is, this is your this is your ad, this is your landing page. This is this is your landing page, right? They register, they feel a sense of emotion, to give you their name, and email address and excitement, the emotion becomes greater, when they actually click on to the Zoom call or onto the live training to actually watch and consume it. less than 20% of people who register are actually going to show up

[746:45] Speaker 0: most of the time. And then from that

[748:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: all that sales is and I go over this in the successful selling for people who struggle to sell. And the successful webinars and challenges course

[752:06] Speaker 0: is you're creating an environment you're setting the stage, think about setting like a candlelight dinner.

[755:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or think about if you're selling your house, you know, they mentioned bake cookies before somebody goes in the house. Some people might not like cookies. So nowadays that doesn't, doesn't always work. But creating an atmosphere an environment, can you imagine walking inside of a of a beautiful house. And it's just trashed everywhere, beautiful on the outside, trashed on the inside. That's not setting an environment to sell that house. So what you're doing is once somebody is on your presentation, you're setting an environment to lead them to you're influencing their thoughts and emotions to reach one logical conclusion to purchase your offer with you. And that becomes an emotionally charged moment where the person says, I need this, this is the answer to everything that I've been looking for. They pull out their credit card, and they buy it from you. And at that moment in time. And by the way,

[771:34] Speaker 0: there's nothing sleazy about that at all. Because the

[773:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: person actually feels very excited at that moment. They feel very, like happy. Like, they probably haven't felt that excited in a long time, about the prospect of what is going to happen on the other side of purchasing from you. That's the emotional feeling that you want people to feel that excitement of everything I've been hoping praying and dreaming for is going to come to pass by doing this. Now, if you internally have self doubt, and you're saying, well, Jeremiah, I'm just not good enough to be able to deliver on people's hopes and dreams. That's an area to grow in yourself personally, to realize a it's not about you.

[783:37] Speaker 0: And B

[784:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can always grow in skill set to deliver better results to people. Like I said, this program has gotten better than it was last year. Now I have even more confident selling this program that I did last year. As a result of that. I know that I know that. I know that when people come into the client growth accelerator, that we have the best training, the best

[790:29] Speaker 0: tools, the best support,

[791:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: to help mentors and coaches create the kind of income that they want to make, to impact the lives that they want to make. And that's not just a sales pitch. Now, when I say that in my sales pitch, I have so much conviction in my voice. So much belief because I know that if people just try it out for 30 days, they're gonna see that it's so much different in here than any other program they've been a part of.

[798:28] Speaker 0: And if people don't recognize that that's not my concern. earned

[800:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: responsibility. They probably just weren't a good fit anyways for the program

[801:11] Speaker 0: at that point.

[802:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because we've developed it, we designed it that way. Was it that way? In the beginning, when I launched it a year ago? No, it wasn't, I had some doubts. I had my own self doubts about this program a year ago. I knew it needed to improve, I knew there were places that needed to improve. But I still went out there with the same conviction that I do today, when selling, to create those moments of opportunity, those emotionally charged moments of this is going to deliver on your results.

[810:24] Speaker 0: And I can't wait to help you get the results that you're looking for. Oftentimes,

[812:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: we can get so caught up in our system, and how we deliver those results to people and by the way, improve your systems. Absolutely make them better optimize them, I'm constantly looking at ways that we can optimize this program to make it better to deliver better results.

[817:10] Speaker 0: But don't get so caught up in the weeds of your framework.

[818:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Learn more about your target client, the person, by the way, who is not already a purchasing client of yours. The person that I really want to get to know about is who is not already a purchasing client of mine. And what do they have in common with those that have already purchased from me? And how can I move them from here to where they haven't bought from me to over here to where they become a paid client. So what I'm doing is, is I'm optimizing my sales pitch, my presentation, how I show up how I present myself the words that I say, the language in my emails in my often. And that's why the cost starts going down, and the profit margins start going up.

[833:56] Speaker 0: So what we what we have to realize is a it's not just that like

[835:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I launched one webinar, and now it's going to make the millions have everything that can happen. But realize that it might take a few iterations of getting better at delivering your webinar of getting better at selling your offer at getting growing in the skill set of sales, and presentation, and how you communicate that offer with people that makes that connection for things to start to click to start to bring in that profit. One of the biggest things that I see that people do is they launched an offer, it didn't work. And so then they stopped running ads for nine to 12 months, because they're trying to learn everything and figure everything out. And they're trying to make sure that they don't make the mistake again, I call it hot stove syndrome. Right, you ran an ad campaign and lost 400 bucks. That's like touching a hot stove, your brain is wired to tell you don't do that, again. What separates successful business owners from those that are not successful

[854:37] Speaker 0: is that they can skin

[855:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: their knee, they can touch a hot stove, they can experience loss, a campaign not working out, and it doesn't change their conviction or the direction of the decisions that they make. We saw this happen with Rick Pino, one of his campaigns had lost over $40,000. The very next month, he ended up doubling down and made half a million dollars in sales. He didn't sit around and lick his wounds for nine months and figure out and optimize how can I make sure that never happens again? Did it sting? Of course it did. But that's an area of growth to grow in and I get it listen, especially if you've been somebody who's experienced trauma.

[866:18] Speaker 0: You might have a

[867:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: habit framework to where if things don't work out and you get hurt. Now it takes you nine to 12 months to recover. I get that I was that way to a couple years ago. But what I would encourage you to do is to figure out how to shrink and how to shorten the amount of time that it takes to recover from things that aren't going your way and to realize that the only way to really move forward and to progress is to continue to not put everything on pause, pull back,

[875:42] Speaker 0: shut everything down. Give up again, you may have to do that. I

[877:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: get it. Okay, I'm not going to say I know some of you you got to do that.

[879:48] Speaker 0: But get to the point where

[880:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can start to shrink the amount of time that it takes to recover to be resilient.

[881:14] Speaker 0: Resilience in your campaigns, when a campaign maybe doesn't go your way, when a tough conversation doesn't go your way?

[884:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have tough conversations with people? How often are you pushing the envelope in your personal life of what you can and can't do? Or what you feel you need permission for, or don't need permission for? By the way, I found that that ended up impacting a lot of my business, I found my wife and I, we had some conflict in our communication that we had gotten married in 2017. We, we didn't know what I mean, most people get married, don't know what they're doing, right. And I was constantly asking for permission for everything that I wanted to do. No, no wife wants her husband acting like a little two year old asking for permission about everything in their marriage, my wife certainly didn't, maybe you maybe you want that in your marriage, I don't know your marriage, it'd be different. My wife certainly did not. She wanted me to be more assertive, to step up to be a leader in our home. And, and I very much was uncomfortable doing that. And I found that that same level of behavior was how I was acting, in my consulting business, in my business. And so sometimes what we want to do that can help us become more resilient, that can help us become more bold, more powerful, stronger communicators better communicators in our sales pitch and our business is look at how you're communicating with everybody else outside of your business. Take a look at how you're having conversations with your friends, with your family, with your spouse,

[908:21] Speaker 0: with your coworkers, with

[909:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: customer. I know some of you some of y'all that are here, you have customer service roles, where you're actually having customer service interactions with customers, for other companies, on a daily basis, take a look at how you have those interactions. And that will actually start to come into how you communicate. In your business. When you're doing your sales presentations, you might have to look at you know, what I found was, I was constantly sacrificing myself for everybody's approval in my life. And in my business, I was constantly laying down all of my desires, as if I was meaningless in the world, this was

[921:02] Speaker 0: me. Two, three years ago. This is what I was trained to do my whole life.

[923:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was constantly laying down my desires as if I was meaningless as if what I wanted mattered nothing at all. And that the only thing that mattered is what other people wanted from me, and how they could use me and how I could best serve people. That came from from from a nice place that came from a seemingly honorable heart. But it was sacrificing how I was showing up in business. And I wasn't showing up as a powerful leader. And I wasn't showing up confident. And I was so concerned about people approving of me and liking me and resonating with me that I was missing, actually making connections with people. I was missing, how to make those deeper connections, how to have the tough conversations. And for me, what I had to do is I had to start to have tougher conversations with my wife, with my family. Some of y'all know my mom and I, we didn't talk very much for a couple of years. We I revived that relationship by having tough conversations with my mom, with my wife's parents and family. Everybody in my life I started actually putting my I put myself in the driver's seat of my life and learned how to communicate powerfully in all of my interactions, not just in business, and it permeated down into my business and how I was able to show up and deliver my sales pitch. And so this is the last thing I'm gonna leave you with,

[948:42] Speaker 0: is start to

[949:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: take a look at the life that you want to live the life that you want to create,

[951:00] Speaker 0: start to envision inside of you the life that you

[953:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: are designing and developing and imagine and take a look at what are the areas that are stopping you stalling you and preventing you from living that dream life that you want. And by the way, this starts with personal responsibility, not what other people are doing. These are areas that we can all grow in. These are areas that we can all develop up personally inside of ourselves to look at how can I become a better communicator? How can I in my in the way that I talk and communicate with people become more powerful, become more assertive, become more a person who asks for what I want, and set up just trying to make everybody happy. When you learn to do that this might, again, especially because you haven't walked the journey that I've gone through if y'all knew what I know, and the journey that I've gone through, and what I've seen, you would understand that this is so important to your ability to close sales in your business. I know some of you right now, this is this is just going over your head, but that's okay.

[971:15] Speaker 0: I'm learning to

[972:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: be a an effective communicator with other people comes across in your sales copy, it comes across in how you deliver your presentation, it comes across in your emails. And so that's one of the number one areas and I believe that when we can learn how to connect with people better, and we can learn how to have those tough conversations, we can become better leaders, better coaches better at our marketing better in our sales. And our whole business will start to come together as a result of that. So that's what I wanted to share with you here today. Is that sometimes how we've always done things even, you might say, Well, I have, I've always been known as the nice person in life. I was always identified as the nice guy to everybody. Because I wasn't risky. I didn't take risks. I was always safe. I wasn't dangerous, I wasn't going to get into conflict with people. I wasn't going to have those tough conversations.

[989:29] Speaker 0: And that's not something that we

[989:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to be known for. That's not something that we want to be known as. There's a there's a couple of great books that I recommend. I'll leave you with this. One of them is called not nice by Dr. Aziz Gaza, Pora. Stop people pleasing, staying silent, feeling guilty and start speaking up saying no asking boldly and unapologetically, being yourself. This book right here was revolutionary for me, changed everything.

[997:55] Speaker 0: And another great book is everyone communicates few Connect. by John Maxwell. I've read this book three or four times.

[1001:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's about what the most effective leaders do and how they connect with people. It's not about power or popularity, but about making people around you feel heard, comfortable and understood. And I'm telling you, that's what you want to happen in your sales pitch. You want people to feel heard. Even when it's a monologue, you want people to feel heard, comfortable and understood. Finding common ground, keeping your communication simple, capturing people's interests, that's the key. Creating an experience that everybody enjoys, you want your webinars to be an experience people enjoy. If it's not, they're not going to buy what you're offering at the end. And above all, staying authentic in your relationships, I think authenticity more than trying to be somebody we're not, and really finding what's beneath the layer of how we've always been. Because oftentimes, our most authentic self is not how we've been showing up to the world. Oftentimes, we have created a version of ourselves that we think is what other people want.

[1019:31] Speaker 0: And this is might be

[1019:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: where it creates a little bit of a conflict. You might say, well, Jeremiah, you said, we need to sell people on what they want and communicate what they want. That's in the words that we say. But showing up you need to show up for yourself first, before you can show up for other people. And I think that that's a very important distinction in that is that what's going to make you better at sales is not trying to make everybody happy. And please everybody. It starts first with how do you believe in yourself? How do you see yourself? And how are you willing to show up for yourself and we talked about this a lot last year about self compassion. I haven't talked about it a lot recently. But not being so hard on yourself is one of the biggest keys that I found in business that's going to help us grow that will help you be able to make more money in your business. Not being so concerned with what everybody thinks about us. Not everybody's gonna approve of you not everybody's going to accept you not everybody's gonna like you and they're not supposed to. When you start to put all this together, you'll become irresistible to the few that you can create offers to that will create a profitable business for yourself. Okay, I'm gonna take some questions here. I see a couple of hands raised right here.

[1040:38] Speaker 0: verniece symphonies,

[1041:17] Speaker 3: Hey, man, this whole conversation powerful. So one thing that you said that totally is like a confirmation for me is, so I find myself in the faith based world right now. And I've had this sense, like, people don't really want life coaching, they want Bible studies. And I've been resistant, like, I do live coaching, I am not going to be teaching the Bible like that. And I even, and I had this hunch, like, if you'd make this shift, but don't tell them they're gonna get life coaching, the give them life coaching in the Bible study, it's going to work, I did it with my last virtual event, I had five people sign up.

[1053:15] Speaker 0: They go, that's

[1053:37] Speaker 3: gonna make them life coaching. But it's,

[1054:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's, that's how you framed it around what they wanted. It's how

[1055:05] Speaker 3: I framed it, it was just so awesome. And then the other thing I did that I tried, which you actually kind of cautioned about doing it, but I'm like, I'm going to try it anyways. Because that's my nature is I have a reoccurring group life coaching group, but for this month, I said, I'm going to invite you to do this Bible study with my group, and you're gonna pay more, so I charge them more than my life coaching group, and people signed up. So it's kind of like I'm, I'm what I've one thing I've learned from you in the past year is I'm willing to experiment and I call it color outside of my own lines. And I'm willing to just try things just out of curiosity to see what I always want to hear what you have to say. But I'm like, Well, what if I try it out? It may not work, I tried the whole three payment thing. It didn't work. I tried. I'm like, Okay, I'm not doing that. And you actually cautioned about it, but I was willing to try it out to see how it went, right? I'm back to just charging for me a subscription. So that's the first thing. So I'm

[1072:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: charging a subscription is a great way to build a business. Um, the reason I tell people is it's really just a decision you got to make is how quickly do you want the cash flow? Yeah, I love the subscription model for a business because it's, it's more cost effective than just like a three pay or a paid in full type goes, you

[1077:50] Speaker 0: can you can,

[1078:26] Speaker 3: what I was gonna say is this. So I have like two groups now. So I have my high end group, which is like $116 a month, which is mentorship. And then I have this life coaching group, which is like cheap, but I don't even Oh, my God, I'm so excited about this, I kind of made it up. I don't do weekly coaching in that group, I only do it twice a month. And then I do these I created I wrote an e book. And this is totally from you, I got this idea when you were like, hey, what if you like took your virtual event, and then you coached for the month from that virtual event. So what I do is I write an ebook for 21 days, and I have a topic, and I coach from that ebook, and I do these little daily CAPRICON daily capsules. It's a five minute video. Awesome. I posted in my group, and it's aligned with the Bible Devotional for that day. And people love it. So I'm absolutely doing like less work in some ways. And my contents all there. So it's something I just took one thing you said that little idea, and then I made it my own. So now I have two streams of income from my, my higher end, and then my lower end, which I'm charging $27 A month as a start, but I'm going to increase the price, because I wanted to see like will people pay, you know, and so that's kind of where I'm at. And I'm like Only Live Twice. That's the SEC, the first thing I want to say, here's the last thing I want to say. I literally distinguish this belief that is going to open the whole world up to me. I have had a belief that no one's gonna buy anything from me. Hmm. And I distinguished say shows heavy with my husband. It's

[1108:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: because we believe that we're going to show up with that energy. It's all there and come across and how we communicate. Yes, and the thing is like I

[1110:48] Speaker 3: have testimonials I have people that are like telling me it's making such a difference. But for myself, the theme I'm always dealing with this been so in the background for me is they're not going to buy, they're not going to buy so I just wanted to and I've been doing this for a long time. That's

[1115:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: very that's very interesting. Yeah. Denise Denise has followed my mom and I and she's been in the personal development space for almost as long as I have 20 years right? Yes, yeah. And so but like so think about that, like she's sharing these breakthroughs even hear it In this program, I do have a question for you. Because what would you say to some people that maybe they're getting discouraged because their webinar didn't make a sale when they put it out there or nobody showed up to their webinar?

[1123:16] Speaker 0: Oh, keep doing it. Yeah.

[1124:05] Speaker 3: Don't wait. Don't wait a month. Just keep doing it. Like, I broke my finger. And like, I recommend, I had literally cut everything back by hours. I still did a webinar. I didn't do it as fancy. I just was like, I have to do this simple. Yeah, I just scale it down. Super, super simple. But keep doing it. Because like, I think I'm going on my 10th virtual event now. And now everything I'm dialing everything in. And it's so much easier, but and I'm learning from all the feedback loops. Yeah. Observing. There's

[1132:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: something that says that I have identified some people see, like doing an event once a month as like, oh my gosh, that's so much work. I don't think I could show up once a month and talk to people. And I get that. And I understand that sentiment, but like, how did you get to the place where like, you didn't see it as this monumentous thing to do? Because I don't, I used to be that way too. Like, oh, my gosh, it's so much work to do. And now I see it as just like, it's so easy for me to just kind of show up for an hour and a half. Talk on Zoom. And and I make it more fun versus it's this arduous thing.

[1143:22] Speaker 3: For me, it was the different parts of getting things set up, because I'm not real technical. So at first it occurred, like I have no idea what I'm doing. I'm trying to lose all these Jeremiah trainings and trying to do everything he's saying. And it's overwhelming. But after my fourth one, my fourth fourth event, I was like, oh, wait a minute. It's only because I kept doing the repetition. And it wasn't as hard because I was doing it over and over again. So that the biggest thing for me was just keep doing it. And because I realized I'm learning a skill. writing emails is a skill I'm learning. I'm learning how to be knows all these little things in sales. I mean, even going and doing the sales copy for the offer. That's a sales

[1155:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: copy. It's a skill set that you get better at over time. Yeah, I never done

[1156:30] Speaker 3: any of those things. So it's like, so first, the first three, awesome, it was completely overwhelming. Now I'm enjoying it. But here's why it's because I actually have, like, I'm more comfortable because I've been doing it longer. Yeah, I'm so afraid. And now, I don't even I mean, honestly, I don't even do the lives and I tell people, I'm gonna post a video, it's gonna be a 5am watch it when you can. It's a broadcast, it's not and people should want to my stuff. I'm not even live anymore. And I get engagement and the and I've totally made it my own. But I started with your framework. And then I kind of the nice eyes did and I put my awesome into it. So I would just say keep doing it and keep reaching out to the community for questions or support, because it really does work. And ultimately, I'm kind of playing with two products, a higher end, and then a lower end that and I talked about my mentorship and I've had three people already say, Well, what about the mentorship? Because I tell them, it's more detail about how to study the Bible. It's very involved. So but those people are ready for that. So, you know, I'm basically building my funnel. And I've, you know, I've been doing this for many years, and I've never done that. And I've been doing it for the for the past year. And I've let go of having to get it all like, I have to do everything now. And I'm just now enjoying myself. That's awesome. It's like I've never enjoyed myself.

[1182:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did you have did you have like a question that you wanted to go over? Or ask here today

[1183:40] Speaker 3: at all? No, that's I wanted to share that from your training.

[1184:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Oh, no worries. That's awesome. Um, I'm glad and I hope that encourages people that are in here.

[1186:13] Speaker 0: Because listen, six months ago, you you or even a year ago, I think you were in feeling a little bit overwhelmed and like

[1189:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: some disappointment and like things weren't going and you're just like I'm spending the money on the ads and it's not working and so

[1190:57] Speaker 3: I want money. My business is growing consistently. My my last ad spend was $1.27 per lead.

[1193:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nice. Yeah. I dial it in. Happens. Yep.

[1194:26] Speaker 0: It's awesome. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Um, let me see. I saw

[1196:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cheryl, you had your hand up and then you took it down.

[1196:48] Speaker 0: Did you have a question? Okay. Shonda, what's up, Shonda?

[1198:49] Shonda Whitworth: Hey, hey, Jeremiah. This is so good. This training today I got so many things, but that would take up too much time. Just like Denise's energy is fabulous, so thank you bunnies for

[1202:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, bunnies. Amazing

[1203:12] Shonda Whitworth: that. Anyway, I, I have a question. But first, I want to tell you thank you for the training. I am one of those that I am, like you mentioned in this training that I show up for the lives but I don't take advantage of what's you have with all your courses. So I am one of those people. But this weekend, I had to shift with that mentality. Because Saturday morning, I spent three hours working on a Facebook ad after I re did my offer page, like you suggested on Thursday at the offer copy rewrite. And I did that. So then I worked on three hours Saturday morning on my Facebook ads. And I just felt like shutting down. And I practically I did I went and took a nap. Well, then I woke up from my nap and I don't Facebook and I saw somebody posted a question. I want to thank that person for posting that question about which Facebook ad training was the best one? And I might there's training, why are they going through the training? So I get up my husband's like, what are you going to do? It's like, four o'clock in the afternoon. I said, No, I've got to get an ad up. I'm going to sit at my desk till I get an angle. So I went through the training, I played the part and then I did a play the part that I did. I played a part and I did it. That's how I got an ad up. Now I'm working on optimizing. So I see the next lesson is on optimization. I just turned off the ad this morning that was at 20 $20.64. A lead left the one that was $7.48 created another one I'm waiting pay attention

[1228:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: to what's the difference between those two ads to

[1229:28] Speaker 0: the

[1229:59] Shonda Whitworth: one was the long and one was the short. They go. Yeah. And so I left the long, I turned off the short. Now I've created another one that short with a different image this time. So I'm trying. I'm trying that one now. So I'm learning to appreciate the experimentation. Yeah, and not getting all. That's our $20. I was like, I'm not getting the the I've only gotten five over the weekend. Well, this was Saturday. So since Saturday

[1238:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: wasn't you just if you launch it on the weekend, the weekend, ads cost is always way more expensive than the weekdays.

[1240:27] Shonda Whitworth: Well, they approved it a lot faster than I anticipated. And it was like you said in the training for newbies that they are approving them much more quickly. And that is because when I was the last time I run ads was in July, it was still even with copying and duplicating it was still taking 24 to 48 hours. So even since July, the speed at which they're approving them in other

[1248:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: approvingly most of them like within a couple hours now, which is cool. Really quickly.

[1249:13] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, that's what it was, it was less than a few hours. Now my question today based on this training, and based on where I'm moving next

[1251:11] Speaker 0: is like you explain you

[1252:11] Shonda Whitworth: draw people in with what they want, not what they need. And so like what you drew me in how you drew a lot of people in with the CGA is to make six figures for the coaching business. And so I don't remember how you sold, how you made your offer, or how you value your value what your offer, because if you had told me that, like you've said in one of these recent trains that there's two priorities, one sales and marketing the other serving your customer, well, I get the serving your customer? Well, the sales and marketing is where I throw up a lot of resistance. And that's where a lot of my clients who are authors have a lot of resistances in sales and marketing. Like I just want to write the book, put it out there in itself. A lot of us just want to make the course put it out there and sell we don't I don't know I can't speak for others. But where I have the resistance is in sales and marketing. So how did you this offer frame that offer? Because without sales and marketing, we're not going to succeed? And how did you frame that offer? We were invited in how what is a good way to frame we've done a

[1271:38] Speaker 0: few a few parts of that. So number one, as you yourself grow.

[1273:37] Speaker 1: And you embrace sales and marketing, you'll be able to help your people do the same thing. Especially since you're with authors, because the breakthroughs that you're getting around sales and marketing, you'll be able to pass on to them. So that's a huge, huge thing. That's why like I look at the breakthroughs that I have in my own personal life of my own imposter syndrome, my own feeling that comes across and what I what I deliver to people now when I sold this program.

[1280:40] Speaker 0: The initial hook

[1280:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: is about making six figures and creating a business. But what I actually sell people on is the fact that I'm there supporting you. And I'm not just giving you a bunch of information that I'm actually going to be here to help guide you through the whole process. So that's actually the number one reason why people buy client growth accelerator is because of the interaction and the support, not just the information. If I just sold the information, I don't think we would have more than 10 people in here.

[1288:41] Speaker 0: Okay, like, that's the big selling

[1289:20] Shonda Whitworth: point. Okay.

[1289:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So that so the the selling point really is, and I figured that out, because everybody the feedback I was getting was, hey, I need support, I need somebody to show me how to do this. I need somebody to walk me through this process. So what I did was, I don't just take one layer deep of what people tell me they want, what their questions are, I go as deep as I can with people and really figure out what do they really want. Because really, what I found was that people don't just want to know how to make money online.

[1298:13] Speaker 0: If they did. They would.

[1300:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: People don't like people don't actually want to know how to make money online, they don't. And so because of that, like, I can't just sell that to people. Because 99% of time, people are super skeptical of any offer that actually claims to do that.

[1304:21] Speaker 0: You have to figure out what's deeper is why people

[1306:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: make their buying decision. And you want to you want to get those people to tell you that in their own words, Shonda, you're actually one of the people that helped me do that.

[1308:34] Speaker 0: Because

[1309:19] Speaker 1: I remember this day five, I remember clearly Shaunda, day five VIP q&a In November, or December, you were on there? Was it in September, I don't remember whatever, whatever month it was. And you said this, Jeremiah, this looks great. But what sets your program apart different from other people's coaching, that we can get value from you versus staying with other coaches that are out there? And that question that you asked me

[1316:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: is exactly what I was able to help me develop a better sales pitch to people to be able to answer that question. Because I realized that that's the question that everybody has. And that's actually the question that everybody has with every mentor, is why should I work with you, versus going and buying a book, waiting, finding somebody else, continuing my life, how I've always lived it. These are all different decisions that people have to make, or the decision to I'm going to spend $2,000, with you become a client of yours and commit to your system. That's a decision that we are, we want to influence people to get to. And it very rarely comes from saying you need to do this. People don't like to be told you need to do XYZ. And so I that was something I had to learn as a leader is me telling people, Hey, you need to do this in your business. I was like, the first four years of me posting on social media was me telling people you need to do this in your business. And and the response I would get from 90% of the people was Yeah, right. You don't know me? Who do you think you are to even think, you know, what I need is what most people's response was, they were offended by the fact that I thought that I knew what could help them. A lot of people are actually very offended by the idea that people that we think that we know what other people need to solve their problems. So it's, especially in our culture today, that's very offensive to most people to for a stranger to show up and say, I know how to fix your problem. And so because of that, we have to, we have to get them to make that decision themselves. This person knows how to get me to where I want to go and solve my problems. And that happens, by the way that we make our presentation, they make that decision themselves instead of us having to say it. And then once you actually make your call to action, you get to say it, and that's where I say, I promise you this is the best program that's out there. We're gonna be able to help support you guide you walk you through everything that you need to get the results that you want. And I show up and I say that with confidence at that point. I don't say it at any other time before that. I'm just looking to build that trust and that belief, to where the person has that epiphany moment that's I call It's a bottled up moment of energy. And a moment of time where the person is like, this is what I need. This is what I've been hoping for. This is what I've been praying for because every single potential client has their own hopes, prayers and dreams. We have to think of that human beings, all human beings, even if they say they don't have vision, they do have hopes and dreams and sometimes it looks good. always, like I know, some people, they just have a hope and a dream to be able to, to live one more year.

[1362:15] Speaker 0: My was my mom. years ago, she just wanted to live one more year

[1363:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: when she was on opiates, and on bed rest, and I remember that she was just hoping to live one more year for her sons. That was her dream. And she had to expand her dreams and her vision to where it is today.

[1367:36] Speaker 0: And

[1370:14] Speaker 0: I definitely think I helped her do that a little bit. But I just I'm just thinking

[1372:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: about this, our prospects and our clients, they all have dreams and visions, even if they claim they don't win, we can learn to identify what those are. And then we help the prospect believe that we are the vehicle to get them there by working with us. And if you're somebody with integrity and honesty, that's not a lie, either. It's very true, that you can deliver on that. So that's that's the thing, not only do we get them to believe that we can get them to their dreams, if we're somebody that can also deliver on that.

[1383:17] Speaker 0: Helping somebody believe that

[1384:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: is like the most important part of the process. And then that's where the trust is built. And then that's where they become a paid client. And when when we can learn how to remove the risk as much as possible. That's why I have a 30 day initial trial period with the client growth accelerator. Remove as much risk as possible right there. Even when I do that people don't sign up.

[1391:22] Speaker 0: Most of those who do sign up.

[1392:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Never take me up on the 30 day either because they love the program. They're like this is amazing. So I think that's awesome. I wish more people would try the program out then do and that's why I'm looking at like, okay, how can I optimize my sales pitch to help in their mind because that's what it is, is we're we're influencing the thoughts of the person who's on our presentation of okay, the risk that I'm taking by joining this mentor

[1399:09] Speaker 0: is mitigated.

[1400:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's more risky for me not to work with that person. So the idea that you want to get people to your authors Shaunda is it's more risky for me to go out there and publish a book on my own than it would be to work with Shonda. And at that moment in time is when the right people are willing to make whatever investment you ask them to 2000 5000 10,000 to solve that problem for them. Okay, well, he's speaking

[1407:10] Shonda Whitworth: about the numbers there. That segues right into my next question is how do you? Do you have a formula? Do you have one of the courses in there on how to set evaluations on your offers? And,

[1411:37] Speaker 2: you know, like that,

[1412:35] Shonda Whitworth: like, how do you determine the value of a product? Or service?

[1413:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, what you're talking about right here is it's so funny, I've been like I've been I've been praying about what like our next courses are. I don't have one specifically that goes into that. But I have a podcast that goes on like, pricing. Okay. And so the podcasts will kind of answer that one specific nuance. But I'm starting to see the need to I need to make a course that specifically about creating not just your lead generation offer, but you're like, how do you create that paid program and make that irresistible as well. So that's coming soon as one of the next courses that we create.

[1424:22] Speaker 0: All right. But I do have I do have a podcast episode. That is because of the question you just asked me. I've been asked that. Four or five times plus in

[1428:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: the last two weeks, so am I okay, there's, there's there's a need there in our group for me to really address that even more, you know. But there's the podcast episode. It's episode number 226. I recorded it in July. Okay, mastering the art of pricing and your mentorship business.

[1433:04] Speaker 0: So,

[1433:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a short podcast, it's 17 minutes long.

[1435:00] Speaker 0: But that'll really that'll really help you as far as that goes.

[1435:50] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, well, good. Because, because, like, I just get I guess it just baffles me. How do you come up? This is worth this much, but you're giving it I'm selling it for this much and how do you determine those numbers? and that kind of thing. And where did those numbers go

[1441:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: certain price breaks where people psychologically buy and don't. And there's like,

[1442:48] Speaker 0: like, we could get 500 people to sign up at,

[1444:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: at $2,000. And then once you go to like 3000, that number would drop to like 20. And so there's certain psychological price breaks where to where people just, they need more buy in before they spend that much. And that and it's really pricing has more to do with your own boundaries, and qualifying people, and it has anything to do with anything else. But there's a few price breaks that I tell people to kind of pick your price in between. So like I say, like your main program between 500 to 2500.

[1452:51] Speaker 0: And then for like,

[1453:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I call a low cost entry level offer is anything under 97 bucks. Now, you won't make a profit on anything under 97 bucks. But it's a great way to qualify people. That's why like, I'll have my $27, VIP, my $7, VIP, anything under $97 really is, is really just a an extension of your sales and marketing more than anything else. All right. So to qualify people at that level, but then you want to sell them something that's between 500 to 2500.

[1460:55] Shonda Whitworth: All right. So that's another question I have is why do you set your VIPs at seven and 27, or 17, and 27, whatever they are, I mean, I was just a Funnel Hacking and it was $99. For VIP another one last month on funnel hack was $47 for a VIP. And and so a lot

[1465:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: of times when people have a $97 VIP, they're probably selling a 10 to $20,000 program.

[1467:42] Shonda Whitworth: So I've seen, yeah, this one because the 5000 Yeah,

[1468:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: six because it costs to sell somebody at $100. VIP is going to cost $1,000 And Facebook ads. So to get somebody to pay a $7, VIP cost about $100 and Facebook ads to get somebody at a $27 VIP is about $300. So that's where I'm looking at, like what I charge for my program. And and I look at the more you're going to charge, the more expensive you make your VIP, because you're qualifying people out of it, the more expensive that entry level offer is, and the more it'll cost you in adspend. Like, if you're only spending 500 on ads, a $97 VIP, you might not even get one VIP at that. But a $7 VIP with a $500 ad spend, you could probably get 20 to 30 of

[1481:37] Speaker 0: those people. Okay? All right, that's

[1482:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: where like volume, you can literally it's like a it's almost like a slider, the more money you charge, the less people actually are going to cross that threshold. And then there's certain threshold points where it's like, it's not even worth it to charge in between that for me that those threshold points are anywhere, anything between 97 and $500 is kind of a waste of time, right? Because I would just go straight up to 500 bucks at that point, or charge less than 97. Because once you go to 297, the same way, I actually tested this with my own offer, I did three months in a row, I charged 197 297 and 497. The same amount of people bought at each of those price points. Once it was 97. And last that number went up exponentially. But now my profit margins are a lot lower. So

[1496:49] Speaker 0: again, that podcast episode that I pointed you to

[1497:59] Shonda Whitworth: definitely be looking at the half the

[1498:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: numbers, I'll tell you half the numbers would come up with people just kind of make up on the fly and make up on their own. They just come up with.

[1500:00] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, that's what I've been doing. Because I didn't know what else to do. Yeah.

[1500:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: But what it is, is like, I'll tell you, I'll tell you like if you're getting nobody buying that at a certain price point. You may try next time during the 50% off of that price. And see how that goes. I had somebody they're like, Okay, I ran a campaign $97 VIP, nobody became a VIPs Okay, make that $27 Okay, nobody became

[1507:09] Speaker 0: a VIP at that point.

[1508:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then make it $7. So it's because part of it is like if you got no people to interact with, how are you going to we can't just like fabricate information when it doesn't exist. And so a like AI is somewhat good at doing that. As you can tell, like I care more about human touch, and what people are actually saying and then using the AI to brainstorm, than actually relying on the AI to tell us information. Because it's really important to like, connect with people and have them tell you what they're wanting and their own words. And what you'll find To the people who don't make an investment versus those that maybe invest even as little as $7, their questions are completely different. I found that to be the case, as the questions from people that are on my free webinar versus those that spend seven bucks, completely different group of people. The ones who didn't invest seven bucks, they're all most of their questions are 50% of them are all fear based. I'm terrified, I'm afraid, I don't think anybody's gonna like me, what value do I have? Almost none of those people grab my VIP upgrade. The ones who grabbed the VIP upgrade are like, Okay, I tried this before I struggled. But I struggled to get results, how can I make sure to not struggle to get results in the future, the ones who are like, not even making a $7 investment, they're at the point of like, I'm scared to even try the first time. So there's an important distinction of like, I'm starting to really pivot away from all of my language from people that are just operating out of pure fear and worry and, and and, and so that's where like, some of my messaging was a lot more in alignment with like trauma informed coaching. And I'm, I'm moving away from that

[1541:21] Speaker 0: a lot. Because I think that

[1542:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've just the people that are becoming clients of mine, they're not necessarily dealing with, like, total fear and terror, as much as some of the people that I might be attracting to my free offers. So how can I pivot away from that to where people like, if they're that terrified, they're probably not even going to be a good fit to listen to my webinar at that point?

[1549:02] Shonda Whitworth: So I think I think I heard you say, maybe it was Saturday. I don't remember when you said it. But you said based on like, You weren't answering any questions for the people that were watching free in the Facebook group or on YouTube, you weren't answering those questions in the chat, but you will answer questions in the VIP. And then And then so each level of that you pay for access to each level with you, is what you were basically saying,

[1555:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: and really paying attention to like what those people are asking, and then starting to pivot the offer in the direction of what the VIPs are saying. Okay, that was a that was a big that was a big unlock to for me, and for the same with Rick Pitino.

[1560:39] Shonda Whitworth: So I think that's something that I've because I get email questions I get. The people are not paid or in a Facebook group or whatever. And I respond to everybody. And I thought that's what I'm supposed to do. But then yeah,

[1564:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: they might. And that would be where I would maybe start to pivot away from answering all of those emails that you get. I'm saying, Hey, this is an automated message, you can go leave this on a comment here or join us for one of our live events to ask a question at that point. So now you're not giving free coaching away at that point. And the people who are showing up are more willing to take the next step with you.

[1570:22] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, and it's another boundary area. All right,

[1571:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: it is a lot of this has to do with boundaries more than anything else.

[1572:18] Speaker 0: Okay, definitely. So

[1572:40] Shonda Whitworth: I just keep identifying more boundary areas. And just as more I set boundaries, the more areas ever because we're

[1574:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: because we're taught that to have these boundaries means we're not being nice to people.

[1576:22] Speaker 0: Like I, you know, it's like, first off,

[1577:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where putting on a hat of like if I if I'm a multimillion dollar CEO, and I have important decisions to make, and I want to spend time with my family and not be completely sucked in and ran by my business to where I don't have time to actually live and enjoy my life. Because that's what ends up happening when we end up trying to answer everybody. And we don't have boundaries, we end up getting frustrated and burnt out because we hit our complete limit level of capacity as a human being. Right. Alright, so your value increases, the more you pull back away from that, when I pulled back away from answering all people's questions for free. I got a few people who wrote me long nasty emails about how they just felt that I had misled them months ago by saying I was gonna give them free coaching and all that and I'm just like, Listen, I I made a decision to no longer give this for free. And so I had to become okay with those people being disappointed and, and even bad mouthing me. One guy went on to just completely obliterate my character at that point, but he felt but I know that it was the best decision for me and my business.

[1596:45] Shonda Whitworth: So, okay, well, that's good. I appreciate that. Thank you very

[1597:35] Speaker 0: much. All right. What's up Adele? How are you?

[1598:55] Wennie: Hi, Jeremiah. I'm good. Thanks. Just in the corner I on the hockey run will do taskings taking the daughter to hockey, but this is such a good session. It's resonating. So lots of funky. But the main question I have is, so it's, it's good to know, in advance to be resilient. And be prepared for that when, you know, we don't get the field or whatever. So in any of your courses, have you covered? What exact steps should we do to pivot or tweak the offer? If we don't get feel? Like part of it know what exactly to tweak? Do we tweak? Obviously, we need to tweak the copy. But like, how do we know what direction to go in next?

[1610:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I do have a, I do have a podcast that I just recorded this week, in the friendly follow up course that I did. There is a lesson in that one, let me pull this up, there's a few. They're not there's not a course on how to pivot your offer. Though, the one that I just mentioned, though, to Shonda that I'm gonna be creating, I'll probably be adding this into that. But I have taught it as individual lessons inside of some of some courses that we have. So in the friendly follow up course.

[1619:43] Speaker 0: I do go into that

[1620:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: about nurturing subscribers the fun way. And in here, it's pivoting right here and pivoting your offer to increase revenue five to 10x. That's less than five. And then I was also lesson three. What do you do if there's a sharp decline in new sales from a previously profitable audience? So lesson three,

[1626:55] Speaker 0: and five of the friendly follow up course.

[1628:34] Wennie: Yeah. I have not hooked up to that course you want to get the basic funnel, but I will go WhatsApp one. Thank you so much.

[1631:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know you're not maybe not there in your funnel yet. But because you're asking these questions, you'll get a lot of answers that might give you some confidence by going through this course right here. If that's if that's for any of you that are in here that maybe you're like, Well, what do I do at that point? This course is really one of my favorites that I created. Because it really goes into like, how do you create nurturing content? What's the best follow up email marketing strategy, I really go into email marketing follow up strategy on this course as well. And how do you adjust your offer if it's not making you the kind of money that you want to make? I go into that a lot in this as well. So I

[1642:38] Wennie: want to cover those steps. So you know, the way you said like brick Pino, you lost 40k. And then the next month, a billion?

[1646:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yo, yeah, that's exactly what I'm covering in these lessons. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. We found we found even with my mom, so we had ran an offer. She'd done a stock's bootcamp,

[1649:14] Speaker 0: like a year and a half ago. And we evaluated

[1650:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: got a lot of sales, but a lot of the people off of the off of the webinar, they quit her program after one month. So she's like, Okay, I don't, she's like, we got a lot of one month errs. But a lot of them that came through that webinar quit after the first month. So she ended up pivoting her messaging, and the sales pitch, to make sure that she was getting people that were going to stay longer

[1657:25] Speaker 0: based on how she sold them. And the pivot was

[1659:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: initially she was like, you know, you don't need a lot of income, you can get started, even if you only have $100, to invest in start making and start trading and investing, which is true. But all but a lot of those people were not willing to stay with it for the long haul. So she pivoted her messaging to say, you can get started if you have just $1,000 to start to invest. So just by changing to say like, you don't need any money or like no money. She did it to like you need very little at least 1000 though, and she kind of made that like a barrier of entry with her offer. And those people stayed a lot longer with her program at that point. There's by pivoting that messaging with Rick Pino. We found going from prophetic worship to songwriters. But then we adjusted

[1672:53] Speaker 0: to people who

[1673:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: are songwriters that had struggled to get traction with their music. So that's not all all songwriters, and they were specifically worship songwriters, not all Christian songwriters. So that pivot in the direction of struggling to gain traction in a specific genre of music. That pivot made everything exponentially start to work. together, whereas it was kind of like, crumbs up to that point.

[1681:27] Wennie: So, okay, so it's kind of just experimentation. whatever data you have,

[1683:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's experimentation. It's it's moving. Like, here's another example. I'm I'm less, I really was like, the last year or two, a lot of my content has shared a lot of messaging with therapists, and mental health. And just because of healing my own trauma, a lot of like trauma informed language. But I realized that the people that actually join my program and stay in the program, they're there. They're past that point. So I'm moving away from using certain like, non triggering soft language and being more direct, less in the trauma informed Lane than I was 12 months ago. And I found that that has actually helped us close more sales and lower our costs of our ads at that point. So is there a whole group of people that I could help that I'm quote unquote, neglecting because of that? Could be argued that but they weren't buying from me, either. They were also that, you know, they weren't, there wasn't working out. Trying to serve this group of people, that really wasn't a good fit to the ultimate vision that I'm creating. So it's moving the target a little bit, my target move just a little bit. And it contains more people that are a good fit for us. So it's like kind of finding where that target is. It's important. Right? Dorothy?

[1714:21] Speaker 2: So, Dorothy,

[1714:58] Speaker 0: are you here in Texas? Oops, I can't hear you. Can't hear you.

[1717:43] Speaker 5: Hey, yeah, yeah, I traveled over yesterday. Awesome. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's my first time to come to America. So I'm just Barton Springs at the moment. Yeah, so I'm gonna go for a swim and have a relaxed today before the training tomorrow. So yeah,

[1723:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome. Be cool. Be aware of I don't know what the allergy level is in Barton Springs.

[1725:07] Speaker 5: Okay. Okay. So just make sure don't drink. Yeah, they'll

[1726:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: have, they'll have probably some kind of a like warning when you get there. Just if there's anything you need to be aware of. Because they test they test that water all the time, just to make sure if they had an issue with algae, they might have probably gotten it cleared up, though.

[1729:32] Speaker 5: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Yeah. So

[1730:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: my 110 here the last month. Yeah,

[1731:37] Speaker 5: it's been really hot in the UK. So luckily, I was already in that sort of vein that we were having a mini heatwave. We'd had like a rain for a month. And then we suddenly had this heatwave at the end of August, beginning September. So it was kind of like, oh, but the heat is drier here, though. So it's actually easier. It's much more muggy and sort of humid in the UK.

[1738:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. I think it's pretty muggy and humid here. But yeah. Compared to Arizona in the desert, that's, but that's deceiving in the desert, because it can be so hot, and then you don't recognize it. My wife and I were talking about that. 110 Arizona, you'll be outside all day long. 110. In Texas, not so much.

[1743:22] Speaker 5: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No, it was just had to some water. You know, if I'm in this sort of heat, I try and get to the water at some point in the day. Yeah. Yeah. So we hope. Yeah, well, I'm at this point where I need to consolidate everything. So that it's a really clear system. Because what I'm finding is I'm talking to students, some students I've had for a long time, are the students that are completely new. And some of the students I've been teaching for a long time haven't come through these free courses. So I'm then introducing them to that idea, which is new. And then you know, so I feel like I just need to get a really clear system. So with the website, how I consolidate it, how I'm bringing people into the funnel, when it's appropriate for students to redo a free course, because for example, I've got one student at the moment, Helen, she's really really into she's been doing it for about a month doing the morning membership, you know, and but she loved this free course I was doing but I was just about to get her into a paid thing. But then she wanted to do this three day free one as well. So, you know, I kind of feel like I still want to allow her to do the free stuff, but not at the cost of her signing up for a paid thing that she's just about sign up for. But I know that that's where

[1767:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where for me, I totally get that. That's a great question. By the way, I love this person. Let me answer that before you before you send out your question to let me answer this. Yeah. So when your free stuff becomes really well crafted, that that at the end of it, once they go through it, the only decision that they need to make is to join your your paid program. And it really like lead them to that place is that's where for me, I have people they've joined my free training, maybe for even six months to a year. But then I know eventually they're going to jump into my paid program, because they're only getting so far with the free content. And they're not getting the full thing until they jump into the paid program. That's where I've developed that over time. That's one of the number one questions I get asked people a lot is how do I know how much to give away for free? How much is too much to give away, I try to give away all the information for free to people. But then the actual implementation and actually working with me to implement it. That's what our program is for. And so so that's where giving the information to people and maybe some like self study resources and your free content, and things like that. But that saying, Listen, if you want to work with me through this and actually get the guidance, and also part of it is how do we explain this, you need to help people see the risk of not working with you. Clearly, you need to help them understand the potential consequences of not being a client to yours, I realized that in the last month, I was like, you know, people can wait six to 12 months to become a member of my accelerator, but they're just going to be in the same place that they are today, six to 12 months from now. And oftentimes, I just I've read, I've seen some people that go through my free training, they'll try to apply it, they'll do it themselves. And they're so like, they're missing a few key elements that they needed, that more deeper interaction that my program delivers. And so I realized I need to help people see that, like, if you just try to take what I taught in my free training, and go about it on your own. Most people struggle to do it on their own. And that most people need to have the help from a mentor to guide them in a walk with them. And so that's one thing that like as part of the selling process and selling is to help people see, Okay, listen, if you decide to go this path, without me, this is what that looks like. And you want to paint that in a way that's not necessarily the best case scenario for them. And especially as you start to work with people, like I can, I didn't say that so much before. But I started to notice, okay, 510 20 people, 30 people, they went through a free training with me, they tried to do it on their own. It's not that the free training was bad. It's just they needed it, they needed that next level to really start to start to implement it to get the result. And then I started to look at okay, was there something I can bring into the free training to help them get a result. But what I need to do is I need to really get bold about the fact that joining me in my paid program is the ticket to get to those results that they're looking for. I did that last month I had a lady write me and she was so upset. She was like Jeremiah, like, like you got you. You just gave me no value for free and required me to pay you and I'm just not going to do that you should be ashamed of yourself. This lady wrote me and said that. But I also had like dozens of people saying, Wow, this free content was some of the best free content I've ever gotten. It's enough to get me started on the right foot. So you're not going to please everybody with this. But you'll find the more you do it you'll find that nuance of what to deliver in the paid program, what to deliver in the free and and Alex Hermoza is the one that kind of said that, sell the implementation, sell the actual like, next steps where you're going to come with them and put it together and your free part gives them the information so give them the information for free. But then actually say hey, listen, if you want to make this a lifestyle, the best way to do that is by having the account inability of a mentor and coach, a lot of people, and this is the truth. You know this to be the truth, a lot of people have met to creating this as a lifestyle, but without a mentor to guide them. They're no better than they were six months from now by not having somebody there with them. And so that's where you being able to actually get them to buy into Oh, yeah, you're right. You know what, I don't want to be like those people that six months from now, I don't want to be in the same place. I am right now. Once I make that decision, that's where you know, like, they're ready to buy in. And they just might have some questions at that point.

[1849:10] Speaker 5: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, cuz I do feel that I've got to really decipher the difference between what I'm giving for free and then, you know, the different levels of the training. So the the second question just quickly is about how to set up my website, because currently, I've got my Wix website, which is my old website, which I need to really totally revamp, because that's based on yoga classes in halls. And then I've got my opt in offer, which at the moment is over on Squarespace. And then I've got Thinkific, where we're starting to bring all the content that I've been recording over the last couple of months on to think if ik, and get it organized into courses, and then the membership area and stuff. And then on that one, I've got my two different offers on the Thinkific. I've got the I've got the actual course offer on there. But I was finding that these Squarespace offers the best templates. But the question here really is, how do I set it all up on my website? Because me and my administrator, we were looking at your website, we were looking at your mom's website, we were looking at how you actually set it up for people who might be coming in for the first time. And looking at the homepage, and how you actually lead people in, you know, whether to put like, what do we put on the homepage? Do we put the free course? Or do we put the paid course? And where do we put everything on the website? Obviously, I want to centralize everything. And is it better to centralize it all on the Squarespace and then use Thinkific for all the videos storage?

[1876:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Where's your best way to do it? Yeah, yeah. And I go over that in the funnel building made easy for Squarespace course. Right? All those different aspects of setting up that because what I say now is make your homepage just link to the different offers that you have. keep it really simple nowadays, you don't need your website to be super elaborate.

[1882:44] Speaker 1: And your your offers are really kind of where you're sending people some of the stuff on my my mom's website, nobody even clicks on it anymore. And that was a site that she built like a couple of years ago, we're probably revamping it and removing half of what's on there and just sending people to stocks group, and just to maybe a free webinar. And just those two things are what they what they find. Yeah.

[1888:10] Speaker 5: Yeah. So on the homepage, you'd actually have the free offer and the paid offer both on the homepage, would you?

[1890:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would if you have the offer at that point, because people will click on that. Very few people actually are going to come in, though by visiting your website.

[1893:00] Speaker 5: I said, Yeah, it's gonna be coming in via the Facebook ads. The free offer or the email list? Yeah,

[1894:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that's where the Facebook ad the retargeting AD, the organic Facebook content, or your email lists are kind of like the main ways where people actually gonna find the offers from you. Very rare, more to people just find it because it's on your website somewhere out there. Because if people are like, lost, and they're like, Well, what's his latest offer? I just have my latest offers on the homepage of my website. If people are finding me through different pieces of content, yeah. But I know in the numbers, we don't get a lot of clicks off of those anyways. So

[1903:46] Speaker 5: yeah, so it's basically focusing on the Facebook ads as the way in.

[1905:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's how you're gonna get new people is through through advertising.

[1906:00] Speaker 5: Yeah, yeah. And I think the next stage with the with the email list is, I'd like to do a survey really to see you know, just where they're at and what they would like to see. So I think

[1909:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's questions to survey that 100%.

[1910:36] Speaker 5: Yeah. Okay, great. Yeah. Brilliant. Thanks.

[1911:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. All right. Let's see, we got Cheryl. And then we have Elizabeth and then those are gonna be the last two questions we have because we're at the top of the hour here.

[1914:25] Speaker 0: What's up, Cheryl?

[1914:49] Speaker 6: Hey, there. Hey, I wanted um, before I ask a question, I'm wondering just something you were talking about, like what to give away or how much I heard this one time. It really made sense. It said, share the what and the why and sell them the how. Right. I mean, you're going to show him some of the how, in the what and the why but right So yeah, I just saw you love that thing. I actually haven't conducted that. But I do want to address I want to say thank you to Shonda for posting in here and saying how she did the on the freebie Facebook training because today I went on your Facebook, you know, I went into your programs and I was reading up on the Facebook ads and how to get it all set up. It wasn't in the in the newbie one it was in the other one, I think I was so drained, just trying to do the pixels for that. And I think I just didn't know, is it the right pixel? Is it the other pixel? And then I get in there and they said, This was said, so when I was in the event manager, and the overview Party said it asked to create a pixel to send to your website. I said, okay, it but then it said, give it a name. And I'm like, Huh, what do I name it? And then it kind of sits up about the middle pixel. I'm like, what pixel? Like, that was so confusing to me. I finally just went, Oh, the heck Look, I'm just gonna get on this training. I got on my Instagram, and I started looking for ad managers. I literally reached out to Joe and like, Can we get a zoom call because I need to hire someone to do this for me. Because honestly, I like oh, this is you know, a lie and screw it up. But I did talk to an ad manager a couple months back. And she was so expensive. She wanted $1,500 to do to do it with me. It was like over $2,000 to do it. For me.

[1943:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's pretty, that's pretty reasonable. Actually, as far as the price goes for doing that. That's why most people need to learn to do it on their own, because it's so expensive to do it. And most of the people you hire aren't even that good at that price.

[1946:56] Speaker 6: Yeah, cuz I did hire one a couple years back, and I paid our public close to $2,000. And I got one person who actually signed up for my course. And it wasn't even true that it was true. found me on YouTube, randomly found me on YouTube, and the girl was hearing impaired. And

[1951:57] Speaker 1: did you connect with Jonathan? Who's in our group? No. Okay, she's, she's in the Philippines, but I just tagged you, she she's able to do a lot of the like, the the technical setup with the ads and stuff.

[1955:35] Speaker 6: Okay, because I actually didn't go on the Philippines, link that you gave me, there was

[1957:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna be one of the best places to go to find somebody at a good price for Facebook ads, because otherwise you they're gonna charge you a minimum, like you said to 3000. And even then you're gonna be struggling, whereas you might, you might still spend a few 100 with somebody in the Philippines, but you'll be about as far ahead as, and honestly, mostly people are charging 3000 They're hiring people from the Philippines do the implementation for them? Well, you're not

[1963:36] Speaker 6: only that I would have had $1,000 into my ads. Yeah. I mean, so yeah, I think I'm just gonna find someone in the Philippines to do it. So you tagged me, her number one, and

[1966:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I tagged you in the in the Facebook group with John,

[1967:46] Speaker 6: I think I'm just at this point, sometimes you have to just stay in your own mind, know what you're good at and do what you're good at and hire out other people that are much smarter than you are. And yeah, absolutely,

[1969:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's best to do that. What I what I tell people is this is like that. That's 100%. I agree with that. If the next thing that they say is Yeah, but I don't have the money to do so then I'm like, Okay, well, then we gotta give and take there at that point. Figure out, you know, you might have to bootstrap it a little bit. Right. So,

[1975:22] Speaker 6: so yeah, I'm a big believer in just hiring out people to do, like, you know, everything we've been learning in here, like, doing all the emails, you know, and I had like, 13 emails that go out from my email sequence, and I had my landing page. And then I have the all the backend stuff. And I don't do any of that. I literally just put it all together, I handed it off to a virtual assistant. And she puts it all up for me, it's awesome. I'm like, I'm happy to pay somebody to do that.

[1983:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's not usually that expensive when you get it dialed in either.

[1984:03] Speaker 6: So you know, really, when you think about it, if I'm over here trying to figure out how to do all the Facebook ads to all my emails, then get on me even I was loaded up and then do my landing page and make it look pretty, and then trying to get that up and throw the links in there. I'm not over here making money. Know exactly what I tend to over here, make the $100 an hour and pay your $10 an hour to go to the business. For me that actually gives me anxiety. Yeah. So yeah, I am gonna go in there and look at it just so I have knowledge and when I do hire somebody, I know what Yeah, that's great. So and I actually want to chat up teams and give me a list of questions to ask an ad manager.

[1994:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, thank

[1995:10] Speaker 6: you for that and I'm gonna go and watch it but I just wanted to let you know.

[1996:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a lot. Yeah, it definitely it definitely can be. That's why I even putting together that like the newbies course. I know. They're still like part It's a bit that can be a lot. But I also am a firm believer in because there's really only a few ways to get clients to our offers, is you got organic traffic, which now the algorithms really don't push a lot of organic coaching and mentoring content out at all. You can cold outreach, cold DM people, I don't like to in there. Yeah, um, I did find one system, one guy developed where he was able to buy, like, he had a team of like people in the Philippines, they but they would, they would message on behalf of him, like 1000 people a day, and like two or three of them will become clients. Like that's a way to do that without paid advertising. Or you can pay for advertising, put yourself in front of people get them on offers and doing that. And so that's why it's like, those are the only ways of actually growing a mentorship business from scratch. Oh, the other way is joint ventures, you find people that already have a big list of people, you partner with them speak on their podcast, speak on their platform. And the problem with that is their people might be very different from who your target people are. And so I've always found the quality of people I get from JV stuff is so much lower than Facebook ads. Whereas I can like laser in on who I really want to work with, with Facebook ads more than anything else.

[2023:00] Speaker 6: Yeah, like the damning because I get those all the time. I mean, yeah, exactly. I

[2024:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: mean, either totally, like, I don't

[2024:32] Speaker 6: even know who you are. And you're asking me to please me, I don't I don't want to do that. So I'll just

[2026:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: do it. Like, it's like, that's the thing is like, Okay, if you don't want to run paid ads, the other alternatives are almost just as hard. So you got to like pick your hard.

[2029:21] Speaker 6: Before you send, right, just pick it. Yeah. And that's

[2029:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: why that's why there's so many people like, they want to be a mentor. They want to write books, like Shonda said, they want to, I want to help people, I have a great message that can help people. And then very few actually succeeded that because there's, it's not easy. It's actually gotten harder in the last three years. Right now. But what we're showing you I believe, in this group is probably the easiest way of doing it. Overall. So yeah, and and and probably the most cost effective for people that are beginners that don't have a big budget.

[2039:16] Speaker 0: Exactly. So all right, Elizabeth, what's up Elizabeth? Hey, Jeremiah, I've

[2040:56] Speaker 7: been away for quite a while traveling and haven't been doing things because even my situation. So I was kind of struck by a lot of things today, you said information is free implementation is paid. And I've always struggled with how I convey that information. It's always been a challenge for me. And I haven't really ever dialed it in or pricing dialed in, it was dialed in 20 years ago. So example is, you know, I worked with this, this woman that just long story short, she said I was on your website for like three hours, I still didn't understand. I worked with her for 15 minutes, she was a science writer wanted to write creatively, in 15 minutes, I gave her everything. And she said, You need to give 15 minutes. And I'm like, No, I'm not giving 15 minutes free to people because it's, I'm gonna give everything. And then right now, near right now I have a woman who wants to write a book, another who has some sort of story, she wants to tell someone just wants to function better in her life. You know, they just want to meet me informally. I have two friends that I'm reading one script, I just finished these are close friends and other says, oh, I need help with my speech writing my speech. And I really need sort of a short way to say what I do. And, you know, so when I meet with people, but I struggle with the information on what I do, and I jump into doing it. And I don't I know I've got a bunch of people locally, that you know, want to meet with me. You know, it's so funny. And I meet them in very unfamiliar ways. You know, like, you're like, oh, we'll be friends. But it's like, and I had to explain to one person. Yeah, we can be but this is a paid service. Yeah. And then, so anyway, you get me?

[2068:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, I do get you. Here's, here's the thing, like, as I've like, also gotten to know you, Elizabeth over the last nine months. There's you and I have so many similarities in our journey.

[2072:48] Speaker 7: The last thing I wanted to say is, you know, I have a whole program called before was into creativity. And the center of that is when you're involved with your creativity in a balanced way your stress is reduced, you know, and I do a lot with kind of women's visions, women's voices, but to say to people why hand enhance your creativity is so vanilla. You don't mean it's not like that's not

[2079:11] Speaker 2: specific.

[2079:43] Speaker 0: You guys Here's the thing I love

[2080:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: the words that you're using right now to describe even your frustration. Yeah, is better than nine months ago. So you're you're starting to understand how to write and communicate with really good sales copy. Because even the way you're talking to me now, is is actually like, you're, you're talking like as a, as a sales copywriter even more than that's

[2087:12] Speaker 7: because I'm a better a better speaker. I'm a great writer, but yeah, into the marketing. And maybe it's, you know, chat GPT. But I mean, you're, it's, you're elucidating the difference between, you know, and from an implementation and just the way I'm hearing it going, Yeah,

[2091:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't have this dialed in. When I, when I look at for pay

[2092:24] Speaker 7: me to dial it in this week, because I'm meeting with people.

[2093:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, when I'm talking about like, meeting with people, and I'm meeting with them and expressing what I do and that information. Again, for me, it always starts with what are my goals personally. And so that's where I look at. And it sounds like you've gotten really clear on like, what your what, like your boundaries and what you want to do. But how do we express those in a way that?

[2099:39] Speaker 0: Do you want it to come across? Like,

[2100:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: where are we struggling to get it to come across? Do we not want to sound rude? Or what are we wanting to avoid?

[2101:54] Wennie: I think I

[2102:06] Speaker 7: need to make some, I think I don't have enough information, because I don't know what these people specifically want. So I need to, yeah, and the other, I need to get my pricing like, are these individual sessions? Is this a series I'm going to do it's more, it's not a group because I don't have a group yet. I'm not

[2106:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing polls to figure out well for you for I would package them like a bundle of like, six sessions, at whatever price, you want to do that. So then it's still like a few $1,000 At that point, right. And then you can, you could bundle in there, like all the different training courses that you've had. And that becomes like a package that you could give these people.

[2112:28] Speaker 0: Um

[2113:42] Speaker 2: make it to where

[2114:02] Speaker 7: you don't have training, or I have one training course on rest of webinars, but that's not, you know,

[2115:30] Speaker 0: yeah. Make it to where you're less,

[2116:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: we want to make it to where we're less trying to get our information to them. And at the stage that you're talking about, is really leaning into curiosity about their situation.

[2120:24] Speaker 7: And I'm brilliant at that. But I go I go right into like, oh, you know, you could do this, this and this and like, Oh, my God. Okay. Yeah, I gotcha. I mean, like, calls me to help her with her speeches. She's paying people, but I give her what she needs in two minutes. And she's like, Oh, my God, I didn't. That's incredible.

[2125:06] Speaker 0: Yeah,

[2125:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've gotten to the point now where I

[2125:57] Speaker 0: don't.

[2126:34] Speaker 1: I stopped doing that with people and almost like held back. Yeah. Unless they asked for help. Yeah. And or I like would lead them, but then it's like, at that point, okay. How is anybody going to know what you want to do and what you offer is leading, we can lead the conversation to where we want it to go

[2131:32] Speaker 0: to.

[2132:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like, as soon as what I had to train myself, as soon as I have an idea for somebody's business, because that happens to me, too. Every time I get in a conversation with people, I have an idea. What I will sometimes do is I'll, I'll ask them a few more questions. As soon as I have that spark of an idea. I'll ask them a few more clarifying questions about what I would like to know this. This happened the other day, somebody came to me with a business that they were starting, they didn't know that I was a business consultant at all. But I do business coaching, they have no idea. And I just said, Hey, you know, like, this is really great. How did you come up with the idea? Where did you like, now? Did I really have a lot of interest in that at first? Not necessarily. And then they started telling me about that. And I said, you know, Have you have you ever? Are you wanting to reach more people with this? So I got to ask them what their goals were, you know, then then I know, okay, well, then they're just dabbling with something. They're like, yes. And I said, I said, you know, it's interesting. I, my career, what I do for a living is I consult businesses, and I show them how to grow and get more, more customers. Would you mind if I share with you something that I just thought of while we were talking that might help you? Ah, so I actually ask, at that point for permission to make an offer to them,

[2153:37] Speaker 7: basically. And you tell them that this is your career.

[2154:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And I tell them in that I immediately frame it as this is what I do for a living. And I've been doing it for for two decades. That's how I lead with it as well. My neighbor, just the other day asked me this is so funny. My neighbor was like, Hey, I looked you up. I just bought this house right. And I Like I see all these videos you're doing like, what what is it that you do I say, well for for two decades, I've helped. And I'll usually only say authors at first, that's what most people can resonate with. I help authors, speakers, trainers, people that have a really good message, find more people, and then how to buy different programs so that they can make a full time living with the message that they want to impact people with. Well, that's what I frame and I figured out, that's my elevator pitch sort of chat. GPT helps me come up with that, too. As I asked chat, GPT I said, helped me develop an elevator pitch about what I do an one sentence that sums up everything that I do. And then at that point, my neighbor was like, Oh, wow, that's interesting. Anyways, that reminds me of, and then they started telling me why it was relevant to them, was it reminded them of a real estate investing YouTuber that they follow. And so they were just kind of correlating it to that. So then I started talking to them about real estate investing out of the blue, which I am not like, doing anything with, but I wanted to get to know them more. And I was curious about that connection right there. So I didn't make them a sales pitch about anything at that point. But I just, I made sure that they knew like what I do for a living.

[2181:08] Speaker 7: I think, you know, you made a bridge for me there because I need my curiosity, my ideation, my creativity for people is off the chart. But making that bridge into this is what I do. Because I always say, what is your also what is your goal with this? You know, do you want to create or you just want to get your vision and voice out there? Do you want money, but you like you're saying you made a you made a bit of a bridge with what you do. And you have the curiosity,

[2188:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: or I'll be I'll be out at a at an event with different speakers. I'll tell you this, this is one of the hardest ones for me, I would go to these events, I can help every single one of those speakers at that event

[2191:39] Speaker 0: scale, like crazy. Um, and I was

[2192:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: at an event and Rick Pino was there with me. And he literally went to every speaker, and we're like, you need to talk to Jeremiah, he can help you blow up and but only one of those speakers actually took me aside to ask questions and get to know more about that, because they had an interest in that. And so what I do is I really focused in on that one person. And to this day, I'm still friends with them. We didn't do business together, but it actually led to three referrals to three other speakers that they knew. Because, because what it was was I was instead of trying to tell them, yeah, I can help you with this, as I wanted to just get to know like, what are they doing? Get to know them have curiosity about other people? And what what really drives and motivates them? And then is there a natural segue that I can use in that conversation? To mention what I do? Unfortunately, 90% of the time, there's not going to be, but what you identify as a pattern in the ones where there is a good segue, and then that's where you can focus your energy. So that's where I stopped trying to get everybody who's a speaker to have a conversation with me. And really, I wanted to find the ones who, hey, we've been trying to do an online thing. That's really well, they started, I'm a speaker, who's trying to do this online thing and get students. And that was how the conversation would always go. And I'm like, okay, they're gonna be a client, or they're gonna refer a client to me.

[2214:57] Speaker 7: Yeah, yeah. And I help people tell their story. But it's really interesting. I'm thinking of all the mistakes, you know, I worked in a vitamin aisle for a while, and how many people come in with sleep deprivation. And I have a whole course about, you know, meditation about sleep, but I would never tell them about it. You know, because their their capacity, I'm selling them vitamins. But it's like, no, you know, it's, yeah. Telling. Yeah, thank you.

[2221:20] Speaker 1: But you could have, you could have led them, let's say you owned the vitamin store. And then the sleep thing was like, a next level coaching that you offer the vitamins is the main initial hook, you know, working with you at that point. That's where the conversation could segue into that what I just what we always look for is like, I say this, are they actively looking to solve this problem? That's a great question is this is the problem, something that I can 100% help them solve? And so for me, now I've gotten down to it's just like, mentors, speakers, trainers, coaches, course creators, who want to get more clients online, right? Anything outside of that, like if you're an author, who's not wanting to get more readers online, like I'm not even going to have that conversation with you to try to convince you that the internet is how to get those people and do any of those conversations and they're very resistant.

[2237:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: They turn into weird conversations. And so I've just, I would rather keep the connection open to where the person knows what I do so that then in the event two years from now, they want to join Don't do something online. They'll know who to who to call at that point. Yeah. And then that's where I focus on who are the ones that are actively looking to solve that problem. And that's where Facebook ads is so important, because you can literally put yourself in front of the person who's actively looking to solve the problem you solve.

[2245:10] Speaker 0: Yeah. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Thank you.

[2246:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. Hey, thanks, everybody. This has been great today. I've enjoyed these conversations. The training, I'll tell you this was today was one of the hardest.

[2249:22] Speaker 0: hardest days for me that I've had as far as training goes,

[2250:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really was just like, Lord, I need help. God, I need help. But I think I think I think it resonated, so that's good. So but that, you know, we all have those experiences. We all have those days where it's like, Okay,

[2254:27] Speaker 0: today's rough, it's hard, but I'm going to do it. And and I think that sometimes, you know, we

[2256:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: got to do hard things. And the more we get used to doing hard things. I think the better our lives can be overall. And so thanks for being here, everybody. Thanks for trusting me in this program. And I'll see y'all. Oh, what do we got? We probably have I think we have another Saturday q&a, and then I'll see y'all for q&a on

[2263:01] Speaker 0: Monday, next week, and if anyone is in town for my mom's stock seminar that she's doing. I'll see y'all.

[2265:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll see you down there too, down tomorrow. I'll be down there tomorrow morning. So all right. Have a good one. We'll talk soon.

[2267:09] Speaker 0: Thanks, Jeremiah. Bye

