CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-06-05T19:32:21.000Z
Duration: 108 min
Otter ID: AKpcERhEiYTmgy6brLtqF9vHkFs
---

[2:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello. Welcome. Welcome in the room here. Welcome to The Live group call. Welcome to today's live training with us. I'm gonna go share this live in the Facebook group here

[10:07] Speaker 1: all right

[11:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, everybody. Welcome. All right. live training here

[16:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, there we go. Got it. Well, welcome, everybody. Welcome to this live training. Again, something that I just want to mention if this is your first time watching that we do each week, we have

[23:26] Speaker 0: one training

[24:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: that I do live and then one q&a, that'll be next week. But this Thursday, we're also doing a live copywriting call, that's going to be at 11am. Central Time, noon, Eastern on Thursday, June 8. So that's this Thursday here. And then we alternate each week on Mondays between live training q&a, and we'll do a little bit of q&a after the training based off of any questions that you have throughout the training. If you've got questions about what I'm gonna be talking about during today's training, this is our training day, make sure to ask, and as well. Everything is recorded into the members area for you. And so if you haven't checked out the members area, there's a lot of people who get a lot of value from going through the recorded content in the monthly trainings archive. Okay, so the monthly trainings archive is where all the recordings are of each q&a and each training. And, you know, you don't need to go through every one unless you want to. But I would recommend at least going through some of the most recent from the month, you know, at least the last couple that we've done if if you haven't watched a couple of them, just to see what we've been talking about in the group and how we've been helping people in here every single week. Okay, as well, we did our offer Launchpad event two weeks ago, it was incredible. I would recommend if you have some time going and watching through the recordings, or reading through the transcript, if you can speed read even better. The transcript is a great is a great way for you to access that just by reading through the author Launchpad transcripts right there. So in the members area is where you're going to find all the recorded content over a members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And right now we have two courses that we're finishing up. I think we have one lesson each and both of these and then they're going to be finishing out this week. So we have strategic funnels made simple if you're wondering about the best funnel strategy I break down, if you're like a strategy junkie, I break down in depth about the strategy behind the funnels that we do. So here's what is not in the strategic funnels made simple. I'm not giving you the step by step on how to build it in this course, okay, so there's no training in this on how to actually build the funnel. It's the it's the overall higher level because as I when I'm in the weeds showing you how to build it, sometimes it's hard for me to actually go into the strategy side of it. And so if you want to know how to build the funnel, then there's a there's the course on funnel building made easy we have automated marketing secrets six steps to six figures there's a number of different courses that are in the members area all on like how to actually build out the funnel itself okay, as well we have our recurring membership profits course. This is about building a recurring membership program. And lastly, we finished up last month courses on follow up nurturing subscribers the fun way and time optimization. If you feel like I have no time and time is the reason why you can't build your business. This is actually going to be the number one cause You're gonna want to check out his time optimization playbook right here, he is going to show you how to create time out of what you have available. And then friendly follow up. Especially lessons three and five, are really valuable for everybody who's in this group, what to do if there's a sharp decline in new sales and how to pivot your offer to increase your revenue. This is if your offer is not producing a result. It's not converting to sales, these trainings are all about what to do to make adjustments to be able to bring things back into the profit zone. So that's just what I wanted to share with you as well, every single week. Throughout the week, I answer questions in the Facebook group. If you got questions about your business about your coaching business, go to the client growth accelerator group, the CG accelerator group, and we will be renaming this group to the wealthy coach accelerator. So but I'll add to the end of it that like at the end of this, it's going to say, formerly CG accelerator, so you can still type in CG accelerator into the search. But we're going to be changing the name to what the wealthy coach accelerator, I just haven't gone ahead and done that yet. I believe that that is more aligned with really what we're doing in this group, the outcome that we're creating. And wealth is more than just money. Wealth is about your time, your family and everything that you're creating in your life. And so I want to help you become a wealthy coach. If you don't want to be a wealthy coach, I'm not really sure why you're here. Okay. Like, this doesn't make sense to me why you would even spend time in a program like this, if you have no desire to be a wealthy coach, and I know that some people, maybe that is their desire, I'd love to at least maybe you know, the mindset behind why you wouldn't want to be wealthy. But that is there is that? Okay, so what I want to talk about today is in the training today is I got a couple of things about strategy, I got some examples to show you. I have some really cool brand new things with AI and some chat GBT stuff that's really cool to show you. But before I go into that, I'm going to touch on some personal growth, personal development, and mindset stuff, I would encourage you to not check out during this section, just because you may think you don't need any mindset coaching, I would challenge you that if your thought is, is as ever, in any learning environment that I don't need personal development, coaching or growth in my mindset, that actually you are the person that needs it the most. Really, I, I stand by that, because I was that person for years, I believed that I needed nothing with my mindset and personal development for close to 15 years. And that it was just for all those people that you know, weren't as good as me, that needed it that were below me that needed that type of training. Okay. And so if that's you, I would maybe invite you to challenge where that thinking is that you have arrived at a level that where you know everything about your mindset, and how the brain works and how you need to grow as a person and really challenge why you think there's not any areas for you to grow in. Okay, so that's the first thing that I'm going to share is is that oftentimes, especially in an environment like this, we serve coaches, thought leaders, mentors, and trainers, people who know a lot have a lot of experience have impacted a lot of people. And there can be a temptation to think, well, I already know all this, I don't need to hear any of this. I've already heard it before. I've already taken all the classes, I've gotten the t shirt, I've gotten the subscription, I don't need any more of this stuff. Okay. And what I find is that when I stopped thinking that way, and I started saying, you know, what, what if I just humble myself a little bit and say, what, what can I learn that maybe I've heard 100 times before, but maybe I might hear it through a different lens today. So that's what I want to just challenge you with this is to imagine that today and really anytime that that you listen to personal development training, I always come with an open mind as if it's the first time that I've ever heard something. And I found that that really helped me to be able to absorb what I needed in that moment as well. I would invite you to maybe open up an app on your phone, take some notes. If you're Driving, if you're doing something else, obviously don't do that. But maybe spend some time later today or later this week taking some notes on on this section of the training here, okay. Something that I want to want to really, really challenge is if you're not getting people showing up in your, to your presentations, if you're not getting people showing up, to listen to you, coach them, if you're not getting people showing up on your webinars, what kind of energy are you putting out there, we attract the kind of energy that we actually put out there in our video content, and in our sales copy, and in the language that we use. And oftentimes we are, we're very blinded by this when we're in it. I, myself am very blinded by this when I'm in it. And Hindsight is 2020. I look back at my sales letters from a year ago.

[177:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you want to know, if I was like coaching myself a year ago, I would say about my sales letters a year ago, they sound desperate, insecure. They sound like somebody trying to prove himself, somebody who doesn't believe in what he's offering. And it sounds like somebody who's trying to get validation from people, rather than actually knows how to coach people. Funny thing is, I had a lot of people telling me that that's exactly how I was coming across. And I was so angry that people would tell me that. And now, a year later, I will look back at my old sales letter, and I will. I'm like, You know what? Yeah, actually, that's exactly how it's written. That's exactly how it's coming across. As I'm trying to prove to people that I know what I'm talking about. I'm trying to get them to agree with me. And I'm trying to get them to believe that I'm worth working with. Okay. And so the energy that you put into your your ads, the energy that you put into your, your, your your content into your sales letters, is what attracts people, even more so than the words that you said. And this is why it's important that when you actually write your sales copy, and you're editing it, that you're in a, that's you're in a good state of mind, to where you're thinking really positively about yourself, and you have a lot of self belief, otherwise, you're going to come across with that energy of trying to validate and prove yourself to other people. Now, the other side of things is this is that I see a lot of a lot of coaches who they, they're not quite sure why things are not working for them with their, their offer that they're putting out there. They, and maybe they have a lot of experience and success, helping other people. This is actually a niche that I have a lot of experience in, I would say most of the people that I work with, have experience coaching other people. And they are also the ones who struggle the most to get clients. The experience ends up clouding how to communicate your message to new people. Because the timeline of how many times you've repeated yourself, helping people or maybe the methodology that you use to help people gets filtered into trying to write your sales copy. And you end up more explaining your process more than you actually do. persuading people to take action with you. Okay. I'm going to say that another way. There's words that you might say, in a coaching atmosphere. If you're coaching somebody, if you have a client in front of you, of how you would explain your methods. If you take those same words and put them into a sales letter or your offer, it's almost guaranteed to never produce a result. And this becomes frustrating to a lot of people, a lot of mentors, a lot of coaches because they're saying, I said all the right things. I did all the right things. I set it exactly how I help people. By all intents and purposes, nothing is wrong with what they did. In fact, it was perfect. And yet it didn't produce results. People didn't show up. And so the reason why is because in sales and marketing versus coaching, there's a different language and how you communicate with people. So the Language of attraction. And getting people to come into your ecosystem who haven't met you before. That language is very different then coaching. Like they're so different from each other, that it's like oil and water. And the issue is, is that the more experience that the coach has, the more they try to use coaching lingo in their attraction lingo, and then they get frustrated as to why nobody wants them, you want to know what this is actually very similar to, is actually very similar to in a dating environment. When you are a, you're like, you know, I'm a very eligible bachelor Bachelorette, I have so much to offer people, I have so much value. And yet you're baiting the hook with what you think people would want, based on your experience that you know, and it's repelling people, and it's not attractive to people. And yet, in your mind, in the mind of somebody who's dating, they're doing all the right things, by all intents and purposes, they should have people just chasing them down to become to go on a date to marry them to date them, right. I thought this when I was in the dating environment myself, is that I was like, why can't I get any women to go out with like, like, I have, like, everything's perfect. At the time I had, I had like, 5% body fat, a six pack was making multiple six figures had like, everything was just perfect, but I couldn't get anybody to go out with me. And so then what ends up happening is we end up blaming, and I'm gonna make this as doesn't make sense to you as a coach, like, it doesn't make sense. Why are you bringing this romance crap into this as this is BS? It's actually not okay. We end up blaming things outside of us for why things aren't going how we want them to. And we ended up stepping into this sneaky victim mindset. See, it's not really a full on victim mindset, there's a difference. A full on victim mindset is somebody who sits around isn't doing anything, isn't trying to improve their life is complaining, coming up with reasons why just the world is out to get them nothing can go their way, nothing is happening for them. And they're just sitting around. And like, I wouldn't say that that's anybody who's in this group here, right? I don't think that there's anybody who's actually in this coaching group, there's a lot of people who follow me on social media that are that way. But I don't think there's anybody who has actually become a client of mine who is like not at least doing the work, right. And that's where it becomes really hard. Because you end up doing the work, you end up putting an offer out there. You might even be taking care of your body, your sleep, your food, your water intake, working on your mindset, doing all the right things, and yet nothing is working out for you. And it becomes really difficult because, too to our perception, we're doing everything right. There's no reason that makes sense under the sun as to why we're not producing the results that we want. And this is where I find a lot of people get stuck and they they contend to either give up, or what they'll do is they'll they'll go into a cycle. So the cycle is nothing some of you have been on this on this cycle. The cycle starts with excitement, right? You find a program like the client growth accelerator, you learn a few things. You go to apply it and no result. And you give up the cycle. Let's make it right here. You give up spend six months complaining as to why things like this don't work. Go on an existential journey to rediscover yourself. And then you get back excited again by another coaches program. And this cycle continues How many of you have been on this cycle excitement with the program? You learn new concepts you try to apply them you get no results and now you got devastated because you know what? It was just like the last 20 times I tried it. It was just like the last 30 times. Did you know that the cycle will actually never stop. Continue During this way, until you change one thing. And that one thing might sound very offensive, is it's actually not the it's generally not the coaching programs fault. It's generally not the, the system's fault. It's generally something internally, that the common denominator is if you've been in like 2030 coaching programs, and they all haven't worked out, what's the common denominator in that the common denominator is ourselves is that we've been through the cycle, we've been through the journey, so many times. And we've keep repeating the same pattern over and over and over and over again. And what ends up happening is each time we go through the pattern, something else happened. Our tolerance

[338:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: for failure, decreases. Let's say that you're green. And you've never done anything before. Your tolerance for failure might be right here, you know that you're brand new. And you know that it takes time to be successful, you know that success doesn't happen overnight. And so you're willing to fail a couple of times to reach this level. What ends up happening though, is if you go through that cycle that I just showed you, your tolerance decreases, to where if it doesn't work out, the first one, two or three times, you're done, you're just done. That's it, I gave it enough tries, I gave it enough shots. And what I see a lot of people say is I don't have time for things to not work out. Or this is taking way too long, or too little of a return this idea that things must work out immediately. Or else they're not going to work out at all. And what we have to do is we have to actually challenge where does that belief come from? Where does that belief come from? That, okay, see, this is this is the issue, we end up going through the same cycle and our tolerance for failure decreases to the point that now we're operating out of completely unrealistic expectations for how things should go, or how things should happen. And it gets even worse, because in sales and marketing, what what sells is testimonies and case studies. So in so in 30 days produced multiple, six figures. And so it ends up convincing you that if you don't produce those results in 30 days, that you're a failure, that you did something wrong. There's something wrong with you, and how you understood it. Or if you go into the sneaky victim mindset, there's something wrong with the program. The coach didn't connect the trainings bad. It doesn't work. And the cycle continues. The answer to this is actually not really something that most people like to hear. And I've heard it four times in the last week from very successful eight figure coaches that I've listened to. And that stuck with me, because I've been trying to figure out how to coach people out of the cycle right here. And I finally realized what the issue is. There are some people who are willing to make it work, who are willing to pace themselves who are willing to do the work, who are willing to not blame others who are willing to to humble themselves to learn, what do they not know, who are willing to try new things, even if they've tried it 100 times before. And then there are other people who just simply won't. And you will either make this business work for you or you won't. You will either figure it out. When you get stuck. You will either go and adjust your sales copy or you will sit and cry in a ball and complain that nothing worked out for you Okay, maybe that's an extreme example. You will ask for help in the group when something didn't work, and get feedback, and iterate and realize that it takes time that it takes energy to test things out. And you'll actually realize that the testing and the experimentation is the most important part of the process. See, I've never seen a coaching business that succeeded without testing without experimenting, without doing market research, and you might be saying, well, I've been doing market research for 25 years. Are you making sales? Well, no, okay, then there's something that you don't know about your market that influences them. Or there's something that needs to change or shift or realign in a different direction for you to start producing a profit in your business. And so this is where I find that the problem lies, is that there's certain language and ways that we need to communicate when it comes to writing sales copy, and I'm not going to make this a sales copy course right now for the next 30 minutes. We have courses in the members area that can help you with that. We have trainings that we've gone through, we can answer your questions on Thursday, we're going to be going over helping you rewrite your sales copy. One of the number one things that I see that stops people is they become so attached to how they want things to go, how they expect things to go, the timeline, they expect things to happen. And that when things don't go that way, they step into and it's almost automatic by habit. Disappointment, doubt, unbelief, and it keeps the cycle going, instead of saying, You know what? Why not get curious. See, this is something that I want to challenge you into, is, when a campaign doesn't work, when it doesn't produce the result that you want, instead of throwing up your hands saying I did everything, it doesn't work, it didn't work, the system didn't work. The training didn't work. Nobody joined me. I'm really disappointed. I'm really upset. I just got a message from somebody the other day, I'm so disappointed as to how much time I invested into getting this up with zero return. I can't ever do this again. And that's that person's prerogative and choice.

[449:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's like, I don't think there's anything I can say to that person that changed their mind, and I'm not going to try to. But what if they got curious to say, wait a sec. Why didn't this work? Was there something else that I could say differently? Was there something in the copy in the headline? Is there something that I am avoiding saying, Am I afraid of promising too much am I afraid of over embellishing the result too much? Am I afraid of being too bold with the promise of the outcome that I can deliver to people? Do I feel a lack of confidence in my ability to close sales? Am I trying to explain way too much to people about what I'm offering answering that those questions, and getting feedback in an environment like this, when you post your offer in the group, when you jump onto one of the copywriting rewrite calls, being able to have somebody look at your offer will provide that feedback. But the problem happens is when we end up going on this cycle, and we believe we've tried everything before, we've done everything before. And we don't even realize that until you're making at least two to three times return on your investment. Right? Let's just say that you make an investment of $100 in the Facebook ads, and it generates $300 back. So now we're going to take 200 of this and we're going to spend 200 on Facebook ads and this is going to generate 600 back. Okay, now we're gonna maybe borrow a little bit from our bank account, we're gonna put $1,000 into the Facebook ads, and then generates $2,500 in sales. So this is campaign number one. Number two, number three. And this is a normal cycle for most people when they're running campaigns with their paid advertising, when they're trying to reach clients. This whole process, I've realized, a lot of people misunderstand what this process is, this process isn't the process of you getting wealthy striking it rich and making a ton of money. No, you want to know what this process is. I'm going to I'm going to, I know that I'm probably going to piss off one or two people in our group by what I'm about to say, because I'm completely pivoting a lot of my messaging, of what I talk about in this program. So I do apologize if you're upset by this. This is not your ticket to riches. This is your market research. See, this is a problem that I see people do with their virtual events. Please stick with me here. You may feel challenged to shut down by what I'm about to say, Okay, please. Maybe ask yourself internally, why am I shutting down? Why Am I blocking this out? Okay.

[506:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: The reason why you need to in the six steps, we go over the six steps, finding your niche, writing your copy, creating the landing page, promoting it out to people doing a presentation and gathering feedback. And then analyzing the results. Those are the six steps. Did you know that the that until you're making multiple six figures? Each time you go through those six steps is actually market research. you're researching? What is going to going to be the most profitable in a campaign see marketing. departments in companies know this, that it takes testing to see what does the marketplace respond to? It takes testing to see how is our sales messaging work? How is our sales pitch working. But then we go into the coaching and mentoring and training business. And for some reason, people seem to believe that if the campaign didn't produce six figures the first time out that it was a failure, and they're ready to give up. And they're tired of it when in fact, they're still doing market research. Your initial campaign just to see how people respond. If you're if people did not produce sales, if they didn't upgrade to the VIP, that was part of your market research process. To see how people respond. This is why I encourage you, especially if you're not getting a bunch of sales to create a $7 VIP upgrade, not a $27 not a $49 not launch a $97 paid mastermind, or a $97 paid class and then only get two people who sign up. And now we're ready to give up because I only made 200 bucks. It wasn't enough your system doesn't work, Jeremiah, I'm ready to throw in the towel. It's too much work for too little return. It doesn't work out when in fact, you're still in the market research stage. You're still learning how people are going to respond to you. You're still improving your skill set of attracting clients and closing sales. And so I realized that this is a huge gap in the coaching industry is that most people have an an unrealistic, unreasonable expectation that their market research should instantly produce multiple six figures when they're still in the research states. Research by definition has an educational aspect to it. You are learning about your market. If you're in a college if I go to UT University of Texas, and I'm doing a lab research, and my lab research does not produce a result. Am I a failure that should give up on researching. Because the first time out, I didn't produce a self driving car or a robot with a AI that that changes the world. See, if we look at it from that perspective, it makes sense. could like, could you imagine, if if the first time that Tesla launched self driving, and it didn't work and it crashed, Elon was like, Well, you know, juice isn't worth the squeeze, taking too long to get a return, and the self driving thing is not worth it, we're gonna, we're gonna go back to the old way of doing things. And yet, that's how most people are in their coaching. They don't realize that they're still in market research part of the process to see how do people respond on a zoom call? What kind of feedback are they're getting from people who sign up for their trainings? What are people saying about working with them? How are people connecting? Are they even showing up to listen to you? One of the greatest outcomes, one of the best outcomes in your market research that you can have is nobody shows up to your presentation. Nobody buys from you see, and yet most people get devastated by that. No, that's actually the greatest thing. Because that tells you what not to do. Again, that tells you that that what you did, the last time didn't work and something has to change. I want you to actually get excited when things don't work out how you wanted them to. That's a shift in mindset, to actually look at failure as a good thing, to actually look at it as I either win. Or I learn to actually look at a campaign that didn't produce a result as being a good part of the process. Now, obviously, you don't want to be stuck in that. This is why we have to not be emotionally attached to the outcome of our offer. I hear people say I get disappointed, I'm devastated, I put so much energy into this, I put so much work so much. And I'm just now might end. Now that's fine, feel that way. process through it, how you need to process through it. But you're gonna have to get back on the horse, you're gonna have to, for lack of a better term, pull up your bootstraps, and get back in the mud and keep pressing forward. Most people are incapable of doing that. Most people will give up and quit until somebody else comes and picks them up. Because of the sneaky victim mindset that it's somebody else's fault for why I'm not successful. And then what's funny is, see I said it at the beginning of this training, the energy that you project in your copy is who you attract. And so if you have that energy about building your campaign, you're also going to write sales copy that comes across from that energy, you're going to attract people as well that think and operate in a very similar type of victim mindset. And then we wonder why people don't show up. They don't make the time commitment. They don't make it important enough to listen to us well, because the energy of who we're attracting is exactly the same as ourselves. And so this is why we have to grow in this area, to a new level, I believe of thinking, how we look at ourselves, how we look at our business, how we detach emotionally from the outcome, how we don't attach our identity of who we believe we are to our performance and be able to look at it as if more from an investor standpoint, if you are somebody investing into yourself to build a business, would you be emotionally attached to the outcome? Well, maybe you would be. And that might be something to challenge as to why the emotional roller coaster happens when it comes to making money and investing money. And why we end up going up and down. When things when things go our way. We're happy when they don't we're devastated. When they go how we want we're on top of the world. When they don't we're just completely defeated. And learning to figure out why that pattern is where that's learned behavior that came from somewhere in our life. It is a pattern of a mindset of The outside circumstances dictate and determine how I feel what I think about myself, and directly relates to what I'm willing to do see if somebody is now devastated, and they give up and they won't watch another campaign for six months. That's a behavioral change that needs to shift. So that they can test things out more. So they can continue things I if we're in a corporate environment, and this is why sometimes as entrepreneurs, we need to look at our businesses as real business owners, not as just self employed hobbyists. You know, if I was working on the self driving program at Tesla, and the first while I guess some people would do that, but you know, it got into a crash, and I quit my job and I gave up well, they can replace you tomorrow, the corporation is going to continue iterating, the corporation is going to continue testing things out, they're going to continue optimizing whether you quit or not as an employee. The issue is, is that when you're a solopreneur, or an entrepreneur, you're the only one who is in charge of yourself quitting or not. And so we got to figure out and we got to go higher level and say, Okay, if I was in charge of me as an employee, what would I expect for myself? And how would I expect myself to show up today in my business, whether you feel like it or not, you're going to either make it work, or you won't, you're either going to figure it out,

[666:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: or you won't. And so, Listen, this isn't to be negative, or to harp on anybody. The reason why I bring this today is for the last month and a half, I've been very, probably two months, I've been very, very much preaching this message of self acceptance, self love, self compassion. And by the way, what I just shared, doesn't go against that as well. You absolutely need to give yourself the grace, to love yourself through the hard things to work through. If you get stuck, like, Listen, if you get stuck for three months, don't beat yourself up for doing that, realize that there's something that we need to work through internally, as to why that's happening. You can always grow in those areas, you can always grow in that behavior to change that behavior. But at the end of the day, we also need to start doing the work that we need to do, even if it doesn't produce the result. And see it as market research. See it as part of the process of reaching our goals, part of the process of going out there testing things out, seeing Okay, I'm gonna test this campaign to experiment to see how does the marketplace respond? I'm not going to be attached to this good idea just because it makes me feel good. I'm going to see what's the most profitable. I'm going to take a look at what are the top most successful people doing in my niche funnel, hack them and model their behavior and take a look at what are their landing pages saying? What is the cadence of how they're connecting with people? And I'm gonna challenge what are the beliefs that I have about doing this process? What are the things inside of me, that are stopping me from going out there, and taking these steps forward? When nobody shows up to your campaign, it's not a bad thing. It's not. It's part of the market research. It's part of the process. And so if we haven't launched our campaign simply because we're waiting until some moment where we can feel certainty that it's going to produce a result. That's not a healthy business behavior. That's not even rooted in reality. To believe that we can build build, build, build, build, build, build, do all this building, put all these building blocks together until it's good enough to put out there and then get devastated when, as part of our market research, it didn't work out how we expected because we got so attached to that expectation of how it should work out. We built it up so much in our head as to how things should work instead of iterating and testing things out and seeing how are they going to produce a result? How are they going to connect with people? Is this going to resonate with people when I put it out there? Okay, so I'm going to take some some questions here. Just from just from a few people here, I have a couple of other things that I just wanted to share with you as well, is that you know, I just saw a campaign an advertisement today. Did you know that in Times Square, they're now advertising a five day virtual event on how to publish a book that has Amy Porterfield, Russell Brunson. I just saw it on my newsfeed. And they're actually advertising a virtual event on Time Square, to get people to publish a book. And then they're running a Facebook ad with the Time Square advertisement, I'm telling you virtual events is the best way to do your market research, to get answers as to how people are going to respond to you. But you have to be willing to actually put it out there, you have to be willing to actually iterate you have to be willing to write the sales copy, or the landing page together, test it out, become 100%. okay with it failing, become 100% okay with losing 300 bucks on your Facebook ads. And I want you to challenge if that's something that you are saying, I could never do that. I could never be okay with losing 300 bucks, Jeremiah. Why is that? Where we're like, what why does your brain so attached to must produce result or I will not do work must work out first time, or I will never do work must work. First test, or it is failure. And I will give up challenge that thinking I'm passionate about this. Because like that there's there's a wiring somewhere in our brains, that tells us and here's why I'm passionate about it, because it prevents people from even testing. Most of the time when people have that wiring, they won't even create a landing page. Because they've already extrapolated it out to the point that they will never even launch. And so you have to challenge I sorry, I know I raised my voice a little bit. I just I really feel passionate about this. Because I know that people that are in this program, I know that each one of you can produce multiple six figures with your business. It's going to take testing, it's going to take iterating it's going to take trying these things out. It's going to take not getting distracted by all the marketing gimmicks that are out there. You know what, if you if you're paying attention to all the different things that people are claiming work for coaches that are out there, and you're going through a bunch of webinars and trying to learn all these things from different coaches, I'll tell you watch what they're all doing. They're all running virtual events and webinars, because it works. They're teaching a variation of everything that we show you in this program. It's just slightly varied by about five to 10%. That's it. There's nothing really new under the sun when it comes to actually closing sales, other than being willing to be consistent to show up to iterate to learn, how does the marketplace respond. And that's why most people never succeed in the coaching business, because they do not have the consistency to go through that process. Now, I believe that if you're in this program, you do have the consistency to do so. Some of you, maybe it hasn't shown up yet. That's okay. But I believe that by being here, and by being in this environment, it's going to come out of you. And we're going to start to see more and more people producing six and seven figures of results. Going through this. All right. Tiffany raised her hand.

[786:37] Speaker 0: Good morning.

[787:16] Speaker 1: Hello.

[787:49] Speaker 0: Okay. Hi. Hi. I, I posted a question in the group kind of as a funny because you, I was like, Are you reading my mail? So my question is, and I think I've shared a lot of the background that I come from. And so I've been kind of in a transition to doing what you are encouraging us to do. Yeah. And so and then also with the last couple Monday's ago, you gave me some phenomenal tips which I go back and I watched and so I have been in In a transition and so my question is What? What is? Uh, I mean, you kind of answered my question towards the very end. But I wanted to ask like for someone who's in transition like myself, who's used to just posting her offers on social media, and then posting a link where people can sign up? What what, what is a tip you have for me to get used to the idea of a landing page? Because I have in my mind that it might it's going to take too long, because I know I've shared it. It's previous, taking too long before. So I still have that little, you know, belief. So yeah, that's my question, what's

[812:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna what's gonna take too long building the landing page?

[812:56] Speaker 0: Yes. Because what I what I'm used to doing is just putting a post out there on Facebook, and then being an offer, and then posting a way for people to come into the offer. I'm not using what's

[816:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: the way that people come into the offer.

[817:27] Speaker 0: I'll usually post like a link that people can pay for or when I had my free Facebook group, I would post that link for them to join the group. So that's what I'm used to. And so I think, what what has been, I realized during the week that I have been holding myself because I think that I have to have a landing page in order to do what I do. And I'm like, oh, no, now I gotta learn how to do the landing page. And I haven't done that yet. And I've been here for almost three months. So these are the thoughts that I've been going through. And I'm like, oh, okay, that's not helping.

[829:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have you? Well, I mean, creating a landing page doesn't have to take more than like, 15 minutes. So the belief isn't that it's going to take too long. What is the actual belief?

[833:50] Speaker 0: Oh, I'm used to people not showing up. So that's, that's my thing. Okay.

[836:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you Wait, so you're used to people not showing up. But initially, you said that creating a landing page is going to take too long?

[838:05] Speaker 0: Oh, in my mind, I think that the landing page is not the same as just putting a Facebook post out there, like I'm used to, I'm thinking in my mind at some detailed process that I haven't quite gotten the hang of yet.

[843:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I gotcha. Well, yeah, shifting from a process that you've done before, can be a little bit challenging to think of it that way. But a landing page, and the processes you've been doing are essentially the same thing, the action of somebody joining a Facebook group is very similar to the action of them, giving you the name and email on a landing page, whatever you say, in the post, verbally, is similar to what's called a VSL of a video sales letter. And so you saying things and then getting people to join a facebook group or an offer, you're essentially already doing the mental concept of what a landing page does, the problem is that you can't do is you can't you can't track or run ads to that process, and you've been doing. Okay, so you're limited in your scale, you're limited and how many people you can actually reach with your existing process. So a landing page and actually, this is a great, this is a great thought because I I'm even I've even dealt with this a little bit myself, I'm I'm currently dealing with something very similar to what you're talking about right now. I know that I've dialed in my offer so well that I could probably go evergreen with it. But in my mind going evergreen with it is going to be less converting. And so I'm like I'm having to challenge that over the next couple of months and get to that place even though I know that it probably when I go evergreen, it's going to produce better results. And so what it is, is it's you want to translate the same experience that people have gone through with you to a different medium. Okay. So like when I was when I was talking with when I first did, coaching with Don velocio, as we talked about, she got her clients because the resort that she works at Mira Vall would host live events for guests of the resort, and then they would come to her for her health coaching. And I said if you just bottle up that whole experience, and bring it online, you can close clients, but you want the experience to be one to one the exact same As what you're already doing, if it's working, if you know that it's working, where you send people from a video and Facebook posts to a group, um, the way that a landing page changes as you just you, you could have a video that you send people to a page with very simple copy. And it just has their name and email address. And then on the next page, you have a link to join the Facebook group. So you can literally do the exact same type of process even with the Facebook group type of thing that you're doing with a very simple landing page process. But the landing page tool allows you to run advertisements and to track it to where then you can scale it to reach 1000s more people and create look alike audiences and do all that. Okay.

[892:23] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah.

[892:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: But the idea is, is to really even map out like, Okay, since I take people here, I do this, you can translate that directly to doing a landing page as well.

[896:39] Speaker 0: Oh, okay. Because, um, yeah, because that thought process that I just walked you through, that has been healthy, I believe, has been one of my hosts, as well, like, well, I don't have anything to bring in the group, because I'm like, Well, all I have is these fake previous Facebook posts as offers, but now I'm just gonna go back, find what ever I have put out on Facebook previously, cuz there's a few offers that I have created. That's actually how I got my coaching client now. And I'm just going to drop that in the group and get get feedback on tweaks and, and stuff.

[907:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Whatever you put in the group and whatever offer that you did before, transcribe it with otter AI, and then copy that transcript into chat. GPT and have it right, your landing page copy off of that?

[911:16] Speaker 0: Oh, okay. Oh, I will do that. Yep.

[912:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, that's, that's a big part of what I'm doing is, is with chat, GBT is being able to take transcripts and, and do that. So

[915:27] Speaker 0: thank you. Definitely go back and rewatch this and start implementing.

[916:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I want to show you guys something really cool. You know, hopefully, people are still watching this. And now we're at the end here. You don't want to you don't want to miss this. One thing that I'm going to show you here real quick, please do not miss this. So a chat GBT Plus, I'm gonna be talking about this on my Facebook page, they now have a plugins and you can activate the plugins by going to settings, beta features and adding plugins right here. Okay, this little plugin that I found called web requests allows you to paste any thing from the internet, any length of text, including a transcript, and chat GPT will read the entire thing. So I could take a four hour transcript and paste it into this window and chat GPT will be able to analyze that entire transcript in one prompt by using this web request plug in. So I just show you an example of that if I pull up let's go to otter AI right here. And let's pull up. Actually, let's just pull up this conversation that we have right here that we're talking about. summarize all of the points taught in this transcript.

[941:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so web requests is it's it will actually load the page. And it says, okay, it has to be split up into five chunks. This is our transcript of what we just talked about an hour ago. This is the talk that I've just done right here. Like this is not this something from a week ago, this is in real time. It's able to pull all of the texts. It splits it out into chunks. And what's cool is this goes beyond the context limit of chat GPT but for whatever reason, it works. So here watch this is the last request this web request plugin. You can use plugins if you have chat. GPT plus. Transcript provides a training on aspects of entrepreneurship and mindset key points emphasizes the importance of effective sales copy the need to communicate in a specific way. Mindset expectations common issues people become attached to their expectations and timelines. means market research reframes the process of running campaigns as market research. They argue that people have unrealistic expectations, emotional attachment. So what it's doing is it's literally summarized my talk that I just did right here. And then I can ask it additional questions. Right? Write out the top 10 pain points of someone who this talk is directed towards

[969:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: and is able to actually read up back into the output look at it even pulled where I mentioned otter AI and chat GPT, which was just at the very end of this, what it pulls

[974:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: they may want unrealistic expectations about immediate success, emotional attachment to outcomes, lack of consistency and persistence, difficulty writing sales copy, struggling with market research challenges with scaling. So this is this is able to help accelerate your content creation this is able to accelerate your sales letter writing is if you're able to use a tool like otter AI to transcribe whatever you're doing this is the transcript right? Right here. Can you see the otter AI transcript so this transcript, I'm able to now have the AI pulled us in here and be able to turn it into any number of pieces of content that I want. Create 20 Facebook tax posts based on the above transcript.

[995:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so that can save you a lot of time. When it comes to coming up with what you want to do by using that. web requests plugin as part of chat GBT Plus, there's another plugin as well called Vox scripts. Vox scripts is right here. This allows you to paste any YouTube video in and it will search YouTube transcript as well. It'll, it'll do the exact same thing with any YouTube video, I pasted a four hour podcast into it the other day I was having I had pulled the main points for me from the whole podcast. So I didn't have to even listen to it. By doing that, and I was able to ask the questions that I wanted to ask, versus just what you know, the summary that it wanted to give me was so those are some great ways to kind of streamline what you're doing with chat JpT. Um, the YouTube plugins called Vox scripts, the other ones called web requests. All right, have a nice.

[1012:52] Speaker 2: Hey, man, this conversation was super awesome. So I shared in the comments, something like I think it was a couple of days ago that I distinguished in my time of prayer and meditation, I have tools I knew I know how to use my tools. And as my coach, I was wondering what coaching you had, my thing has been, I take the action, I am like reliable for that. And it's inside of the context. It's hard, everything is hard for me. So you know, I typically don't get like the output, given the amount of work I'm putting in, but I'm relentless. I won't give up. I'm like a beast, like I'm trained to stay in action, right? And I really am so clear, like the Holy Spirit showed me, this has been your view. This is why even after all the consistent effort you put in, you're not getting the output. So I'm really, you know, just shifting that perception and I'd love your thoughts as my coach on that.

[1031:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, what Sorry, what was the question that you're wondering your thoughts on? I apologize. So

[1032:26] Speaker 2: I'd love coaching on. So someone like myself, I'm doing the work. And my perception is it's hard. Yeah. Like, that's kind of hard. It's hard for me. And since we're talking about mindset, and I have tools, like I said that I value your, your coaching and just what you have to contribute for someone like him, I'm not going to give up Jeremiah, I know, and my what I'm really present to you, I was praying on this this morning, I was like God, what I love is to do the work with a sense of ease.

[1043:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay?

[1044:26] Speaker 2: For me, you get fresher. So yeah, thank you.

[1045:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. Okay, I get what you're saying now. Yes, in one sense,

[1047:52] Speaker 0: it is

[1048:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: hard. And when you go to a new level, like, Okay, now you're making all this money. What's funny is you end up getting stagnant when it gets easy. And then especially with your personality, my personality, we end up making it harder by adding more things to it, right. And so in that realize that sometimes we make things harder than they need to be. Okay, so that's one of the first things as is that our own personality of trying to do everything actually makes it harder than sometimes it needs to be. So become aware of that I found myself making my own business harder than it needed to be for the last nine months. And I've shifted into a state of ease, probably in the last 30 to 60 days. So I'm going to take you just through a little bit of a process with that is I had this belief that if I don't make things happen at a certain level that I A am, you know, I'm not being a good steward of the time that God's given me on earth and all of this. And I just realized that, like, I need to give up the need for things to always be done faster than I want them to. Yeah, and when I let go of that need, it brought a lot of peace to me to realize just how far I've actually come. And so gratitude is a big part of that. For one, the other side of it is, is that starting to, to really own the life that you've created the life that you're designing. So for me, about a month and a half ago, I had a situation where you know, I'm helping my wife, clean baby bottles, and we're there in the kitchen. And I am just stewing, like angry on my face. And she's just like, what is wrong. And I'm just like, I got all this stuff I need to get done. And I needed to do all that. And I realized that I had this belief that if I have things on my to do list still, that it means that I'm a failure. And that, and that I have to get all the things done in order to feel peace, in order to feel ease, in order to feel rest, that I can only rest when everything is checked off the list. And so realizing that it's actually okay to find rest in the moments of the process, even when your list is a mile long. Yeah, and actually find those moments where you can turn it all off. And you can really intentionally not think about your business. Here's what I find. When I do that. I come back with way more creativity for my business. Okay, so I don't know, does that help at all? Or is there another that you're dealing with? No,

[1096:24] Speaker 2: no, this is really helpful. So recently, I'm, you know, I worked with John Lin. So I started to look at what are the reoccurring daily things that I can give her to do, I want to put myself in a position where all I'm doing is connecting with prospects and creating my next offer. Like in that vein, I do all these little things I don't need to do that's the first thing. Okay, so I really read what you're saying resonates with me, because I've been feeling like I have to do everything. The second thing I would say is that like, like just doing dishes, I resonate with that, because it's like, I'm like, Oh my God, I've got so many things to do. And you know, I'm pausing. I'm really noticing this and it's like, you know, maybe this is all there is to do right now. Yeah, like How about cleaning my house? Yeah.

[1111:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, the other side is like, it's okay if you don't clean your house today and you make sure that to do it tomorrow. There's a thinking there's a thought process that I found in personal development that I actually I take issue with it makes sense for people that are lazy and don't take action it's not good advice for people like you and I. Yes, you know, if if you don't do it today, you're not going to do it tomorrow. Yeah, like did you ever heard that like if like if not today why then when you know if not today when like It's like, well, if you're somebody that actually has a track record, I had to realize I have a track record of actually doing the things when I plan and map them out by saying, I'm going to do it tomorrow, it's gonna get done tomorrow. Yeah, by saying you do it next week, it's gonna get done next week. So I don't need to put the undue pressure on myself that it has to get done today, simply because there's these meme quotes out there that say, you know, if not today, then when, and I was filtering, I was filtering the like meme language of personal development into my brain and putting on you guilt, pressure and stress on myself. To try me

[1130:16] Speaker 2: it's also it's also like unlearning the solopreneur hustle concept. There's a whole thing about hustling and I'm someone like me, that's not a good context, because I'm already wired that way.

[1134:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've been a big fan of of it have that myself. My mom isn't either of the whole like, hustle concept. Yeah. Yeah.

[1136:41] Speaker 2: Thank you so much, is really helpful.

[1137:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, making a plan of where I'm going, and then executing each day. And then looking at okay, what did I get done. But looking at it without emotion, or attaching my self worth, or feelings about myself to what I got done, what I've accomplished. And being able to look at it from that perspective. Now, I had a great it was very interesting than what came out of this as I actually because it was big, it was becoming an issue in our house, to where I couldn't do, like, I was just constantly grumpy for no reason. And I'm like, I gotta build the business, right? Yeah, that was funny. As I looked at some of my videos, it was coming across in my content, too. If you notice, like, I have this real, like sense of just like ease. Yeah, I have been the last couple of weeks is because something shifted in me out of this sort of place of like, okay, I need to do all this work and get it all done, to just okay, I'm gonna go through the process and enjoy the process each day, and just focus on what's the next task in front of me. What's the next thing in front of me, not the one that's 234 levels deep. But what's just right in front of me today to get done. And then if I didn't get it done, you know, that was something that happened. Last night, before bed, I had something, I would say I have a procrastination limit of about of about 10 to 11 days before, it really bothers me. And I had something it was an email that I was supposed to send out to somebody, it was not high priority, but it was kind of priority. It was like the lowest on my priority list. And it kept getting pushed down. And it was now day 10 of me pushing it down. And I literally laid down to go to bed. And I was like you didn't write that email. And I literally almost got up and wrote it at midnight last night. And I said, You know what? Nope. I'm gonna set my alarm an hour earlier to get up in the morning. And I'm gonna write that email and I got it done this morning. And I had so much more peace and ease, because I was able to prioritize taking care of myself, rather than getting things done. Okay. Yeah. Awesome. All right. Anybody else got any questions? Raising raising your hand? Anybody here? Like a lot of people got some some value from the training here. Which is good. Trying to see if there's any questions in the chat, Elizabeth. Hey, what's up Elizabeth?

[1183:19] Speaker 3: Hi, there, I jumped in late here. I've got houseguests and stuff. You know, if if I was gonna put this in the chat, though. I think I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing. You know, if for, for personal reasons, or financial reasons, or whatever reasons. Right now, we're not putting something out. In terms of a offer on Facebook, you know, building the landing page and all the things that are entailed in that the Facebook ads. I was going to ask what I mean, what I'm doing is just consistently sending out a newsletter and I'm thrilled because I'm getting better. You can do my posting. So I'm trying to think what can we be doing to be building if we're not doing that for whatever reasons that maybe

[1195:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can so like, you can be putting it organically on your social media. You can be sending it up to your existing list. You could reach out if you notice, somebody's commenting on a lot of your social media posts. You could DM that person you You know, that's, again, DMing is the I'm not a big fan of it. Because here's the problem when I DM somebody now that person expects to have access to get free coaching from me in the DMS. And so I don't really like that, because they get really disappointed when I don't provide free coaching. And they actually get really upset by that nine times out of 10, I've had people be really upset that I DM them at one time. And now I'm not providing them with free coaching. And so that's the only thing to be cautious about is having kind of an like, if you are going to go that route. Direct messages to people is kind of the way to not spend money on Facebook ads, because you're able to sort of get into their inbox and start a conversation with somebody. Okay, yeah, yeah. So but you just got to be, you just got to have good boundaries with that, if you're going to do that. I, I've gotten to a point where I've shifted to no DMing because we are having so much success with the advertising campaigns coming in that way. Now, the other side of things is take a look at to what are some ways that you could raise some funds to do your next test? What are some ways that we could raise some financial resource to be able to put an allocate and budget into the next Facebook ads test that you're doing to do and maybe like, start to get creative in that sense as well.

[1223:00] Speaker 3: Right. You know, what I'm also what the chat, what this has done for me in the chat too, is and I'm starting to able to tie my writing to offers like, I would just put my writing out there and not typing. And I have a business page. I don't know who reads it. But I did get a direct message from somebody that said, hey, you know, could you put your links to the books, your books? I never think oh, let's try them unauthorized books. She's uh, could you put some links that I wrote are actually a long DM? Well, probably too many links with all my all my offerings. And

[1232:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: the whole thing. There's not there's not much like in terms of like, in the mindset of it the difference? There's not much difference between a book and an online course. Right, I have both. And so and so a book is an offer, that you could then totally translate into virtual offers completely.

[1237:57] Speaker 3: Yeah. When I was writing my book on journaling, I don't know 1015 years ago, somebody said to me, why don't you make these small ebooks? Because there's, I just couldn't do it that putting that whole thing in chat GPT and letting it would be pretty interesting. But um, yeah,

[1242:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: the question that you asked about, can you copy and paste stuff the way that I showed? Yeah. So weirdly enough with those with the plugin, you can't, but the way around it is you can use there's a site called paste bin.com. And you can actually paste text into there, or you create, here's kind of a way that I would recommend doing it that's a little bit cleaner. Make a private, like website that only you know that URL to on your website, right and paste the text that you want it to copy to that page, and then copy that link into it in the chat, GBT. It's again, I don't know if it's going to always do this. But it seems to be able to read all of the content. And it goes far beyond the limitations of what you can actually paste into chat GBT when you do that, so that's kind of a, a game changer. I did a test where I, I had chat TPT create a scenario of a sort of a dystopian version of the future of humans versus AI. And this whole, there's just, I think that that stuff. I like the Terminator movies and all that it's scary to some people. I'm more of a nerd about some of that. But I was like, I wanted to see if I could use this web request thing to have chat. GPT read its own data and write a novel. That's an AI novel. And I've gotten three chapters into it. And it's incredible how it's doing this. And I'm literally just iterating the same output. So that's giving back into chat GPT to write the book,

[1265:03] Speaker 3: it sounds like I saw a video game or one of those games. But So my last question on this as though I'm still working on the free chat GPT upgraded to the forefront for which is limited and then the free one. Will that will those web apps work on the free ones are just not in

[1269:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: the free one. It's only in plus, because then you get the plugins. And so like there, there's all these plugins that they've they've created. And I'm amazed nobody's talking about the web request plugin. Those of you who are on here, like, did you know that only 14% of adults right now have even used chat GBT? And most people and only 20% of those that use it, use it for their work. Wow. And so that means less than like 3% of people know how to do what we show you how to do here. And so that's why it's a crate still like, Oh, everybody can use this. Yeah, but not very many are using it to its fullest. advantage to be able to create content and to be able to, to sell material to people. So the plugins features though are really cool. They have they have this one ask your PDF, you can upload a PDF document and have it read a PDF. It'll connect with Expedia, Zapier. And here's all of the plugins. There's like, there's over. I think, like 30 pages of plugins that you can get access to, that all connect to chat GBT and do crazy stuff.

[1290:08] Speaker 3: The funny thing is, and I have to hire somebody to help me figure out the plugin.

[1291:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's what that's what I'm here to help for. That's why I said the only one you really want to care about is web requests. Are you here? Okay. web requests, and then box script. Because this one does the YouTube transcripts. And then web requests does is whatever's on a webpage right here. But that was the that was like, the crazy thing is I was able to Oh, where is it? It's right here. Yeah, so this is like this is it like the novel thing that I was having it create, I'm able to actually copy this chat GPT link right here. And iterate it back into chat GPT by copying its own Lincoln and having it read the data on this page right here. So it's able to actually read its own outputs, and then sort of feed itself its own information, and improve upon it. So it's kind of

[1307:27] Speaker 3: the first AI collaborative human best selling new York times best.

[1308:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think there's a few people who've already done that. I know that. What's his name? The I think Reed Hoffman, did he use GPT? For the funny thing

[1312:24] Speaker 3: is I can tell when people's emails are GPT. There's certain way you'll start to be able to tell definitely, yeah, yes. But my last question, the chat GPD plus is the $20 a month one, right, right. Yeah. Because the little ones are, I can't even copy and paste in the little ones hardly anymore. So all right. Thank you. Yeah.

[1317:54] Speaker 4: All right. Sarita. Yes. Thank you. And thank you for today. Because I tell you, I was the beginning of your talk. I was one of those people that I was like, Okay, this thing for me. I was about to log off. But I'm glad I stayed because your explanation? Oh, yes. Absolutely applies to me. As I'm sure most of us, so thank you, because just going through the testing process, great reminder. So thank you for that. Yeah. My question is, as you were talking, initially, I was thinking, Well, you know, I work every single day on this business, I don't sleep. But then I thought that my issue was should cause us to wear strap. So I've always felt my issue with strategy. But you've just explained how taking the process and learning from everything that you do is so important. So my question is, as I'm thinking about, you know, niching down and struggling between narcissistic abuse and complex PTSD, where and I My question is, with choosing one over the other, does it make sense to choose something that people are more familiar with? Because they know narcissistic abuse? Or do I need to just educate them on what the other one is? Does that make sense?

[1341:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's part of that is, is I would I think doing both is important because really, they do go hand in hand, is as narcissistic abuse creates Complex PTSD. I've read like, I've read a ton of books on this topic myself. So I'm not like an expert at it, but I've just read a ton of books. They go hand in hand, so you can't really separate the two. But most people wouldn't they need to be educated on that fact. And so as well, we need to look at what are some of the symptoms that somebody who experiences this abuse or this what's actually stopping them from reaching their goals. One of the biggest ones is like if somebody feels like they just can't seem to make headway at anything that they try to accomplish in their life, maybe a sign that they have complex PTSD from, you know, and like literally, they don't even realize that that's what it is. That was my case. Five years ago, as I did not realize that I had si PTSD, absolute wrong experience. I'm seeing a lifetime of being mentored by a lot of narcissists. And thinking that that's actually how successful people are supposed to behave. I

[1364:20] Speaker 4: don't know what you're saying makes sense, in my experience, people who have complex PTSD will, my focus is a lot on attachment. So understanding how their early relationships set you up, right?

[1367:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So again, and this is where I'm starting to formulate this, this hypothesis on something that there's that there's a layer of like, free coaching. Yeah. And then like, people have to sort of filter through your coaching. And then that's not post coaching, but it's like during the coaching. And so like, they may not know what attachment is over here, they may not know what C PTSD is over here. And this is where even like in your webinar, you educate them on some of that language. Okay, you're training, and then it reveals to them, oh, wow, this is literally a problem I've been dealing with, because this, this, this, this, and this is what I am experiencing. And so now you're able to point them to Okay, we have a program that can help people just like you who have experienced this and gone through this. And then that's what filters through that way. And then this would actually be your webinar training, you're not really providing coaching in this, you're just reframing the way that they see what possibilities for themselves in your webinar.

[1388:47] Speaker 4: So this makes sense to me, though, but it's, it brings up a point you may in today's class about how some people like me, can we say, Hey, I'm great. And these are the things you need to know. So how do we kind of decipher between, like doing because you talked about the selling? And we talk about how we help people? Oh, yeah, you understand my question? So how do I just discern between the pre coaching? And the selling of this is how I help you? Does this make sense?

[1396:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, usually this is where you talk about what their experiences you. You I,

[1400:01] Speaker 4: like I'm talking about them and not about me.

[1400:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, you're, you're talking about them and the possibilities for them, what they've experienced. The only time you talk about you over here is just to validate your track record and experience makes it make so much people know that you're not just some random like lady who thought she can make money by taking advantage of victims of narcissistic abuse, right? Like, God, really, like there's some people out there that do that, which is really sad. Um, there are people that like so by you validating them, you know, this is my track record. I've helped people this my qualifications. That's where you talk about yourself, but then you bring it right back into what is their story? What are they experiencing? What are the possibilities for them? And then you start walking people through a process of self discovery. At that stage,

[1415:07] Speaker 4: thank you so much,

[1415:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: even when I'm coaching, like, the only time where I bring in about me, I guess, in this you can bring in about you as well, is if you need to create a connection to the fact that you understand what somebody's been through.

[1419:49] Speaker 4: That makes sense. That's what you do. So thank you.

[1420:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so I will talk about what like that I've actually struggled with this on the other side of it. Because otherwise it can sound like hey, I'm the guru on the mountain that has no problems, and I've never experienced what you're experiencing. And nobody wants to listen to or trust anybody who has that kind of error about them. Right. So, so that so that's where you bring your own stories into that is just so that people understand, hey, I, I get it. I've been there. I've struggled with that as well. Another time where I'll share stories is if like what I did with Denise is I didn't necessarily have a specific language for how to help her with her problem. But I identified how I solved that problem for myself by telling my story. And so in that she was able to then respond with how she received it and then I was able to get clear on how to help her.

[1436:31] Speaker 4: That makes a lot of sense. Thank you so much.

[1437:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. But I'll say this. You know, since we're all adults and grownups here The people you coach really like, like, oh, there's I need better language for this because like you guys care about me as a coach, but like you, you really care more about yourself getting results is why you're here to people you coach care more about what they can get out of the experience with you then like they care about you personally, is, is a big thing. The only reason why my mom has hundreds of people every single morning on her stocks call is because they can get money out of that versus yes, they like hearing from her and all that. But it's what can they get out of it. And so people, as much as we don't want to admit it, we're all in it for selfish reasons. And so your clients are all in it for their selfish reason of what can I get out of this? And oftentimes that triggers like in our own brain of like, well, I'm not selfish, I'm not doing that. Well. If you weren't, you wouldn't be here. And so if you weren't here to get a result to make money in a coaching business, you wouldn't be here. So that's not a bad thing to actually be selfish in that way, either.

[1457:16] Speaker 4: Thank you.

[1457:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. All right. Elizabeth's raising her hand one, one last question here.

[1459:58] Speaker 3: What's up, Elizabeth? I'm not I'm not sure. It's a question. I think I'm still deciphering which door I'm going through next with the storytelling because I, I've been a professional storyteller and actress all of that. And, you know, in my recent webinar, somebody wrote me and said, Wow, your stories were the best part of us. And my stories are usually elucidating something. But then I thought, Oh, my God, I talked too much about myself. But I've heard other people saying, oh, go back into storytelling, or come into your show or so it's like, I guess it depends what I'm offering. You know, because storytelling is a part of my work. And it's a part of how I help other people do their work, you know, telling their stories. Excuse me, sorry, hold on a second. So I, you know, when I, it's just sort of, sometimes I'm thinking maybe I'm just need to go back into storytelling and forget the industry or but I have things to teach. And it's the story that I feel for me, creates the bridge, and is the means through which people go oh, wow, I get it. Yeah. But also, then I'm like, you know, I'm in an industry that's like, don't talk about too much about yourself, oh, but tell your story. I think I'm getting my head too involved, and I just need to go with my heart. Yes,

[1482:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I agree. In that I would go with what feels right to you. That's more of a more of like a feeling instead of if we become so concerned with like, am I talking too much about myself or my sharing too much of my story, it sort of becomes too too rigid and unnatural. And so I think that that's where you have definitely more of an instinctual and intuitive sense of that. And I would lean more into telling more stories. The truth is

[1489:38] Speaker 3: that people don't, don't I don't think people put the value on it in the way that they put hard information, the heart information, and its major inspirations coming through the story. So when I go to put a fine, you know, monetary value on it, it's very, very hard.

[1495:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? So it's kind of a hybrid of that is the, what I've always noticed the best speakers and mentors. So like, Hey, I'm going to show you how to do this. But first, let me tell you a story. And then I go into the story that leads up to the information that they're going to teach somebody. So the story sort of frames the emotion behind the lesson. Does that make sense?

[1502:24] Speaker 3: Yeah, I think that makes sense for some people, but I'm also thinking about the times I've told pure story, and people come up to me later, and their entire lives change because I'm listening to a story. And they decided take different action based,

[1506:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. Yeah, yeah. Describe to me what that type of story looks like, Oh, you're talking about something like

[1507:28] Speaker 3: I told a story. I was in a doing a salon of my storytelling one day, and I was reading up from a book of mine at best story about my father, and his, his his death. And what happened? Yeah, and somebody went from that. And I think I might have mentioned it in the group. She was supposed to go, she was going to be, you know, helping me get work. And then she said, You know, I'm moving back to Ohio. And it's something you said that influenced me. She wanted to move for three years, but she somehow my story influenced her to move back to her home, her family what she wanted to do. And so it's those kinds of things that people go, Wow. Now, I'm going to do this because I heard you say that. Yeah. Again, the monetary value is like, you know, it's $15 to come see a show at that time, or $10. You know,

[1519:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. But if you frame it as a way to go after you're done means you can sell it for for $1,000

[1520:45] Speaker 3: That's what I've been doing. Yeah. Because then you

[1521:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: just tell the same story that you sold for 15 it actually works that's, um, my mom is really good at that she's that's a big part of how she always in her coaching, it was all story based like that is her own personal stories, I tend to be a little bit more informational, logical. But if like that's a natural ability of yours, I would lean more into doing that than Lois.

[1529:11] Speaker 3: Yeah, another ability that was just confused, like a friend of mine called me and she said, Oh, I have to do a talk. And I'm not sure how to and I literally within three minutes gave her three ideas that personally connected her life to the talk to the outcome. It's just like, I see storytelling. And someone said, that's a skill set you can sell. But alas, another

[1534:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing is, you can make a lot of money mentoring people on that right there.

[1536:30] Speaker 3: I'm very good at that. But I don't even know how to write that up in terms of helping people coach their speaking or their whatever they want.

[1538:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: So in that, I would look at some of the, the language of Pete Vargas, his sales letters a lot like that, to helping you put together your signature talk, putting together what your messages, your messaging, connect with people with your message, that type of language, you could, you can sell and you can make, you can make multiple, seven figures, packaging that for people to be able to motivate and influence people through the art of storytelling.

[1546:13] Speaker 3: Absolutely. Yeah, that's major. Okay. Thank you a lot of flutes.

[1547:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Yeah. Because essentially, what you're able to do is because I I'm not I use elements of storytelling, and I'll show you some of it. But I'm probably nowhere near where you're at with with that.

[1552:08] Speaker 3: But what's confusing is I don't have the steps. Like some guy said, Hey, can you come to our conference and yet, but he wants steps. And for me, it happens in literally the moment of listening to someone on a one on one basis. It's not like I have us because it's each person is different. Each person has a different.

[1557:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I get it. Yeah. Yeah, right. People ask me for steps. I found that the more I teach, like a, like a lot of people, the Steps Start to materialize. All right, because I'll notice patterns, but I really struggle putting like what I teach into steps for people. But I've been able to buy the more people who asked me questions, that's how I kind of came up with like the six steps for this business. And I, we've come up with even more like different steps for sales, copy, and developing some new chat GPT prompts that put stuff together. But it's like, it is different for everybody. And so I totally understand that.

[1569:48] Speaker 3: The good news is my energies here. I mean, I storytelling my energy source. So here's the direction I need to go into, again,

[1572:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: this might help you is the process of how you actually do it, is probably going to be different for everybody. The process of how I coach, everybody in this group is just a little bit different for each person. Like the process of how I interact with each person is different. It's not like a robotic, like, the way that I talk with everybody is the same. I'm more the more I get to like the more that you and I have talked, the more we can even vibe back and forth. And I know like, Okay, I understand how Elizabeth's brain works a little bit better than I did a couple of months ago. Right. So I'm able to help you more that way. But it's different for like when Sarita asked me a question or John or Michelle or, or set. But what I do is my landing page and my offers, as they bring the pattern of what is commonly the same across all of those people into there. And so identifying what are those patterns that people have, like you said, people ask you, how can I give a talk and and integrate storytelling into that. That's the language that you could use then to sell that to people. Now it might be unique for each person, but you could package it just from your presentation perspective. Again, that's kind of this right here, the whole before they end up coaching with you the language, this is going to be just kind of one message that attracts the people that you want to work with. Then you're going to help them understand how your process works. And then they come into your coaching with you and then that's where it's unique kind of for each each person. You will find the more people that you work with, you'll identify more patterns across those people and this will get a lot clearer, but just the one sentence that you said, um, I have people ask me, how do I, like?

[1602:01] Speaker 3: do how do I connect my life into what I want to tell them and make it more personal and, you know, it's sometimes it's without revealing too much or revealing the right you know, whatever their thing is, but that's one on one coaching. I wonder if I could do that in a group anyway? Yeah,

[1606:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: you totally could do that in the group. And I think you could build a zoom offer around what you just said right there. Or you could actually build an offer around what you just said.

[1610:07] Speaker 3: Gonna have to read listen to this, because what you said confused me what I have no idea what I just said. And I have no idea how to build a zoom off around it. But it's just a lot of food for thought. Any help out there about how to build a resume offer from the from the crowd is fine.

[1614:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, let me open let me pop this up in here in the chat GPT. I want to just try something here real quick.

[1617:51] Speaker 0: So we want to help people.

[1618:29] Speaker 3: Because I'm also a writer, and I've been a professional writer for my whole life. I just, you know, you, you. writer, actor, teacher, healer type is really what I am. So

[1622:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me see, people, this is how I would this is how I would turn this into a zoom offer. Is you because like you you said it in a way that was so perfect. I'm going to try to type this in here. People asked me how to ask me, How do I connect my life into what I want to tell them and make it more personal. And sometimes without revealing too much. And using storytelling to do so. Create a sales letter for a zoom webinar training about this and you don't have to fix your spelling, GBT can kind of figure it out even if you do or not. But if I just take that one sentence that you said, uncover the power of personal storytelling to inspire, connect and persuade. You ever feel like you're missing out on meaningful connections and opportunities because you're unable to express your life experiences effectively. Perhaps he wanted to share your personal journey without revealing too much, maybe you've been looking for ways to create impactful narrative that engage, inspire and drive your message home.

[1644:19] Speaker 3: So wow, or create a one woman show event which I've created multiple of them. Wow. Okay, this is cool.

[1646:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this could be like a webinar that you could do. And then I would kind of filter that through some of the different chat GPT prompts that we have to kind of dive deeper into like the outcome, the results and some of that,

[1650:43] Speaker 3: okay, it's pretty Of course, if you could send that to me, that would be great. I think, if anything, I've got too many webinars to give. So I'm gonna have to go meditate about this, because I have so many that I've done. And, you know, this is great, thank you.

[1655:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: These questions are really cool. I had chat GPT analyze our eight days from our offer Launchpad and come up with seven key questions to ask about the market.

[1658:48] Speaker 3: Yeah, I wish I could ask chat GPT which, which, which will have the most value in personally and professionally and monetarily? You know, of all these ideas? You can I have I have done that? They'll they'll they'll say something like, well, we're not equipped to do that. But based on our assessment, you know,

[1663:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, sometimes you got to ask it in a different way. Say, Oh, here's a fun way to use it for storytelling is you can say, Can you write a book about a consultant who's helping people assess what the best value is, and it will actually then start to write your response by you framing it in a fictional set setting.

[1668:33] Speaker 3: I've done that I That's crazy. Yeah. Oh my gosh, thank you. Yeah, if you could, like send this to me, that'd be cool. Yeah, so this is

[1672:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: just like a few of these different prompts. That we could go through here and then I want to just see what kind of output what it's going to generate.

[1674:23] Speaker 3: I need to really drill down to the marketing that because for me to create another webinar content, anything I do is my superpower. selling it, getting it you know out there. Landing Pages is where I'm because I promise I do do I even create another thing right now when I have five in the pipeline content I mean, I'm a content creator. I mean, I could get anybody to create. That's another superpower, I could help anybody Create a Course Content anything.

[1682:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And you can monetize showing people how to do that very easily. Um, I think all that says, Were those five ideas, those might merge into what your coaching program is. And then you want to figure out what's the overarching target client that needs the skill sets, and then attract those people into a webinar? Were you saying that you're going to reveal these sort of five superpowers to them?

[1689:27] Speaker 3: Okay, I'm going to ask them questions in the group about it, because there's too much information for me in my mind here. Yeah. And I have people coming in 15 minutes.

[1691:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, you're you're you're good. I

[1692:56] Speaker 3: you know, my, my guest today just went to the hospital because one of them's in great pain. And then I got two more guests coming any minute. This crazy out of squeezing decision. Yeah. Great. Great. Thank you so much.

[1697:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll send you the link to this. This chat. GPT thread right here. Yeah. My copy this link right here. I'm gonna put it in the chat.

[1700:08] Speaker 3: And the early stuff that you've done. Thank you so much. For me to go through appreciate it.

[1701:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's in the chat there for you. If you can grab that link, and then you can continue it in your own chat. She btw. With that. Tired of struggling how to weave your experiences into a conversation presentation or a sales pitch? Do you fear over sharing and crossing boundaries? That leaves you feeling like your stories are flat?

[1707:10] Speaker 3: Oh, my gosh. Well, this, but like you just sent me well, that include that last little bit? Yes. Wow. That's a superpower that we have Chet GPT.

[1710:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So that's why Yeah, filtering through the reason why we have a filter these types of questions in here. I don't really care much about what this says right here. It's used as training data for it to finally come up with this last line right here, that really starts to resonate, because it starts to create the type of emotional connection that we're actually looking for, for our offer.

[1717:08] Speaker 3: Exactly. Yeah, it got to it. Thank you. Gosh, I feel like I'm in a blizzard, male creativity. It's really,

[1720:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually, you know what, it doesn't look like it contains that part. So let me resend it to you

[1721:54] Speaker 3: again. I mean, in a lot of ways, you're the same industry, you have a different you're doing the same thing I'm doing but in a different way, if that makes sense.

[1724:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, totally. So that's where you can borrow from even some of the messaging of how I reach our, my clients, and just kind of translate that into how you help people. Yeah.

[1728:00] Speaker 3: Yeah, there's a lot here. Oh, my gosh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right.

[1728:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, hey, thanks, everybody. Today has been great. We're gonna do our actual our copywriting rewrite day on Thursday at 11am Central Time 12pm. Eastern Thursday, June 8, so I will see you guys then. Have a good one. Yes,

