CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-02-27T20:08:13.000Z
Duration: 107 min
Otter ID: BwZeVy_juI_I3-ARQvdj0dQ4hLo
---

[1:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Live in the Facebook group

[3:41] Speaker 0: to the CGA live training soon air go right

[10:36] Speaker 0: right here we go

[13:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome Welcome to The Live zoom. Welcome in the Facebook group. We're gonna let some people get on here live at 11 This is gonna be probably one of my most important trainings that I've done. So be interesting how many people actually watch it or attend, but I hope that people do live training today.

[24:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So couple things that I want to talk about in particular

[27:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: let a few people log on here is every time that I make a training or do a coaching, I'm always looking at, okay, how is this helping move the needle forward for people. And I think today's training is going to help move the needle forward for a lot more people a lot faster.

[37:24] Speaker 0: Because what I've noticed is that we have sort of a chicken in the egg type situation that's going on a little bit when it comes to in the coaching business, launching your offers. And I and I've and I've come to this realization this morning, while trying to map out and coming up with what I'm going to share with you I spent the last three hours really planning this session out. Because

[46:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want you to get results. I want everybody who's in the client growth accelerator to get results. And if you maybe received an email from me to watch the recording of today, I'm going to send this out to everybody because I think that this is sort of a pivotal training for this group to help accelerate everybody further to the next level. Okay, so obviously, we have some people that are still coming in right now I know we're two minutes past the start time of this. So I'm gonna I'm going to wait for a few people to come on here because I don't want anybody to miss this at all. I think that this is a this is going to be a very pivotal training for everybody who's on here. And it's it's a topic I've touched on, I've shared about and that I want to help empower everybody in this group to get results. That's my goal with this program is to get everybody results

[63:41] Speaker 0: as much as possible. Now, the best way that I could get you results is if you end up hiring me to write all your copy, have my team, build your landing pages, run your ads for you, and do all the work for you. But that's not practical. And I think that's outside of most everybody's budget is to is to have me do that. And so

[71:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: we can either whine and complain that that's not possible and then wait until Sunday when that's gonna happen. Or we can look at how can we take action? How can we move stuff forward? Now and I'm not going to repeat what's funny is you're going to notice today is probably going to be the first time you're going to hear me say something that I've never said before. That is not repeated because I really spent some time in prayer this morning. Just asking, really asking God and then deeping digging deep inside of my, my heart, as to how can I help this group get more results? How can I help this group get more results. And so what we have is I'm going to go into the training now is if you're able to go to Speaker view, you can see the whiteboard a little bit better. The issue that we have is we have a little bit of what's like, which came first the chicken or the egg, right. And this is in most people's coaching businesses is this scenario. And it's and it's a it's a loop that ends up happening is well, because we don't have a chicken we don't have an egg but because we don't have an egg we don't have a chicken. And and what ends up happening is and I noticed this is a problem with a with a lot of people over the years this has been an issue is what's the chicken and the egg for coaches? Well, the chicken and the egg for coaches for you guys is this. We're not promoting an offer. Because we don't know if we're gonna get sales. And so because we don't know, if we're gonna get sales, we're not going to promote the offer. But you can't get sales without promoting an offer. But you don't have money to promote an offer without sales. You see what I'm saying? So it's just like this chicken or the egg type thing. It's this loop of uncertainty. Because what ends up happening is because of a lack of certainty of, okay, if I just just go with me here, if I get people to show up on a webinar, on a zoom call on a training on a sales call, and I've invested money into my Facebook ads, or I've invested time into my social media, I've invested money into my offer, right? We want to make sure that that offer produces results. We don't want to run away Facebook bill, we don't want to have a credit card bill that's racking up and cost of spending money on ads. How many of you can can say you don't want to lose money when you're running your ads? Right? Nobody does. So how can you make sure you don't lose money when you run ads? Well, by knowing that you're gonna get sales. The problem is that because most coaches are, and this isn't a flaw in coaches, this is this is actually how they're designed. Because most coaches are intuitive. And they are focused on how can I help train and raise up and help other people with this information that I have. They're not a trained expert, Warrior, trained assassin salesperson, when they go out there, they're not like the best at sales, you might look at the idea of sales as something that is cringy. Something that is that is dirty, something that doesn't feel authentic, something that that you don't like, and because you haven't done sales, quote, unquote, when you go to promote your offer, there's an uncertainty about can I actually close these people to a sale. And so then this creates this loop in our minds of pause a block mentally, to where, you know, we know the six steps that we need to go through. And we have and we actually have five of the steps now in the members area that you can go through in the members area where I walk you through what to do at each stage of the steps. The course in the members area is one of the best courses that I've done so far, ever. Six steps to six figures as a coach. If you click on the little three lines right here, it will open up the menu and you can find the rest of the lessons we got finding your niche, writing your copy creating your funnel. Most people get stuck around here writing their copy creating their funnel and all this. And I actually believe and I came up with that. And I sort of came to this revelation this morning. Because of uncertainty of if I do all that work, is it going to produce a result and I hear that from people so often. They're they they won't create their landing page because they're not sure it's going to produce a result and and this isn't to be critical towards anybody. We have to have compassion for ourselves for this to realize what's actually kind of going on subconsciously. And so to get better at sales. This is sort of the the rub of the whole situation as you have to learn how to sell The better, you have to put yourself into sales situations to present better. So this training right here presenting and closing sales that I did, it's a 15 minute training, it's probably one of the best, most succinct trainings that I've done on how to sell and how to get people to close sales. And I'm not encouraging you to to use lies, manipulation, hype, untruths, unethical ways of reaching people and manipulating them into buying from you. Okay, so understand that and you actually came through my sales funnel. And so if you watch how I do sales, you know, that I'm coming from a place of how do we honor people? How do we show up with integrity? And you can actually watch how I do a sales pitch. One of the best ways for you to get better at sales is to actually watch somebody else do it. You can watch in the members area. There is a course in the members area. Where is it? Let me find it. Those three dots aren't moving it over. Oh, you know what, it's right here. The virtual event private vault, all of the virtual events, all the webinars that I've done, they're all right here that you can actually watch. And observe how I do the sales pitch. Day one starts with mindset. Day two, three, and four, is the practical aspects that we're giving to people. If we're doing a one day event like this, the first 33% is mindset. And you can watch at the end how I go into the sell the sale to sell people on the next step. The problem is, is again, the chicken and the egg, like I talked about, you're working through the six steps. When I see I think that stalls people from and this is more this is more intuitive. Like I don't actually, because I've been trying to get people to tell me this. And nobody has actually told me this. But I have a very strong sense that this is true, is that the reason why most people are struggling to write their sales copy to create their landing page and to actually launch with ads is because of the uncertainty of if I get people in front of me, can I actually close them as a sale? If I run ads to this landing page, if I do all this work and put it into a landing page, and I get people onto a zoom call with me. Can I actually get them to buy what I'm selling? And so that that internal question, that internal uncertainty, that internal risk of Yes. You may not close as many sales as you want. That internal because you haven't done it before, is stopping people from creating their landing pages and launching them. And so they get stuck on. Oh, how do I come up with the right colors? What's the right design? Well, what's my domain name? What's my because the brain is looking for things that can control human beings. When things feel outside of our control, look for things that we can control. COVID-19 was a great example of this. Toilet paper. Why was toilet paper sold out? When COVID launched? Because people around the world fell out of control by what was going on around them. So what was the one thing they could control their stock of toilet paper had nothing to do with solving the pandemic. But everybody bought toilet paper because it was something they could control. This happens with humans. All humans do this when we feel like things are outside of our control.

[230:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: When we feel like I don't know if I can make this workout this way. Our brain will look for things that we can control our domain name our colors, our landing page. Do we have the right photo? Well, no we don't. Okay, now I gotta wait six weeks to get a photo shoot. Okay, do I have the right is it the right course Okay, now I gotta wait 12 months to have my course done. And I meet people all the I I meet people. There's there's three people I have in mind. They're not they're not actually in this program. It's been 10 years since they've learned The stuff that I'm telling you right now. And you ask them, Where are you at in the process, I'm, I'm still figuring out what I'm going to do. I'm still figuring it out, what I'm going to do, and I and I, and I, my heart actually kind of aches for them. Because if they just launched with one or two of the ideas that they had, and that's the thing, this isn't me trying to be critical, or saying that anybody is, is bad or wrong for this, this is literally just how our brains operate as humans. When you go out to build a business, when you set out to build a business online, it will challenge every trigger that you have, it will challenge every belief that you have in this business specifically, there are other business models that won't. And it's funny because I could probably make a lot more money teaching a different business model to people. But I know that the impact that coaches have on people's lives when they get this stuff, when they understand when it starts to seep in, when you start to listen to the trainings, when you set aside some time, maybe you have it in your ear to listen to me, you don't always have to watch the recordings. You could have your cell phone and listen to me in your ear on the podcast. And on the different trainings that we're doing. Just today. We launched a podcast episode, specifically, about this topic right here. Fearless selling without cringe hype, or manipulation. That was the name of this week's podcast episode. And I break down for you what I believe is the best way to do that. When I sell I don't believe that there. And I asked my wife this yesterday said they, when I'm selling and presenting to people am I like IP and kind of cringe and manipulative? And she's like, No, I'd call you out on and if you were and I'm like, Okay, awesome. That's great. I'm confident that the way that I sell to people is not that okay. And so I break down to people, I break down for you in this episode that right there. In the members area as well. There's a course that I put together, not just the six figures course, but successful selling for people who struggle to sell. And here's what I believe. Here's what I believe, why am I talking about this? You might be thinking, well, Jeremiah, I don't even got my copy written yet. I don't even have my landing page yet. I don't even have that. It's the chicken in the egg. I believe that if you became more confident in your ability to sell, to close sales, to get people to buy from you that when they show up in front of you that you felt more confident and more in control of the situation. Because really, it is within your control. When you're doing a zoom call, when you're doing a zoom presentation. I'm doing one here coming up. Next week. It's the launch your six figure group coaching three hours zoom seminar. I'm basically taking my five day and I'm trying it out as a three hour webinar by itself. I'm doing it on an afternoon to a completely different time. And so I have control over what I say during those three hours. And what I say during those three hours, is strategically designed to get people to have trust with me to believe in our system to believe that they can do it to believe that it is possible for them to make 20 to $40,000 a month in a coaching business during those three hours. And then I make a presentation to those people to purchase and buy into a coaching program. Okay, so I have control over that moment in time in our webinar in our virtual training. Okay, as well in the members area. virtual event playbook. See I've been spending time through the last month dialing in. What do you say during your event? Lessons? Five, six and seven. If you're somebody who's struggling, you're saying I just don't know what I'm going to say in my event. I just don't know. If I can actually close people to buy from me. There's two things, two things. Go through the training. Go through the training I break it down in a way that's easy to follow. That will teach you the things to do. But there's a there's a, there's a a Asterix next to that. And this is the real Asterix. As to what I wanted to talk about today. It's the chicken in the egg situation, right? Without knowing if we can close sales, we become hesitant to promote our business. Once we have more confidence in our ability to close sales, like if you knew that you could close sales left and right, every single time that you ran Facebook ads, you'd be throwing as much money at Facebook ads is possible, right? Like every single one of you would. And so I think that a, you're not going to get that certainty without actually doing the process. And that is the Asterix to this. You get better at sales by actually doing it. It's like a sport. It's like working out. It's like it's it's a form of communication. It's kind of like acting even. It's kind of like when you watch an actor on a movie. And how many of you have seen like, low budget films, right? How many of you seen low budget films, and it's kind of cringy as to how inauthentic it feels. And it just it doesn't feel right? That that's how an amateur comes across when when they sell. And now Now you might say well, Jeremiah, you just let me down. Now I just feel no confidence, I have no confidence, I'm going to be this amateur that nobody's gonna want to listen to. That's that's not what I'm saying. If you follow through the the training that we have, it's going to elevate you to the level where you're you're going to be in the top 10% of people that do sales presentations, what you will actually say will be in the top 10%. And the way that we've designed it is to weed out the people that are not a good fit for you. There it there is a truth to one thing. No matter how good you do a sales pitch, you're gonna have haters, you're gonna have some mean rude people, they're gonna write you they're gonna comment, they're gonna say things, they're gonna pick you apart. And so that's one of the biggest reasons why growing some thicker skin to the point that, like, the words that these people say, they don't have an effect on you. I was somebody that anytime people would say something negative to me, and I still struggled with this even this year. I'm this is one of the number one areas that I'm growing in personally, is that when people say nasty things to me, that it doesn't derail me. And so I'm somebody who's saying that I've gotten derailed by people that say nasty things. And it's been an area that I that I've spent time with my therapists that I spent time just in personal reflection, to grow and to say, How can I grow some thicker skin, to where I do not feel terrified of other people's opinions. And I'm going to talk about that here in a second. As well I reference this book all the time. And I was just listening to it this morning. A few of the things that you need to do when you're selling. If you want to skip ahead a couple of chapters and just get to the kind of the meat and potatoes of the tactics in this book. Starting at chapter 10. The straight line prospecting you're you're a sifter, not an alchemist, you're not trying to turn water into wine, you're not trying to turn water into gold. You're trying to find the gold that's already there. So keep that in mind. You're not trying to convert anybody to your side. That's something to really understand.

[387:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: You do want to somewhat follow a framework of how you say things and I explained that framework in the virtual event playbook. The first 33% of what you're teaching is going to be mindset and vision, reminding people of what they bought into reminding people of what they registered for. The middle portion is where you go over the practical aspects of what you promised in your webinar. And then you sell people what you have to offer that is the next step for them at the end of it. That's how webinar based sales works. Because you're not having a dialogue back and forth with people you're speaking to a group of people. And you're gonna get better at doing this by doing the process by actually showing up and doing the process, what two of the biggest things that make the most difference when you're selling your tonality of your voice, and your body language. One simple tweak that will literally change your Facebook ads, and your webinars, open your body up a little bit like physically with your arms. When you're talking, you don't want to be like this. Because this comes across as protecting yourself, this comes across as I don't believe in myself, this comes across as I am not confident, and I'm hiding my true form from you. And people will read that and subconsciously they read that. And so having your body more open and practicing speaking in a more open tone like this, and then focusing on managing your state of mind and your energy to where you are excited to where you are so grateful that they're on there to where you're excited to share with people an opportunity to reach those goals that they have. You don't want to lie to people you don't want to overhype, anything, you don't want anything that is untrue to be told. But you do want to tell the truth. Well, let me explain to you what that means by telling the truth? Well, there's two ways that I can tell you about the coaching program here. Client growth accelerator is where we're helping coaches make 20 to $40,000 a month, we have people getting results within 60 days, when they come in. It's one of the best opportunities that exists for coaches and mentors to start to make the kind of money that's possible for them. That's the truth well told about the client growth accelerator. You want to know what most people do when they are selling when they would talk about their sales pitch? Well, it's a program that we walk people through what to do, and we tell them you know, stuff that will, will might or might not work. Hope you buy it. And so you see the difference in how I said it the first time. This is one of the best opportunity. This is how I said it the first time this is the truth well told, this is one of the best opportunities for you to reach your goals as a coach online. See, I have conviction in my voice. Because of the testimonies and case studies that we've gotten for this program. I have certainty in my voice. I believe in what I'm selling, I believe in what I'm offering. If I say yeah, you know, it's it might be something you might like, I don't know, could work for you might not probably well. Is that true? Absolutely. But it reeks of insecurity. If I talk that way, it reeks of unbelief. It reeks of, I have no conviction about what I'm selling. And you shouldn't believe in what I'm selling either. Because that's what ends up happening when you do a webinar. The goal is you're you're mirroring and in the beginning part to build trust, you're mirroring the energy of your prospect. As you go along and trust is built, then your goal is for them to actually mirror your energy and certainty you end up imparting to people the belief in the end result. And so if you don't have belief in what you're actually offering people or you're timid or you're scared or you're you're tiptoeing around the point, you don't want to sound too abrasive, you don't want to sound like one of those people. It's going to come across that you don't believe in what the heck you're offering and you want to know what people interpret that as scam. Con artist, liar, cheat thief, even if you're telling the truth, even if you're a person of integrity, when you speak with a tonality and an energy that is insecure. People's BS meter interprets that as this is not somebody I should trust. This is not somebody I should work with. Because people have a sort of expectation about people they trust and experts and, and and this is one unique area that I will say your mind mindset has to do with this. I've met people to where they are physically incapable of speaking with confidence. Because they've been beaten down so much and told they're not good enough, told they're not worth anything, told they're worthless. Or they've had somebody that's tried to beat them with logic, and actually convinced them that the truth well told, is unethical. That they have to speak in just flat, logical, unemotional terms, like a mathematician or an accountant, with no with no excitement. And that that's the only ethical way to communicate with people. I actually had that beaten into me for years, from the friends that I was around from people that I were around, see, everything that I'm sharing with you is stuff that I've had to overcome. Stuff that if you had talked to me four or five years ago, I was just learning about this. I had people I would get them on a sales call. And they would literally tell me, Jeremiah, you are the biggest load of bullshit liar I have ever met, and you should be in jail. And I was telling them the truth about what I could produce in their business. And I would say, Why don't you believe me? And there'll be and here's what they would say. Because if you actually could produce those results, you wouldn't sound like somebody who can't. And that's what's funny. People are judgmental, prospects are judgmental. This is a whole other topic about should they be and is that kind. And if people experienced trauma and stuff like that, honestly, the reason why I was projecting that insecurity was my trauma was my my internal pain and lack of belief. That's why working with a therapist was actually the number one thing that increased my income. Because I was no longer trying to defend myself and convince anybody that they needed to listen to me. I wasn't coming from a place of thinking that everybody was going to think bad of me all the time. For years, I spent in my life, trying to prove to everybody that I was a good person. And I was doing good. See, that's the thing, hear me out, hear me out. I wasn't doing bad stuff. But I had people in my life that were constantly tearing me down, ripping me down, telling me that I wasn't good enough. And I ended up believing the story that they tried to beat into my brain. And so that when I would go into the sales interaction, when I would go and try to sell and present, that's the energy that was coming across is somebody who is just trying to find love and validation from others. Somebody who is just trying to find approval from other people. And so I had to learn, okay, the tonality and how I taught is coming across that way, I started recording how I would do sales pitches and going over them and looking at okay, if if I had heard myself do this sales pitch, would I believe myself? No. Okay. Why is my tone of voice like that? You can either record yourself or you can roleplay it play with somebody. But you're gonna get better at sales? By working on two things. One, what's going on up here? What is that internal dialogue? See, back in the day, when I would sell, I would have 100 voices telling me I was not good enough. And I was constantly trying to validate myself to them. Now, I don't have any of those voices up here. When I'm teaching when I'm talking when I'm communicating, I don't have any negative voices up here.

[545:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I imagine one thing and one thing only that when I'm selling, and that when I'm teaching, but mostly when I'm selling that I am and I am assuming there's a buzzword that might trigger you making an assumption. When I'm making my webinar, I am assuming that I'm speaking to somebody who loves me. I am assuming that I'm speaking to an audience that respects me. Now, sometimes I come in and I say listen, if you're not resonating with this, you think I'm a load of crap. You think I'm just the worst person in the world. Please leave. You're probably not gonna hear anything else Good. Come out of my mouth at this point. And, and I'll get 2030 people end up logging off the training because they're like, great, he gave me permission to leave I can Can't stand his guts. And that's the thing, there are going to be people that are going to listen to you, that can't stand your guts when you're selling, if you can show up and learn to manage your state, and manage your emotions and and, and learn to, to not let the voice of critics not let the voice of the critical nature in your own brain, try to convince you that you're not good enough.

[569:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can show up with far more confidence. I've said this 100 times, and I'll say it again, the level of income that you can make is directly related to your level of self esteem and self belief. If you don't believe in yourself, and you don't believe in what you're offering, that's an area to work on. And by the way, that has nothing to do with your performance. That has nothing to do with you accomplishing anything. I see. I had accomplished incredible things. I had built multiple, eight figure coaching businesses, not sure how much more I needed to accomplish, to have confidence in that. And I'm telling you that I was coming to the table with no confidence because I had no self esteem. And I was telling people, yeah, I know how to build an eight figure coaching business. I don't do this people are like you try tell them that lie to somebody that you can actually pull the hoodwink over Jeremiah, that's what people were telling me. They're like, you could do that. What, whatever, you're smoking, Jeremiah, you should give me a piece of that. That's what people were telling me when I was selling to them. Because I was coming across as somebody that shouldn't be trusted. The words I was saying was fine. But my energy, my emotions, my tonality, and my body language all read the exact opposite of what was coming out of my mouth. And so I had to train myself, okay. What's the body language of somebody that's really good at sales? What's the tonality? What kind of energy do they have? So I started watching webinars from other marketers, watching sales pitches from other confident people talking to and asking questions that people that I know that are more confident, when they sell. They all said the same thing. You can't worry about what anybody is going to think about you. You just have to show up with boldness and confidence. And you just have to show up believing that you are bringing people an opportunity that's going to make their life better. Now, what do you actually say? Right, your your, what do you actually say that's going to get people to think that? Well, that's what that's what's covered in again, the virtual event playbook. What do you say right here. I also cover in successful selling for people who struggle to sell right here. This book, The Way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort will help you get better at that. As well as in the six steps to six figures as a coach. The lesson on presenting and closing sales right here

[617:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: and the new podcast episode that I put up, so there's resources for you to learn the aspects of selling. Now, here's the thing, and I, I truly and maybe I'll need to dive into this. If there's trainings that I have that I've offered that can help you and do that, and you don't go through those trainings, that might be an area for you to explore. Okay, why is it so hard for me to find 30 minutes to listen to a training from Jeremiah, but I can schedule it in when it's a live training, where I can schedule it. And when he sends me something and says that it's really good. So that's an area of self governance, an area of self discipline, and discipline will pay you so much more money than you ever could imagine. Having the self discipline to do the hard things. And so just start with one of those trainings. Well, which one should I start with? Just pick one of them? The podcast episode that I just did is probably a good starting place for you and start to go through those and learn how to get better at selling but you're then going to have to make a decision that I'm that I need to actually get in front of some people and sell to them that I need to ask Truly promote an offer, go through the six steps, do a live zoom call and make a presentation. I want to ask you a harsh question. And it's a question for you to explore if you made a presentation, and I've asked this in my one on one coaching clients and unlock and unlock something in them, so please pay attention to this. If you're if you're listening to me, if you're watching, this is probably this is something very important for you to pay attention to, that I'm about to say. I want you to answer this for yourself. You don't need to answer to the comments. If you want to answer in the chat you can. This one question is probably going to unlock something powerful for you. I want you to just imagine that you spent $2,000, on Facebook ads, or $200, on Facebook ads, or $50, whatever it is, whatever your budget is, that part doesn't matter. And you launch a campaign, I want you to visualize yourself in this. And you launch a campaign. And you do the Zoom presentation. And it totally bombs, and you make no sales. And you lost that money on the Facebook ads. Now I want you to feel were in your body that feels uncomfortable, and what meaning you associate with that feeling. And in your own time, journal or write down where you first felt that in your body, where you first had that feeling where you had somebody first tell you that meaning right there. So I want you to think about this. If you can explore in a hypothetical setting, the worst case scenario, your worst fear, we launched a campaign if bombs, it makes no money. How does that feel? What what, what fear is really sitting behind that? What would that mean about you? What would happen to you? Okay, now I want you to flip it. pause that. And I want you to think about if you ran a campaign, you spent $1,200 on Facebook ads, your first webinar, by the way, our client, Dr. Shawn deep just did this. He ran a webinar $1,200 in Facebook ads, and it brought in $12,000 in sales, your first time out? How would that feel for you? And so I want you to identify, even if you plot this out on a piece of paper. Okay, so this is zero, this is where you make no money. How does that feel? Being at a low? And then this is where maybe you made $12,000 off of your first campaign? How does that feel? For you to make that much. So what this is that we've identified here, and I do this all the time myself. This is your emotional range. Your emotional range is, this is your low that you're trying to avoid. And for most of you, you hardly ever go here. Because it's so painful. You need to get to the point where even when this happens, and this is a place of having a growth mindset, this is not to be critical of you. If this isn't you and this might take some time for you to get to this place is if things fail. Getting to the place where it does not negatively affect you emotionally, physically, mentally, or in the process of your business, that a failed campaign won't send you into a pit of despair. For most people, it would and that's why they avoid even the potential of a failed campaign. And so understanding your own internal behavior, taking a look at internally, what am I really trying to avoid? happening because that's what it is. We're really trying to avoid this catastrophize version of the worst case scenario. You know, we ran a campaign with with Rick Pino that ended up losing $40,000 in ADS. The next month, he made a half a million dollars in sales. That $40,000 Well that sounds difficult propelled him, then very next month to 10x that because it wasn't, it didn't put him into a pit of despair and depression, and self punishment, and self doubt and self hatred and unbelief. Maybe you feel accountable to your friends and family, maybe you have a spouse that will abuse you, I'm sorry, if that's your situation. And if that is the case, you you may need to get some help in that area, if you're trying to avoid being abused by other people, but most of us abuse ourselves more than others, when we make when we fail, when we don't reach our goals. And so when you go through the six steps, you're trying to avoid this feeling right here. And this is what prevents people from promoting their offer is they don't want the potential loss from things not working out optimally. When truthfully, the possible outcome is way greater. And the average outcome is actually not as bad as that most of the people who are in this program that are launching their offers, they're not like losing all their money, they're usually breaking even that will be a failed campaign, your goal is at least break even. And then you can start to iterate and you can start to adjust your copy, change your landing page, see, what do we have to tweak, but you're not going to have anything to do that with if you're not launching, you're not putting yourself out there, and you're not getting sales. So this is one of the number one things take a look at. What am I trying to avoid by not promoting my offer? What future catastrophe of feeling emotion situation am I trying to avoid? By not promoting my offer. And when you come to grips with that, and you actually expose yourself to the very thing that you're running away from, you start to realize that it's not as big as it seems. It's not as big as it seems. And if it does seem so big, that's where you can work with a professional, or therapist, somebody to help you through and realize it's not as big as it seems. It's not as big of a problem as it seems. For things to not work out perfectly. The way you're gonna get better at sales is by selling is by actually promoting offers, and getting people to buy from you. Now there's something that I've been studying the last week, I'm going to end this training with this as well is I have been reading the last week and it's aside from that, aside from the Bible, it's probably one of my favorite writings.

[767:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: My favorite books is the meditations of Marcus Aurelius. And the daily stoic by Ryan Holiday. Now there's a lot of misconception as to what stoicism is. A lot of people think stoicism is to be an asshole jerk that has no emotions, and to just f people over for your own selfish gain. And unfortunately, whenever I've presented this to people, they shut their brain down because that's the preconceived notion of what they think I'm telling them about. So I am going to tell you that my mom and I have been talking about this. She has been reading this book as well and has been studying this as well. The idea behind the meditations of Marcus Aurelius and stoicism is that you are not moved by negative situations. That when things like this happen, that it doesn't derail you, from the overall and overarching goal, Marcus Aurelius was the Roman emperor, and 8161 and 180. Now sure, did he do some terrible things? I'm pretty sure he killed his wife. But these are his writings from his journal, about being a leader of the Roman Empire. Okay. And, and in that those writings, he talks about one of the very first passages and meditations when you go out into the world, you're going to be interacting with people that are rude, and mean, and they're going to come for your head. Don't expect otherwise, realize that they don't even know what they're doing. And stay the course and be a good man. Be a good woman. It's written at from a man but it's for women. It's also you can apply it to for yourself. For me personally reading through Are these writings, it gives me so much confidence in perseverance, and living a life of integrity, living a life of honesty, and living a life ethically to where I'm not afraid of, is everything gonna go my way, as a Roman emperor, he was going to battle and, and, and meeting with the Senate, and, and doing all these things that are difficult situations. And what he writes down in the meditations as how he was able to manage his own emotions, and be resilient and not be tossed to and fro by every little feeling that he has. And so what I like to do is not everything is in it, that I apply it, I take it with a grain of salt, but I apply, I take a look at okay. Learning that just because I fail, doesn't mean I'm a failure. Programming my brain that just because things are outside of my control doesn't mean that it's the end of my life. Just because something is hard, doesn't mean that I am completely devastated. You know, it's difficult to get up and create content, and to coach when you're only sleeping four to six hours a night with a newborn. And so by reading this, this has actually given me a lot of mental clarity in saying, You know what, it's not that I have to do these things, but I get to do them. And it's an honor to show up every single day to serve my audience. And you can take this whether you like it or not, I know not everybody resonates with this type of writing. But I know that it's really helped me a lot by reading through the daily stoic, this book by Ryan Holiday taking the writings of Seneca, Epictetus and Marcus Aurelius, as well as the meditations of Marcus Aurelius. And I recommend it to anybody, as well. So I'm going to take some questions here now, on this, I really, truly want everybody who's in this program, to become great salespeople to go out there. And it is a battle when you are selling, it is a battle, you are going to war with yourself with people's opinions. And you stay firm, you stand firm, and you stand confident in yourself and what you're doing, and what you're presenting. And you don't get tossed to or fro by those fears, by those worries by those feelings that tell you, I'm not good enough. And when you come from that foundation, it's so much more powerful. Proverbs eat.

[847:04] Speaker 1: Thank you so much, Jeremiah, that was really, really amazing. I really appreciate it. I just wanted to give you one thing for the group, which I think just right in line, what you're talking about. And this is a quote from Napoleon Hill, and he just threw it into the group. But it's something that one of my coaches has us do or suggest for us to do every day, is to say this to ourselves, right, and I'll give you the first part of it. First, I know that I have the ability to achieve the object of my definite purpose in life. Therefore, I demand in myself persistent, consistent action towards the attainment and to hear it now promise to render such action and then it goes through it. But if you say this to yourself, about the promise you're creating to yourself, and this comes from thinking Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill. Great book. Yeah, it's a great book. And if you go to the second paragraph, I'll just point that out really quickly. It says, I realized that dominating thoughts of my mind will eventually reproduced themselves in outward physical action, and gradually transform themselves into physical reality. Therefore, I will concentrate my thoughts for 30 minutes daily upon the task of thinking of the person I intend to become thereby creating in my mind a clear mental picture of that person. Yes, there I know through principle of autosuggestion any desire that I persistently hold in my mind will eventually seek expression through some practical means of attaining object back of it. Therefore, I will devote 10 minutes daily to demanding of myself the development of self confidence. For the left, clear written down a description of my definite chief aim in life, and then it goes into fifth, I don't want to read the entire thing because I'll take too long, I fully realized that no wealth or possession a position can long endure unless built upon truth and justice. Therefore, I will engage in no transaction which does not benefit all with whom it affects meaning like I will be giving positive that so if you say this to yourself, and really believe it, and you do it Every single morning, oh, my gosh, he's memorized the entire thing. So he says it verbatim word for Billy. And he actually goes on Instagram every day, which I think is amazing. But he, he really believes it. He says it in such conviction and such meaning and such feeling that

[885:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's so important. There's two sides to this, you don't want to focus all your energy on, like, what is the negative that I'm trying to avoid? That's a therapeutic approach. That's the therapeutic approach to find what is the fear that I'm trying to avoid? Then you want to flip it to where you actually are focusing on? What is the most positive outcome that I could see for myself? And then your brain will start to question well, that's not reality, that could never happen. And you could start to say, Okay, why am I saying that? About this? Why is my brain literally trying to slap me in the face every time I imagined good things?

[894:19] Speaker 1: That's right. And if you do affirmations, such as this one, this, this is a really strong affirmation, because it's clear direction. And the other thing he does every morning, he does a to do list and his two deals of his like, goals, his priorities, but it's also his gratitudes. So he does this every single morning, not necessarily in the night. He does, or you could do it. And I do but he does every morning, for sure. And he writes it out, even though he wrote it out the day before. Because what you focus on expands? Yes. So if you don't focus on your goals, your mind is going to focus on everything else in the world.

[903:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you know, it's funny to project so I've had a number I've had so many people over the years, tell me to to not even talk about the stuff that you're talking about right now. Because they get so nauseated that every coach only ever talks about mindset. But it's true. That mindset is actually the very thing that actually managing your thoughts, focusing on what is your intention of what you're going after is so important. Everybody's looking for the practical, step by step that's in the members area, you get the practical step by step in there. Yeah, what's stopping people from actually executing? Is this stuff right here that you're talking about?

[914:49] Speaker 1: 100? Well, it's it's the reality is our beliefs become become our thoughts become our beliefs. And those beliefs become what we do or don't do, right? Like that is the really, right, whatever we're thinking becomes our belief pattern. Because we believe a certain thing, we either believe it's true or not true. And because of that belief, we choose to do things or not do things. And if we don't stop it at the thought, which means we change our thoughts and our thought patterns, and we don't hold ourselves, you know, accountable to a certain extent about well, you know, am I thinking what am I thinking? Then that's what determines, or, you know, our results, but I wanted to say this, too. So this is where my question comes up for you, which is this. So I went through your trainings, you've been phenomenal. Let me just tell you my relationship to Chad GBT and my relationship to like, you know, becoming better on the copy as, like lightyears ahead now. Yeah. Well, we did that two day training, we I think it was six hours a day or whatever. It was amazing. And you went like, literally, I started to get to see your technique. I was kind of, it's reminiscent of your mom teaching me copywriting itself. Yeah, literally, because I started to understand that beam pattern. So here's the question, and this is what great, I get this, which is the template which is like, what are the main things like, you know, guarantees, and so forth? What am I trying to say? Right? And so making sure that it's there, making sure that my feeling is there in the copy, right? Like, what you were talking about my feeling of why this is so important for you to get this because it's going to change your life. And then at some point, because one of the things you always at the end of when we did it, you know, when you rewrote it, and you and you put it out and you put the copy together, you said Oh, but it's getting there. And I guess the question I always have now is, is it there? Or will we ever know if it's there unless we send it out? Because at the end of the day, it's never know

[944:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: without sending it out? Right? You'll never know without sending it out. You'll never know if it's there by just doing it. Because the the marketplace is what tells you the marketplace meaning Facebook, Instagram, people actually signing up for your offer is what's gonna tell you if it's there or not. There's no litmus test, there's no filter, there's no, there's no, like, you know, there's no answer guide. There's no teachers manual that says, Okay, these are the right words that are going to produce results because you're speaking to humans, and humans physical and humans are unpredictable. And humans change their goals every three to six months.

[956:04] Speaker 1: And I think and this is where I was with your mom when I wrote copy back then and no, I have not stopped writing. But it has always been I've done my best. Yeah, because back then we didn't have the technology on us. Right. So before I learned what I learned from your mom, and I I said, this seems great, good enough for me because I feel like I've learned this good enough. And I'll tell you, I would put it out. And I would immediately start getting sales. Literally, I would write emails and within minutes, minutes, 10 minutes, I would have $1,500 in my bank account. Yeah, seriously, like with it. And that was what your mom taught me. And because we didn't have this little bit of this, you know, the, we didn't have the technology, we didn't have aI back then. Right? So we didn't have any of this stuff. So I just felt okay, well, I've done my best, there's no way to get any better. So it was very easy for me to be like, I'll just put it out there, then because it's not going to get any better. And I don't know anybody's

[969:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: producing the result you want, you don't need to tweak it as much like, once it reaches a certain level of a result feel confident than the fact that that's working until it stops working.

[972:34] Speaker 1: And I think the only thing is like now I'm like, oh, but it could be better, because AI could probably make it a little bit more better, you know, and that. And that's the, that's the little thing that's playing in my brain. And the way it gets better

[975:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: though, is by the feedback that you get from people's questions, and what they're actually telling you that they're struggling with that they're dealing with a huge factor that like and it takes, it takes me almost 10 to 15 people saying it to me before it finally, I see it as something that I need to apply to my copy. One of the biggest things that I'm starting to see is people want to know the technique of what order do you put everything in on the landing page and things like that? And how is that all structured for a funnel that actually works that way? And then how do you structure a sales pitch that way? And I

[984:15] Speaker 1: think that's just the template, right? And I don't know if you've provided it to them or anything, because I have one before I think from your mom to be frankly, honest with you. And I just use this exact same template, whether you're doing a live sales pitch, or if you're doing the sales page, it's the same time. And so I just use the same template. It's a one pager, I kid you not it's it's made me millions of dollars.

[989:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's your question, though, right now? Oh,

[990:20] Speaker 1: that was that was my question. You answered it just now. Okay, the question. That was my question was like, you know, so you got it. Thank you so much. I'm done.

[992:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no worries. You're good. All right, Wendy, Wendy Lopez.

[994:38] Speaker 2: Okay, so everything that you were talking about with the sales solely resonates with the mindset, since I do mindset coaching yourself. One of the things I wanted to get your perspective on, so I used to kill it with inside sales, I would go and reach well beyond my goals. And I would hit the marker all the time. But when I do outside sales, which this is what I feel what I'm doing is outside sales. It's different. And I don't think I've quite understand the connection to it. So can you tell me why inside sales?

[1004:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I feel like okay, the reason why inside sales is easier for you is because the trust was already built with the prospect before you talk to them. Right? Oh, so so when you're going outside, you're starting with somebody who literally has zero trust in you. So yeah. And and Elizabeth's asking, What do you mean inside versus outside sales. So what AI is internally, like if you have sales leads that are coming to you from a company, those people are already hot prospects that already trust, and they're ready to take action. So you're able to close those sales. Now, when you use the right sales copy, you can start to identify who is a hot prospect who is the right prospect, every time that I launch an offer around like launching your group coaching and doing stuff like that. It's far more qualified. So it's a warm prospect versus a cold prospect, exactly. A cold prospect that's outside, you have to pull them in and essentially say, Hey, how you doing? Like, you have no reason to trust me. But I'm going to hopefully build your trust, gain your trust. And I'm going to show you an opportunity that's going to that's going to solve your your goals for you. And so that's this was one of the biggest things that we struggled with. When I was working with Rick Pino I had told him is, he could sell a lot to people that had known him in the music industry. As soon as he went outside of that space, tons of negativity, and nobody would buy from him. And so and so I said, Well, you haven't built or nurtured trust with those people. Now truthfully, he he said, Well, I don't really want to. And so I'm just gonna focus on the ones that trust because he didn't have to he already had kind of an audience that didn't trust them. The one thing that we do, though, like with my mom, for instance, she just did a webinar 1000 people were on their brand new people. She even said, Hey, I'm so honored that you came here today to listen to me. You have no reason to trust me. And I'm so thankful and grateful that you're here and gave me the opportunity to share with you because you're approaching it from an angle. You don't know who I am. And there is no reason for you to trust a single word that I have to say.

[1039:18] Speaker 2: I love that right because I'm all about out honesty and yeah, like you said, there's that I've built that relationship with inside sales and there isn't. But if I come forth, right, kind of taking the elephant out of the room, yeah. And allowing me to be me

[1043:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: and telling them listen, like, you know, I get it, you have no reason to trust me. But hopefully I can build that trust with you and show you what it's like to work with me. And I think that that's a that's a great way that you can show that and demonstrate that with and without saying it is oftentimes that's also why I'm trying to qualify who is the right prospect and who's not.

[1048:34] Speaker 2: Right. Okay. All right. And it's been hard for me to identify because I'm such a feeler. So if I like a coach, you know, like I said, with you, I heard you the first day and it's like, boom, you know, I know, I'm gonna sign up and work with you. Right? Yeah. But not a lot of people work that way. Yeah, you know, I

[1053:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: think in coaching more people do, they are going to get a vibe with you. And I think that that comes from you being the same as you are when you're in the coaching environment as you are when you're selling and, and really not trying to get people to like you. But rather, that's why I say the Self confidence is so powerful, because they can either like you or dislike you, the ones that really like you are gonna resonate, and they're gonna get that feeling from you. Right, okay, beautiful. Thank you. Yeah, Elizabeth had asked about a template for the landing pages, that's what is covered in the funnel building Made Easy course. And step number, I believe three of the six steps to six figures, the template is the same for any of the landing pages that we do. If you look at any of my landing pages, they follow this same template over you have the headline, you have the graphic at the top, if we just pull up one of the landing pages here on my website. We have the headline text, we have the title, we have the storyline, we have a picture right here. This is now this is extra copy that I came up with, you don't need to have all of that. Now we have a second segment about who I am, what they're going to learn. And then we go into case studies, testimonies, and a call to action to register and sign up. And so that template is on every single landing page offer that that that we produce that we put out there is is that format, this one that we just did for my mom, same way, headline, story, image, what they're going to learn testimonies sign up. And so that that format is consistent. That's the best, most simplest format for creating landing pages. Anything beyond that is just overcomplicating the whole thing. All right, Kim.

[1089:27] Speaker 3: Hey, um, so my launch is tonight. And I had a goal of winning 100 people, and I'm at 98. So I'm excited because I'm confident we'll get to more. I've only had two people sign up for the VIP, which I'm not too worried about. However, I'm the only thing I'm kind of getting worried about is going like, running out of stuff to say, You know what I mean? Like I've, I've kind of mapped out each day. And just in my experience, whenever I've had to give speeches or lectures in school and stuff like that, I always tend to when they're like, yeah, it has to be 15 minutes, and I'm like, done it seven minutes. You know, like, what do I do if I end up finishing early? Or do you have any advice on how to pace yourself?

[1104:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just a sec, um, let me answer this, that's in the comments here. Okay, the template is in this course right here, six steps to six figures, under simple funnels and landing pages. And this it breaks it down as simply as possible. Right here. And then also in this course, right here. The funnel building Made Easy course. If you look at and this is why I say model my pages. If you look at any of the landing pages that I have on any of my pages on my website, they follow the same format. You have a title graphic, that is the name of what they are buying into Elizabeth. So what's the difference between the name this is the cover of your book. This is this is sales copy as to what they're going to get and the promise that you're making. This is what way too much text to make as a title. This title is a short sentence. So if you go right here, launch your six figure group coaching offer, that is the title. That is what people are registering for the headline is this statement, launch your group coaching, this is what they're going to get it qualifies it, it breaks this down, I go into how to write that copy in the lesson in six steps to six figures, writing offer copy that converts. And in the course, the copywriting mastery course, about how do you write copy that connects with people, it's not grammatical copy. It's not writer's copy, it is spoken word sales copy, which violates almost all of the rules of good writing that authors follow. And so by understanding the difference between sales copy that is persuasion based, that is focused on qualifying a prospect and speaking to who it's for what result they can get the promised result, and handling objections that people have. It's not about informing people it is about connecting emotionally, and getting them to give you their name and email address. That's it. All right, Kim.

[1145:25] Speaker 3: Kim? Oh, yes.

[1146:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: So your question was, you're running out of stuff to say? Are you trying to be a good speaker? Are you trying to be a good speaker? Is that the issue?

[1149:21] Speaker 3: No, it's that I tend to I know, when I get nervous, I tend to talk faster. Okay. And so I don't want to like, I don't want to start working on day twos topics, until day two, when I don't want it. Like if I start running short, or, you know, if I'm, I have an hour to talk and it takes me like 45 minutes to actually get through everything. You know, I don't know it's do you have any advice on how to pace yourself better?

[1157:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or? Well, I think that or just for me, I think that starts with a Your mindset is to because you said you get nervous, so so. So work on why are you getting nervous?

[1160:50] Speaker 3: That I don't even know because I'm very confident in what I have to sell. I'm not worried about the price I'm gonna sell it for. I'm okay. But I do I hate speaking in front of people. So I feel like whatever reason that is, and I don't know what that is that that's showing up.

[1166:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when you speak in front of people, it's actually being willing to explore when you speak in front of people. What are you thinking that they're thinking about you?

[1171:22] Speaker 3: Oh, gosh, I've avoided speaking in front of people for so long that I don't know if I know if I can answer that. I mean, I imagine it would be, you know, am am I coming across? Like, am I making sense? Or is it just becoming scrambled? You know? Well,

[1175:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: then Okay, great. So what is so this I always I always say this, what is so bad about not coming across perfectly and sounding scrambled?

[1179:19] Speaker 3: I'm not coming across perfectly and soundly scrambled.

[1180:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is so wrong and horrific about that? Nothing? Nothing, actually, is when we actually answer that there is nothing and so there's something underlying behind that as to why are we trying to sound a certain way? Where is that lack of confidence really coming from? Right. Who's telling you in your life that you're not good enough?

[1188:17] Speaker 3: Nobody, honestly, I'm surrounded by people that say the exact opposite. I think I've told myself that through okay, probably my own personal traumatic experiences.

[1191:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you've told yourself that you're not good enough? I gotcha.

[1191:48] Speaker 3: Probably. Yeah.

[1192:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so what

[1195:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: do you ever so do you ever have conversations with Okay, and now this is really good because I was going to teach this today. And I went completely off track and didn't teach it. So this is actually really good. Do you ever have conversations with friends that you love? Yes. And are you too terrified about sounding stupid when you have those conversations?

[1201:07] Speaker 3: No, I don't care how I sound.

[1201:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what's the difference? Why does it matter that you sound a certain way with strangers and not close friends?

[1204:04] Speaker 3: I guess, with friends that I, if they're my friends at all, it's because I don't feel fear judgment from them for being who I am. Yeah.

[1207:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, ultimately, it's removing the boogeyman behind the judgment of these people that are out there. And realizing that, that there if you didn't fear their judgement, how would you show up?

[1212:46] Speaker 3: I would just show up. And I wouldn't worry about finishing early, or anything like that. Exactly.

[1214:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so one thing that I tried to do is, when I go into a sales presentation is I actually get myself into that state of mind that I'm talking to people that love me, that respect me that, that love to hear what I have to say they're not judgmental, they love hearing from me. Now, the truth of the matter is, that's not true. And so what happens is that there's a conflict inside of you, to where your logical brain is arguing against what you're trying to feel, and they're fighting each other. Because your logic is telling you these people are judgmental, which is true, but you need to show up as somebody who's not afraid of their judgement, right? That's good. And so how can you and really, I would say, it happens by doing it more often happens by just doing it more often, right? Show up and do your presentation. In public, and really start to because what I found is it's there's more of those underlying beliefs is why we end up sweating, we end up getting, like nervous of their judgement. There's, there's underlying beliefs that we're, we're trying to avoid some sort of pain from happening with those people. So when they're when they judge you, what, what are you trying to avoid? When you're trying to avoid their judgement? Because they're obviously, you know, their judgment isn't? They can't do anything to you. Right?

[1242:01] Speaker 3: Yeah, I think honestly, the first thing that comes to mind is being misunderstood. Okay? Being because like, what I'm explaining doesn't make, you know, doesn't come out quite how I meant it or really motives, because obviously, if they're signing up, they know, I'm probably going to sell something. So I'm not even really worried about that. Like, it's just clarity.

[1248:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's ask let's answer this, because I've had, I've had a number of people tell me this before. If they misunderstand you what is so bad about that? Nothing. Know, but that's the right answer. But internally, what are you what are you feeling this so bad about that? If they misunderstand?

[1255:27] Speaker 3: Oh, I see. Um, I guess it's just, I mean, the first thing that comes to my mind is just missing the opportunity to be fully seen and understood, as I intend to be.

[1260:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's really your See, that's more the underlying fear. Is the reason why you're getting nervous. Is you don't want to miss the opportunity with these people. Yeah, it actually doesn't have very much to do with their judgement. It's more about missing the opportunity and wasting your time.

[1265:51] Speaker 3: Yeah, I guess so.

[1266:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, then we want to answer internally, okay, well, what's so bad about missing an opportunity and wasting time? And that's where you might identify. When in your past? Have you missed a big opportunity, and got setback? And how painful was that?

[1271:24] Speaker 3: Oh, I can think of a dozen and I can think of excruciating pain associated with it.

[1272:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's, that's really what's going on internally, right there. Yeah. Is the, the talking fast and the and the see, when we started talking, when we started talking about this, this is why you got to go a few layers deep with this. When you started doing your sales pitch, it's all other judgment. That's why I'm talking so fast, but it's actually you're trying to avoid the excruciating pain of those past events.

[1280:34] Speaker 3: Yeah, makes sense. Oh, yeah, it does.

[1281:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so if I can, what you're telling yourself internally is if Kim can say all the right things, and she becomes understood, then she won't experience this pain ever again. Yeah. And that's the limiting belief right there and realize that that pain was very hard. And you're, and what's happening is internally, you're trying to protect yourself from experiencing that pain again, right? Yeah. But to actually go out there and experience growth in your business, you're gonna have to put yourself into situations where you might experience that pain again.

[1295:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you apply new meaning to it, and you have new wisdom. And it's a different experience. And I think that that's a big one for a lot of people that was a big one for me, was I was

[1299:17] Speaker 3: I'm also a different person, you're a different person than I was when all that happened.

[1300:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Exactly. And so when you start to actually tell yourself the truth, it starts to sort of like, rewire and reprogram internally, okay. Maybe I'm not as nervous now, about being misunderstood. And losing this opportunity, because this is an opportunity to learn and grow and get better. And to and to, this is why, again, I point to the swipe, pointed to stoicism, and the meditations of Marcus Aurelius, because this actually applies to that, that is pain that you're trying to avoid. And so when you can actually realize that it is part of the battle that you get to fight in your business, to come face to face with that pain again, and to not let it defeat you again. Because it has defeated you and been excruciating, so many times. Yeah. And, and it might take a few times to do that, I'm gonna be super super, I'm going to share just a little bit of my experience. I, I personally feel probably saying that's powerful, that I think this is powerful. Because here's the story of myself. I have had a lot of wisdom for people in business. And over the years, I can really strategically identify when I'm in their business, what they need to do to get results. I have had situations. And it's painful for me to share this, where I spoke up that wisdom. And I got beaten down for it and told, who do you think you are that you could ever know that about my business? I don't know how I knew that about their business. But I had intuition. And it was accurate. And they felt exposed by the fact that I knew that about their business. And I was silencing myself when I was consulting companies, because I was avoiding that pain of people telling me, who do you think you are? And that's the number one thing, Kim that the that the that I believe the enemy has used in my brain is anytime that I approach a new level of my business, the enemy says, Who do you think you are that you ever think that you could go into that realm?

[1340:37] Speaker 3: And I think I just kind of heard the same voice that I hear says somebody is going to screw this up for you just like last time

[1342:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go. And that's outside of your control. And so it's like, how can we control this? How can we make this this control? It's funny, I've not even shared much of this part of my story, but I'm going to start talking about it more.

[1348:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have an I have so many situations where this happened. I had a situation where I created a marketing campaign for a client. And they stood up in a meeting and cussed me out in front of 50 people. And basically told everybody, they came up with some scenario where I was planning to destroy their company, if they followed through with this and created these lies about me. And so those lies literally created this wiring in my brain where I would avoid speaking up and actually speaking truth to people. I avoided and I wasn't that I was lying to people, but I would tiptoe around the actual thing that needed to hear. So for instance, I didn't want to offend this person. So I wouldn't, I would tiptoe very closely to actually saying the thing that was going to get them the result. But I wouldn't actually say it, because I was afraid of the backlash from speaking that truth. And what I've learned now, in the last two years, again, I attributed this a lot to going through therapy and working with some powerful people that gave me the opportunity to speak truth is that even if it's painful to say something, even if you're afraid of what might happen, that by not striving through, but rather letting go of controlling how the outcome is going to go, I'm going to speak truth in a situation with a client. And I'm going to let go of trying to manage and maintain their response. They could get angry at me, they could get livid at me, they could, they could sue me. I've had threats of lawsuits. Because I offended somebody so much by speaking truth about their business. I had one guy accused me of hacking his servers and finding confidential information. And it was just an intuition I had. And it's, and it's like, I didn't, but I had to distance myself from him. He actually filed a restraining order against me. This was four years ago, because he was convinced I had actually had some way of getting into secret files in his business or something that I knew all this information on what he needed to do. And it unfortunately turned out six months later, he got indicted. Oh, wow. It was all over. And I was like, Thank God, I was not involved with that business. But I literally had called him out on that one thing that nobody else had called him out on. And it was like, Okay, I became afraid to speak truth in those situations, because I was avoiding the excruciating pain, of loss of losing connection with people. I lost connection with clients, I lost money, I had a situation. Three years ago, I had a multi six figure contract that got ripped up because I said one thing that rubbed that client the wrong way. They ripped up the contract the day before they signed it multi six figure consulting contract with a billion dollar company. And I was devastated. It ripped me apart inside. And you want to know what it told me was the very thing that I was always told. Growing up. Jeremiah, you just can't keep your damn mouth shut Canyon. That's what internally I was telling myself was what I was always told growing up, is that I that I need to keep my mouth shut and not say anything. Now I've learned to discern when to speak and when not to and that's been the journey to grow in, when should I say these things and when not to. And that's why learning to heal inside of me and not being afraid of, of how things can go not trying to control the outcome so much, created so much more clarity in my business, and created so much deeper connection with people. Okay, so hopefully, that was helpful for you.

[1418:00] Speaker 3: Very helpful. Yes, thank you. I didn't know I needed all that.

[1419:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have a feeling that there's more people in the group that needed it too. And I'm going to start talking about some of that as well. So

[1421:17] Speaker 3: awesome. Thank you.

[1421:36] Speaker 4: Yeah. Duke Hello, can you hear me? Yes, yeah. Yeah, I have a question actually. Tomorrow I go into lunch my offer and I have free offer and I have a more than two weeks, around 15 days left to my to my office. So virtual virtual event. So question is Okay, tomorrow I may get leads immediately to my to my email list and the year my database but the time were too long and two weeks left to the to the final event. So my question about is how how did you forget me how do you advise me? Which kind of activity to warm them up? So for them to remind them that okay, not not let them forget that okay. I pay for to ask, but they forget about my events or how

[1440:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I sort of that's why that's a big reason why I create like pre trainings. Yes, I'll create a pre training every other day or something like that, that I end up sending to them pieces of content that are reminding them in an email about what they signed up for it. So they're getting reminded of what they signed up for, they're getting reminded to go into the Facebook group to engage to add it to their calendar, as well, I'm using Add Event added to their calendar, I'm making sure three days before to remind them about the event who days before, the day before, at that point, if you use those reminders, and they don't show up, that's outside of your control. But you do want to at least be reminding them of what they sign up for providing additional value to people the way I see it is me providing pre training when somebody signs up for a webinar. And my pre trainings are usually like five minutes, 10 minutes long. And I'll usually base the pre trainings off of the entrance questions when they answer, what they want to learn what they're struggling with things like that. I'll base the pre trainings off of that is I'm answering those key questions in those pre trainings. And then I'm sending an email to them saying, Hey, did you catch these pre trainings in the group go watch these. And it's building engagement. It's reminding them of that. So probably yes, one hour before, things like that. But what he's talking about as he's doing two weeks before the event, right, you got two weeks until the event is how do you keep them engaged. And so they're on your list, I would just keep providing them with pieces of content that are not your main webinar, but they're, but they're seeding ways to get them excited to show up as to what they're going to learn, and maybe like one little tip, or something that they can use as they're waiting for the event.

[1473:14] Speaker 5: All right. All right. Yeah, I have a question. You know what I realized Jeremiah, I, like you have a body of wisdom that people always call me want. And I went through the last my lifetime, and I wrote all my programs that I've ever done. And there's a huge amount of them. And I really want to create one program with a signature method that taps into everything that I've created. But that's going to take some time, this is just a realization in the last week. And in the meantime, what I'm gonna do is, I'm working on the landing pages in auto responders, which is kind of a mini nightmare for me, but I am plugging away trying to understand the tech by myself. And I'm going to be putting out some, eventually some free offers. And then some mini vi VIP offers, you know, for some of my webinars without offering the big, big thing yet, because it's not formulated, but I don't want to stop myself. While that's not formulated. I'm going to start organically. And I was wondering what and so I was wondering sort of your path to your having created a much larger offer, like, because did you start like that? And so I'm wondering what your path was? Great question. And my other question was, you know, and when it comes to Facebook ads, I mean, I know, everybody says you need 500 To 600 to 1500 for a launch. And I don't know about anybody else in this group. But that's not in my capacity at all.

[1499:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, usually I say two to 300. Yeah, and

[1500:32] Speaker 5: is it worth even doing for less or just wait, so you could do it for more, and it's,

[1501:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not for doing less than 300, because the algorithm doesn't have enough information to to the algorithm has to train the ad to actually find the right people. And so, just 50 or $100 is usually just getting in front of a few of the right people. And so that's why, and I, I say this, initially, you usually need about $500 a month of a budget for a coaching business, when you combine it with software and ads, and all of that together just to get started to start to get some of that momentum to start to get some of that feedback. Now what you can do, again, do you do you have a lot of people who follow you on social media already?

[1513:54] Speaker 5: Not really, I have maybe 900 maybe 1000 or something,

[1515:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: though, you know, that have been following you. And I

[1516:16] Speaker 5: have like, maybe 300 on my Facebook business page, maybe 700 on my personal page.

[1517:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have people that like 100 to 200 people that you could reach out to personally,

[1519:24] Speaker 5: I've got my newsletter list, I'm gonna I'm going to do what I'm going to do. I'm going to start with. Yeah. I had another question, oh, God, it just went through my brand left hold on a second.

[1523:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: happens to me too, a lot.

[1523:41] Speaker 5: Because I was answering your question. And it kind of related or didn't relate? Give me a minute, it'll come back. You'll probably say something. And I'll go, that's it. So talk.

[1526:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I'm I'm actually going to probably log off here. Because we're at the end of our time. I know Dorothy asked, How long do you tend to give running ads before an event, a minimum of four days, and no more than two weeks. So you don't want to advertise one event for longer than two weeks? Because, again, back to Dukes question. If it's longer than two weeks, they really lose their attention and their buy in from actually engaging with you. And so two weeks is good. I like doing a week to 10 days, two weeks will give you the best cost on your ads, here's what's really cool, you can actually spend less money by having a longer lead in, that's one of the strategies that I really like, is that you could spend a budget of $300 for two weeks and really extend it out longer. I'm doing that right now I'm doing a very small budget for this campaign that I'm doing. I'm only spending 200 a day, for what that's a small budget for the campaigns that I'm doing. But I've only spent like 500 bucks, and I've gotten 80 leads from that. Whereas previous campaigns, it's taken me like 2000 to get 80 leads if I'm doing it only for four days. So the longer your lead in time is, the less, the more effective your ad spend is going to be. If you can spend two weeks to advertise a virtual event, you'll be able to squeeze the most out of your budget that way.

[1550:45] Speaker 5: So that would that be doing like $30 a day for two weeks kind of thing?

[1551:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, exactly. Yep. That's actually how I started doing a lot of the stuff that we were doing was $30 a day. 20 to $30 a day. And when asked me about my path, let me let me answer that. Yeah, I didn't even answer that yet.

[1556:31] Speaker 5: Yeah, I realize I have this big thing that I want to create, but it's not created. But I don't want to stop putting little things. I

[1558:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: started that just like what was the one thing that everybody comes to me and asked me for help with. And it was always Facebook ads and their website. And it wasn't particularly related to when I started to even coaching, it was just Facebook ads in general, and my website. So that's why my first two courses were website building and Facebook ads. Because I figured if people get those two courses, I cover enough that they could create their landing pages, they can launch their ads, and people got results with them, which was awesome. But then that's where I started to niche down and realize, okay, I'm not just trying to reach everybody on the internet, I need to work with coaches, mentors, trainers, authors, speakers, because that's who I have the most experience getting results with. So then I launched a campaign that was build your own course or coaching business. And then I realized I'm missing a strategic course, the third course that I did was creating your own online course. And then I made my fourth course was how to do a coaching program. So now I have a four course package that I would say covered my body of work of like what I know how to do, it wasn't anywhere near what the client growth accelerator is right now. But this was last year, that's what I was selling for $300 to people was they would get a package of those four courses, Facebook ads, the easy course creation, blueprint, transformational coaching, and website building. But there was no support that they got. So then I was like, Okay, I need to get people support. And I need to show them how to do virtual events. So that's when I created the virtual event playbook and launched the client growth accelerator to include all of that. And so I just started adding courses to a larger piece. And that's where we are today with the client growth accelerator you you came in a month ago, is I've been adding courses to it since all since basically the last year. I've been adding courses to my repertoire for the last year. And that And while I've been doing that, I've been honing in on really who's the best client for the program. So that's why we're the courses that are in the members area really do cover what coaches and mentors need. As far as what's the best format for landing pages. What's the best sales copy is it strategically, it's not just for anybody. If somebody was selling products on Amazon, they could get some value from my program, but they're probably not. Whereas a coach or a mentor is going to get the most value out of all the trainings that we have. So what I did was I started by I launched with But with it not being all finished with the intention of adding more to it over time. And now it's taken about a year, and we've gotten it to where I think the content is really there. What's actually lacking now is I've noticed that a lot of the mindset is in there mixed inside of the group trainings. So I'm going to even probably create another sort of mental framework course, and probably another one about structuring. Again, a lot of people have been asking, what is that sort of template for landing pages, I think I'm going to be creating another course just on how to you, I need to come up with what the name is for it. This is all just in my head right now. But but how do I do that? So usually, conversations like this, that we're having today, are what catalyze the next courses that I create in the next two to three weeks from now? Based off of what do I want to teach people? What are the questions that keep coming in? And then how can I structure those into training to help people with so that when I get new people in, and I'm running my offer, I get to tell people, okay, we have this whole library here of trainings. Plus you get live training with me, in our live sessions, and it's a great win win is why I think this client growth accelerator accelerator is so valuable to people, especially whether they're a beginner or an expert already. Does that help?

[1623:57] Speaker 5: Yeah, it does. Because I, that's just I realized what I'm gonna be doing, I'm gonna be doing the little things until I build a big program with a signature method.

[1626:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's, that's what I found is you kind of pick like one or two of your signature topics, and make that be like a six to eight week training that you'll do to people, if that makes sense.

[1629:58] Speaker 5: Yeah, it would be like a little piece of the larger topic, but I still want it mapped out clearly, because I want to, I really need it mapped out in my brain. But I'm gonna, like I said, I'm doing the small little, little things I've got. I've got so many webinars I've done. And I'm just leaving. I'm just backing up in the backend working the landing pages and autoresponders right now.

[1634:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And actually, that's a great question you asked about like a PDF with, I think what I can do is I can take one of my landing pages, and I'll just kind of break it down and identify what each section

[1637:44] Speaker 5: that would be great. Oh, my God, that was great. Because I've gone through one of them already. And I feel like, I mean, this is not against you. But some of its in Squarespace. And I'm not Squarespace, and that kind of shifts sifting through a lot of content to get to like 10 minutes, you know, and so if I just have a PDF in front of me, I go, that's it.

[1642:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, yeah, so that course was built on Squarespace, that's an interesting point you just bring up is why I think it might be beneficial for me to even do one that's a little more generic to the type of landing pages that we build, and sort of a landing page course rather than a funnel building course. And it'll be evergreen to all systems. So like, I'm telling you right now, just like while we're talking, this is how I come up with what my courses are. And so that'll probably be after I finished the six steps course, that'll probably be one of the next ones that I do.

[1652:26] Speaker 5: And then you could do an auto responder course right after.

[1653:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we do have an auto responder course email marketing the fun way. Great. That one's all about auto responders and, and what how do you write good email like emails that connect with people. I also cover a little bit about auto responders for your virtual events in the automated marketing secrets, one, automating your follow up emails right here. So this one's really good on that as well. I gotta say. All right.

[1663:46] Speaker 5: I gotta say, I went to chat chat AI GBT to ask them. I said, How do I say, I don't know, because I want to put a webinar out to my list. But I don't want to say I want to say this is this is the fee to it, you know, because then everybody expects everything for free. And I said, How do I do this in a nice like, Invitational way, you know, because I'm not an invitational person. Inspirational. Not the motivational Wow, rah, it's a different style, and chat GPT came up with the perfect thing. I feel like it's gonna be able to help me with sales language that

[1673:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: the idea of using the AI Yes.

[1674:00] Speaker 5: Is that's right to my being that's inventory. So I'm warm, instead of pounding people over but yeah, there's a nominal fee, but the information will be invaluable to

[1676:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. No, no, I think that's great. I think also, you might have some people get upset that you're charging a fee but people will start to understand you need to start to make money for what you what's inside of you like

[1679:43] Speaker 5: I have made money Yeah, I have before and now it's like, okay, and I think consistent. I know my exoteric consist Exactly. And I think the people I who know me already.

[1682:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you go, thank you. Yeah. All right, thanks, everybody know that I just said this at the beginning, I think today's sort of training, what is invaluable for the whole group, I'm going to send it out in an email to everybody just if they if they go through even like one of the CGA live trainings that we've done, this is one to go through for sure. So thanks, everybody, for being on here. Thanks for connecting, if you have more questions. Um, we will be doing our copywriting a rewrite call. I was gonna mention this at the beginning, but I didn't we're going to be doing that next week. That'll be on Wednesday instead of Thursday. So it'll be Wednesday at 11am. So I'm gonna be out of town and traveling, and we'll have internet on Thursday. So we'll be doing it on Wednesday, next week. I'll be posting that in the group as well. And I'm excited because we have Rebecca. It has been helping with a lot of the emails and things that go out and so she's helping me do a lot of that a lot of those reminder emails is she's taken on that role, which is great. So you'll see some emails come from Rebecca Berkowitz. She's amazing. All right, everybody. Thank you. Have a good one. We'll talk soon.

[1702:41] Speaker 1: Thanks, Jeremiah. Thank you so much.

