CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-11-20T21:55:47.000Z
Duration: 177 min
Otter ID: tAJO1lDnU0_LEzQruBPHm-_N1ts
---

[0:48] Speaker 0: Hello, hello everybody. Welcome in. We're gonna go alive. Right here, this should go live in the group

[6:01] Speaker 0: Let me grab the invite link, copy the invite link. Join us live on zoom here. Up day update, copying. They make you type this all in manually, which is why I had to do this beginning every time. Even if I typed it in last time they make you do it again. It is what it is. All right. Well, hello, hello. Hello, welcome in. Welcome in everybody. Today.

[18:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome to our live training here today. We are also streaming it looks like in the CGA Facebook group here are streaming in the group. Let me check that that streaming perfect, awesome. So listen, if you're watching this stream, you can join us in the group

[26:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can join us by clicking the Zoom link that's on the stream in the Facebook group. And you can jump into zoom right here. And so in zoom is where you can ask questions you can raise your hand. And so I'll be today the way the format works. For some of our new members that are here. First off, I'm going to mention on Wednesday, we have what's called our Fast Start Training. Okay, so if you're watching this, if you're a new member, if you're in here, the Fast Start Training is an onboarding where we're going to help get you up and running and things like that. So today might feel a little bit like just a whole highway of moving cars, and you don't know where to start and things like that. So understand that this messaging is kind of to everybody else who's already in this group, you'll benefit from it. But you may feel a little bit confused today. Because you haven't gone through the Fast Start Training. And so again, I recommend everybody who's new. Join us for the Fast Start Training, it'll be on Wednesday, you'll find that if you want to know where to like access some of the content just a little reminder for this in the members area, you go to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And you can log in and access that content right there over at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And actually, let me share the proper screen for this. So that's where all the courses are. We got brand new courses that we're loading up here into the members area, Facebook pixel clarity is our new one. We just finished mastering and div individual sales guide to one on one closing. We just finished. What's the other one that we just finished? Oh yeah, we just finished the five minute Content Creation Blueprint. And something new that I'm excited to share with everybody, everybody who else is here. I will be going into every single class that's in the members area. And here's what I'm going to be adding is a checklist to every class. So check this out. Every lesson now has a checklist of what the action steps are, that were taught for every course lesson. So So you got multi dimensional ways of kind of learning these classes and then reminding you what you learned. So you got to like a 15 minute training here. This is going to be I would say like the best most immersive way is watching this video or listening to it. But in practicality I understand not everybody has that much time. So we got a summary of what the lesson is. We have a full unedited transcript of our lessons. And we'll be updating all of this. By the end of this year we'll have every single course has transcript summary and checklists. And so the checklist is basically what was taught in the lessons step by step. So like, it's just kind of like a summary of what the lessons lessons were to remind you and to go back and just kind of, if you're like, Oh, I lost my place of what to do next, this will help you do that, as well as as far as that goes. So each lesson contains a checklist. That's just an added glance of what's taught in each lesson. Not all of the courses have this but like we were going to be moving forward they all will and we're going to go back and update all of them in the next couple of weeks for you. So I think that's gonna really help like for instance pixel clarity course, just really breaking down what is taught in this lesson. Six steps to six figures As a coach, I think this one, everybody needs to start and go through this course. And now we have a checklist of what the six steps are, of what to do. So if you get lost in your process, you can go back through here and find, okay, what's the step that I'm at. So a checklist on how to write your sales copy, a checklist on what to do as far as that goes, a checklist for your landing pages is going to be incredible as far as all that goes. So I think that that's going to just add some value. And it's a really simple thing that's going to be part of this program that I think is going to elevate everybody that's in here is now we have simple easy to follow at a glance checklists. For every course it's in there. And we can thank Sue McGarvey asked for this, I think, twice. And that's what I love about this group is if you ask for something, and I and I find a way that I can deliver it, I will deliver it if it's going to benefit the whole group as a whole. Okay, now, we have had some people ask for me to offer one on one coaching for free to every all the members that are in here, you know, where I call you, and I do one on one calls, we will not be offering that as part of this program in here. But we do have an ability for you to get a one on one package with me that we'll be announcing here in the next week or so, it'll be right around $14,000, that includes a year with the program, and then six, one hour zoom sessions that come in at a rate of about $2,000 per one on one session. So again, if that's outside of your budget, the program itself at $166 a month, which most of you are paying, some of you are paying a little bit less than that, because you joined over a year ago, we had like a promotion that was just for our founding members, that was like half that price that we're never offering again, with but some of you have that and it'd be ridiculous to even cancel at that rate. The value that you get in this program, like I said, we're improving it adding checklists, we're adding more courses. We're adding trainings, we're gonna be starting. Next week, we're starting, I'm doing one more lesson in the one on one sales mastery course. And then we're starting a training on how to use Zoom. It's specifically a course all just about zoom. That's it. Because I've had a number of people ask me how to use Zoom, and I find it easy to use. But I want to break down the nuances of even the back end, how do you use it for different things and stuff like that. So zoom, as you all confused, we're going to solve that for you. And I'm excited because they just added a new feature to zoom that we're going to start using to where you can actually host pre recorded webinars straight through zoom. I have not used the AI built into zoom yet. I I'll check it out. We'll see if we like it. But the way I came up with the checklist was I took the transcript Sherry and I told that I said create a checklist of any action points that I talked about in this transcript, and it did a really good job of doing that. Now, just a couple of things. Before we start out, I'm gonna mention to you if you if you've been paying attention to the news, this affects everybody that's here. I'm Chad GPT. And the company behind it has basically exploded, like in a negative way. Like their whole company is just kind of blown up in the last weekend. And everybody has left the company and become employees of Microsoft. It's really kind of crazy. So what that means is a chat GPT is a resource that we have access to still, I think that there will be something that Microsoft is probably going to release, it's going to replace it here soon. That's going to be built on a lot of the same engines and models. And unfortunately, they closed registration down to chat GPT plus for new members to actually sign up with it. So you so that's why I haven't gone into teaching how to use GP teas and things like that. No, no, they got rid of the gal who they appointed as an interim she's gone now to they appointed a whole nother person who's anti AI who thinks it's the Terminator. And his whole mission is to basically destroy the company. They've actually publicly come out and said that. And so it's like, they're afraid that AI is going to become the Terminator and kill us all. And so they're trying to save humanity by doing this. And so again, it's like, what do we do? Well, they shut down registrations to chat GBT, I'm still using it because it's still the best API that's out there. But what I would recommend if you don't have access to an API, or chat GPT plus and you still want to use GPT for its polka.com polka.com is basically chat GPT plus a couple of other API's and so you get access to GPT. Four, you get access to GPT for 32k. It's it's $20 a month, because they're not allowing you to upgrade to GPT plus, but you can use polka.com And here's the crazy part about polka.com. The one of the board members, that is not one of the weirdos over open AI owns polka.com. So polka.com is actually owned by one of the board members over at chat GPT. So that's why it's like the next best thing if you can't upgrade the chat GPT plus polka.com, I've used it interchangeably. There were a few members who just joined Donya mentioned she's like, I can't upgrade the chat JpT plus and get GPT four. So posts.com is going to be your next best resource for that as far as that goes. So for those y'all that do have GPT plus the GP tees are really cool. I might touch on that at the end here. But unfortunately, because of the changes that are happening with the company, it's been a like a, I would tell you it has the drama of the HBO special succession. And Game of Thrones is what's happening with AI right now. Like they are literally they were like the whole Bluebird.

[174:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: They fired Greg Brock Brockman I think his name is. And now like the guy who was instrumental in this, he's like, I'm sorry, I want to join everybody over at Microsoft, Microsoft gave them all a job, I think Microsoft is pulling the strings so they can basically control AI is what is really going on. That's my conspiracy theory behind it. But in the end, we're all we all get to kind of win from this, because that's going to create even better tools for our marketing, I think so. But polka.com is basically if you don't have access to chat GPT plus, use polka.com. If you do have access to chat, GBT plus, it's the best it's ever been. You know, I created a couple of different GP teas recently that do different things, they basically opened it up, it's like, I can paste it to our transcript now in the chat GPT. And it'll process it. So you're not limited by how many characters even anymore in chat GPT, which is really cool. So I just wanted to mention that to you. If some of y'all are like a little bit confused as to what's going on with that. It can be really confusing with emerging technologies, people move from company to company to company. A great example of this is social media. When social media first popped on the scene, MySpace was the big dog on the scene. And guess what Facebook became the big dog. And then Google Plus tried to pop up and Twitter and it was like, which one do we use. But then what emerged was my Facebook and Instagram. And so that's literally what's happening with AI. As all these people are basically trying to leapfrog each other and do all of this. As consumers, it can be a little bit confusing in the beginning. That's why I will try to at least keep you updated as one of the best tools our chat, GBT plus is still the best tool. And if you can't get access to the paid version co.com is going to be your next best resource for $20 a month. What's up sharing? So if we have I have the, you know, I've been in this long enough now three months. It's like dog years technologies like dog years. Anyway, should I keep the upgraded, you know, chat GPT and go with Paul, or should I know there's no reason to use POA anymore. That's it. That's that's the other interesting part about it, is what the changes they made in in chat GPT. Plus, I actually cancelled my poll account, because it does almost all the stuff that I was using po for, because now you got the longer context length, which is really cool. So I put in a two hour transcript in the chat GPT and it processed it like just fine. So they got the bigger algorithm and all that in there, which is really cool. It's just if you can't get access to chat GPT plus polka.com is going to be the alternative that's gonna basically give you the same stuff because they shut down access to sign up for it. Okay, so again, that's not part of our main training here today. I just wanted to kind of give you a little bit of a bird's eye view of what's going on in the world. We don't We need not be scared by any of this. Remember, jasper.com was the only AI that was out for two years. And then chat GPT popped up and it's they made Jasper just terrible after chat GPT popped up. So that's why it was like okay, don't use Jasper anymore what it used to be able to do, it can't. And chat GBT is a thing. Now you can't even sign up for tat GPT plus. So if you already have a 10 GB t plus account, use it. You may want to backup your stuff, you can go in here under Settings and export your data

[232:31] Kevin Winebarger: like that, like I just did.

[233:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I can actually export all of my chats and stuff at least as far as that goes. And then but other than that, I wouldn't worry about using chat GPT it's still the best resource that's out there. But poh.com is like the alternative if you can't upgrade so that you can get access to GPT four, but it works the same way the prompting and all of that it basically works the same way. Okay, so into like what We're actually going to be doing the training on here today is what I wanted to talk about number one, I got like a few different lessons here laid out that I wanted to talk with you about. And so they'll be kind of a few different parts of this at the top of the hour at noon, we'll be doing q&a, we'll take your questions. And then next week is a dedicated q&a call, where it's just going to be q&a on Monday. And we're doing our Fast Start Training on Wednesday, our Fast Start jumpstart for any new members that have jumped in here. Okay. So here's the thing that I wanted to talk about here today, when it comes to building your business and your offers and putting them out there. Number one, we have to come with the perspective of we are solving people's problems that want their problem solved. And I think that that's a key indicator as to really going to help you when it comes to writing your sales copy is that if somebody doesn't want a problem solved, you're not going to get them to want their problem solved. If they don't want you to solve that problem for them. You're not, it's a waste of your energy. Yes, there are ways to persuade people that don't want their problem solved, to get them to want them solved. It's a complete waste of your energy in this business to operate in that type of thinking that I'm going to try to convince somebody who is a no into becoming a yes to solve their problems. Because it's 1,000% easier to find people that recognize and have the self awareness that they have an issue. And that recognize that they need to do something to solve it. And if I look back at my career, as a coach, and a course creator, and we use those kinds of hand in hand, because we create courses, and we coach here in this program, if I look back at my career, the biggest headaches, the biggest heartache, the biggest disappointments, the biggest pain that I've had, in my marketing, and getting clients was trying to convince people that they should work with me was trying to convince people that they should do something differently than they actually wanted to do. And anytime that my business grew, anytime that I've seen success. And this, this is like if I take a bird's eye view, anytime that I'm teaching something here in this program, I'm always taking a bird's eye view at the last 20 years of my career. And that's why I can have so much certainty about some of the things that I'm saying. Because, to be honest, I've been blind to some of these things for a long time. And once I took a bird's eye view of my whole career, I realized what was really going on beneath the surface that actually made me successful anytime that I tried to convince people, that they should work with me that they should become a client, that they should change what they're doing in their life. That led to disappointment, it led to zero sales. It led to frustration on my end, it led to me feeling like why can't people just see the possibilities. And anytime that I lead with what do people want, even if it was outside of necessarily what I wanted to give them. It always lead to financial success. And I believe that you need to make financial success, be the number one driving factor as to the decisions that you make as a business owner in a coaching business. When I'm coaching you it's based on how to deliver results, right? We know that we understand that when I'm teaching, when I'm coaching with what's in the courses that's based on that. But when it comes to my sales and marketing and when it comes to what actually gets clients. It's geared around, not what do I want to happen with clients, but rather what is going to produce consistent cash flow. So all of my decision making process starts with is this cashflow positive? And then what do I want to create come secondary to that? You know, we can become really confused, especially if we look at the world around us. And if you look at like I mentioned billionaire companies, CEOs, chat, GBT, Microsoft, Tesla and all of this. The reason that they're able to make decisions that may not make sense with cash flow is because they already have cash flow reserves. A lot of these companies are sitting on billions of dollars in cash. So they can make mistakes. They can burn cash, they can literally throw to $10 billion at a company that might crash and burn, just to see what happens. Now we don't have that ability. But what we do have the ability to do is at least adopt an experimentation mindset with our marketing, to see what happens to see what people respond to. And what we want to look at is what produces cash flow, because the faster you become cashflow positive, your overwhelm starts to disappear. The faster you become cashflow positive, you have options. If you get stuck trying to figure out the Facebook pixel, if you get stuck at one of the steps on the checklist of the courses that we're putting together, you can hire somebody to solve that faster, you could purchase a one on one coaching package with me. And now schedule a one on one call with me and you got me for an hour where I get to dive deeper into your business together to be able to do that. So cash flow solves very real world problems that not having cash flow doesn't solve, okay. So we have to understand that that cash flow is king, that we have to be creating cash flow. In our business, one of the issues that I see that people do is that they're really, really focused in on way too much when it comes to delivering results to their client, and how do I tiptoe around their feelings? How do I make sure that they feel really good about everything, that's great. And I'm a big proponent of becoming really good at your communication, I don't think that being an aggressive asshole. That's a jerk to people is very effective. You know, we look at people like Steve Jobs, or CEOs or, or even, you know, Donald Trump, again, you might love Love him or hate him. There are certain ways and structure of communication that can actually be more effective with people. And I think it's great to learn how to communicate more effectively. I think that's incredible. But at the same time, we can become way too passive with our communication. And there strikes a balance of you learning how to be assertive and confident and clear, that becomes effective. One of the biggest mistakes that I noticed that coaches make is we become very empathetic of people's feelings. You might say, Well, how is that a mistake, it's a mistake when it causes you to make decisions that make your cash flow go down. Let me explain what that means. Because I made this mistake for the longest time. You know, I've I've experienced being around CEOs and business owners that are just complete jerks to people. And in my effort to not be a jerk to people, I made decisions of I'm not going to act in certain ways. You know, I've been around coaches that are just complete assholes to people, I've, I've even heard of people where they're just dismissive of the person's problem. You know, I don't find that to be necessarily super effective. When it comes to solving problems for people, I think that there strikes a balance of empathy, listening to the problems that people have, but learning to also be clear and confident in your methodology. And this is why we want to make sure that we're actually talking to and communicating with the right target client, one of the mistakes that can happen is if you're trying to reach, let's say that this is everybody that could potentially benefit from your coaching, okay? The problem is, you don't want to actually market to and build your business with all of these people. Because it's nearly impossible to convince. And to solve all of these wide ranging problems from people, what you want to do is you want to find this tiny dot.

[384:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: And basically, this is like 5% of the people that could benefit from your coaching. This is 95%. And you're gonna eliminate and ignore, and not try to solve the problems for these 95% of people. Here's what this allows you to do. This allows you to be more assertive with this 5% of people because you're very clear on what are their problems? What are they struggling with. And so one of the issues that many coaches say is, well, I could have a bigger business if I reach all of these people that are out there. And that sounds great. In theory, on paper, it even makes sense. In reality when it comes to marketing. It's the worst decision that you can make, to try to reach all of these people. By the way, that was a great example right there, of how I'm able to be assertive. I want to pause here and I'm gonna pull back the curtain on what I just did. I just said, for you to mark it to those 95% of people that could benefit from You is the worst decision that you could make in your business that was a very assertive, very confident, very clear statement that I will stand on firmly and defend and have evidence for and receipts to back it up. But the only reason that I'm able to communicate that confidently, is because I have focused in on the 5% of my market that needs to hear exactly what I just said, there are coaches and mentors today that could benefit from my coaching, that when I say that, they get very turned off from me, they get very turned off from my system, they do not connect with it, they find it to be very arrogant, they find the way that I talk and communicate, to not resonate with them. So I'm not trying to resonate with this 95% of people that I just naturally don't resonate with. I'm not trying to be all things to all people. I'm focusing in on getting really, really clear with the 5% of people that are here today that are on our coaching calls that join my VIPs. And this is why having a VIP, we're gonna talk about that here in just a little bit is actually very important to your event marketing, and you're getting clear on things. Here's the thing. When you start to get clear on your messaging, on your marketing, you're gonna have negative feedback come in. You know, I had no negative feedback when I lacked clarity, and was trying to be Mr. Nice Guy to everybody. When I was trying to not offend everybody, when I was trying to when I was trying to say all the right things to reach everybody out here I got very little negative feedback. Gosh, I prided myself on that. I got nobody who dislikes me, I'm just everybody loves me. They think I'm amazing. Oh my god. I just felt amazed. Like it just it just it just fed that people pleasing. Pardon me, like that I was doing all the right things. The problem was I had potential to create a million dollar business and my coaching business was making only a couple 100 bucks a month. But hey, everybody likes me. Nobody's got negative stuff to say to me. Nobody disagrees with what I have to say. And unfortunately, life taught me that when I start speaking up about things that I believe in, that I get slapped in the face for it. You know, I would have situations where I would speak up a little bit more assertively about something. And I would get slapped in the face for saying it that way. Well, that you said it wrong. You made me feel really wrong. Gosh, I had somebody go as far as to say I should be put in jail. For what I'm teaching you guys here right now. She was going based off of laws in Canada about hate speech. And she said that to eliminate 95% of the market is the equivalent of hate, because you're ostracizing 95% of the great people that are in the country of Canada that could benefit from your training. And that to do so you could get locked up for. And again, I don't fully understand Canadian laws. I think we have some Canadians that are here. I think that's a little bit of a stretch. I do understand that there are some laws in Canada that are a little bit different in that way. But it's a little bit of a stretch to say that to market your business to the people that are best getting a result is going to get you thrown in jail. I I don't think companies would exist in Canada. If that was the case. You're not going to please everybody you know, there are people I love the iPhone. I had an Android for six years. Gosh, I to be honest. I'm Oh gosh, bisexual bisexual wouldn't be the word but I am by computer, I have a MacBook over here. And I have a Windows PC that I'm streaming on. So I kinda I use both Windows and Mac I'm I'm I'm biting when it comes to both. I never thought of it that but like, either way, like you're not going to please everybody not everybody is gonna like you not everybody's gonna like how you connect. Not everybody's gonna like how you talk. But there's going to be a segment of people that you become irresistible to that love you that love engaging with you. And those are the people that you can impact the most. Those are the people that you can actually create results for now let's take a pause here. If in coaching business and the mentorship business, that results is really why we do it if you're not able to produce results. Quite frankly, you're you're a fraud. Like that's a sad thing, but it's it's true. If you're not able to produce results and you're selling you're selling lies to people, I wouldn't recommend you do that. I refuse to do that myself. So results are important, but your results might look different. And here's what can give you confidence. When you dial it in to the group of people that love you, that engage with you, and you stop worrying about the rest of the people that are out there that are negative, you stop worrying about even if they're going to show up. This was an exercise that I did in the last couple of months, I literally just stopped concerning myself if they show up on my calls. If negative people show up, who cares. And I found that my empathy was actually causing me to take on some of their own judgments that they had towards themselves. This is something that I'm diving deeper into and learning and studying right now. I might not have the language for right now. But anytime that I would have somebody giving me a negative comment, I realized that I'm experiencing how strictly and harshly they judge themselves by how they're judging me. And that gave me a lot of compassion for where these people are coming from, and realizing Listen, they're at a different stage of their journey. They're not ready to hear what I'm talking about today. Could they become a multimillionaire if they applied what I'm talking about? Absolutely. But I'm not here to be all things to all people. I'm not here to be everything. Some people like Macbooks, some people like PC, some people like both. Some people like iPhone, some people like Android, very rarely do you like both. I went from one to the other, and then back to Apple, because I find it's much easier to use for my business. So you're not going to please everybody, you're always going to have a segment of people that they would rather work with somebody else. And one of the things that gosh, we got to work through is that we're just not going to make everybody happy, we're not just going to, we're not going to convince those people that they should work with us become okay with that. It's not rude to ignore the people that don't like you, it's not rude, to stop engaging with them, it's not rude to not give your energy to try and to convince people that don't believe in you that they should work with you. I find myself falling into that trap all the time. Still, to this day, I have people on social media that trying to tell me that I'm not who I say I am. And that all of this access that I claimed that I've had I made up and I read it all in a book somewhere. And sometimes depending on how I'm feeling that day, it might trigger something into me where I feel defensive. And then I get caught up into wasting my time trying to defend myself to people. My goodness, that's always created negativity in my life, is trying to convince myself to people that are negative. And so what you want to do is you want to become very precise with your language, to the smaller group of people. And by the way, when we talk about a smaller group of people, I'm talking about still like 10 to 20 million people that are out there that you could reach a smaller group of people can, it's gonna make you way more money than trying to reach everybody. That's the sort of myth I think of marketing. As if we cast a wider net, we're going to impact more people instead, cast the net of people that really love you, and ignore the rest. Okay, so that's one of the first thing that you want to do is you want to stop worrying about what other people think.

[537:01] Speaker 0: Let them be negative,

[537:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: ignore them, remove them off your zoom calls, you don't need to defend yourself, you don't need to convince them of anything. You don't need to solve their problem. You don't need to wrestle with what their opinions are, as far as that goes. Okay. And I mentioned that because over the last couple of weeks, I've seen a few questions and comments that have come in around this, you know, when you go out there and you start really launching your business, some of that negativity starts to come up. And sometimes people are really savvy at their negativity, they end up convincing you that you're a bad person for not engaging with them. Unfortunately, if somebody starts doing that, to me, it's my indicator that it's time for me to stop engaging with them. If somebody tries to convince me that I'm a bad person for any reason whatsoever. And listen, if they're at that point, like they are convinced that you are the devil at that point. It's very interesting. That's a really good time to disengage with them. Because it's not going to turn out pretty and all they want is to be right. All they care about is to be right. Did you know that when you can give up the need to be right to everybody to prove that you're right. You can become extremely successful when it comes to your business. Be right to yourself Believe in yourself, I know that the things that I'm doing in my business are right. Even if somebody out there tells me that I'm wrong, even if somebody out there tells me that I should stop doing that. I don't concern myself with it. And I used to wrestle with this like, Well, gosh, you can't take feedback from somebody, well, gosh, you know, you got to silence other people's opinions. What kind of jerk Are you that thinks that you're better than their opinion that you know so much about, like, these are the thoughts that used to go through my head that got me all caught up, and I realized, gosh, I don't need to tolerate disrespect from people. The reason why I'm getting so much disrespect, is because I continue to tolerate it in my life, I don't need to by not tolerating, it doesn't mean that I have to convince them or change their mind, it just means that I can literally say, Hey, I'm not going to talk about this, and disengage and go do something else. Ignore ignoring. And disagreeing is probably one of the strongest things that you can do, instead of engaging with it in this business, you don't need to dive into it with people, I had some, some people trying to convince me that well, you should probably engage, you should probably, it's just not worth it in the end. And maybe you grew up taught a different way that you should wrestle, and you should debate and things like that. We're talking about building a business here, we need to stop taking this stuff. So personally, we need to stop taking it. So personally, when somebody tries to personalize what they feel about what we've done in our business. And I believe if you're here today, you're not going to be somebody that's going to go out there and intentionally harm people. We don't attract people like that in our business. So don't worry about that yourself. Don't worry about coming across in a certain way that might be, you know, wrong or bad. And what I'm saying right here, really grow in your self belief in yourself about what you're doing in your business. Now, the next thing is, is this is what I wanted to talk about is that when you go out there to market your business, you need to collect feedback from people. And I need to make some clarity here as to what I mean by collecting feedback from people because this might literally sound like, I just negated what I just said for the last 30 minutes. Not all feedback is worth listening to when I'm talking about feedback, it's about the desires that people have. We always always, always need to become really curious about the desires that other people have, not what we want to deliver. And that's one of the biggest mistakes that I see that people make is that they have something that they want to deliver to people, but it's not actually connected with what the marketplace desires. Now, when you're doing group coaching, this becomes a little bit of a challenge, because the group has different desires. The group is at different stages in their business. And so how do you become really good at serving the group while focusing in on what's called a one to many model of training and coaching? Well, that's something that by example, I hope that I do here in this group. When we host these live trainings, when I create a course, such as the Facebook pixel clarity course, when we start adding checklists to the courses, when I create a course on how to do one on one phone sales, by the way, some of y'all had been asking for a one on one phone sales course for weeks. I haven't heard back from anybody on how they liked it. I'd love to hear from you all, if you've gone through it, what you thought about it was like every other question was about one on one phone sales. And so the fat so we created a course for that to solve that problem for the group. But the way that group coaching works is by you learning how to inspire the group to communicate, and ask about what they're wanting. So client feedback, and really putting a ranking as to the different levels of client feedback. So for instance, in the value ladder, we have different levels that we rank people at. Okay, so for instance, all of you right here. Up here is my one on one clients right here. And I'll tell you, the people that I work with one on one, we take what we talked about here, but then we really wrestle with what's beneath the surface to dive deeper and to get those results above here might also be consulting clients right here. This would be people that I'm running ads for that I'm creating their landing pages. If you want to know what that cost that's $20,000 a month minimum. Okay. This is 14,000 for a package of one on one. Then right here. This is the client growth accelerator program, which again is designed to be the best value at how people can work with me. And so what I really focus on as I'm looking at, there's really two In different segments of people that I that I really care about their opinions and their feedback, anybody who's in the client growth accelerator and above is what I consider a paid client. Okay? So they become a client, they've joined our coaching program. And so I really pay attention to and invest a lot of my energy into what are the questions that are coming in from these people. That's how I determine what goes into our courses. That's how I determine what I'm going to teach on days like this. Below this, we have our VIP, I'm just gonna level with y'all straight up. There are people that join my VIPs that will never join my coaching program. And with all due respect to those people, I do not necessarily care what they think about me, I had one of our VIPs in the last five day write me. He had noticed that he felt like day five of the training was pre recorded. And he felt that that was misleading. And that my integrity was destroyed. Because of the fact that the session was pre recorded the training session, I had actually pre recorded right after I had gone to the concert with my wife, I had recorded it right around midnight that night, because I knew that I had to take care of my son the morning after. And so the way that I've designed my business was to do that. But he felt that my integrity was destroyed for doing something that was best for my family. Here's the thing, I have zero concern about his opinion. Really, I do if he believes that I have zero integrity, for recording a piece of content the night before, so I could take care of my family. Great. And I move on from it. But I focus in on the people that really truly do care, and really, truly are engaging and the ones that want to learn from me, and the ones that want to move forward and the ones that want to connect with me. And so those will be people who joined the client growth accelerated program below here, this would be my free signups okay. And I really don't put a lot of weight if somebody isn't willing to invest $27 into a VIP q&a, or $7. But they want to learn from me for free. I'm sure they're great people. Um, but their opinions are pretty much worthless to me. And gosh, some of y'all are like, that's so arrogant. That's so rude. That's so mean to them. No, it's not because my energy does not have time to concern myself with people that are unwilling to make an investment. I do not have the time to concern myself with this group of people at all. And then below here, this is my social media. Right here. These are people Oh, goodness, even lower right here. They've never even signed up for a webinar. But they but they comment on my social media. I had a guy the other day comment on my social media. What's the comment right here?

[692:26] Speaker 0: I got it right here.

[693:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Too many lanes like you around these days. 20 years of online experience, but only 500 followers lol Nice. That's like 15 people a year. Hahaha. You're dancing around the issues of nuance. Make it make sense. The only way to ethically do what you talk about is to be an affiliate. Otherwise, you're a scammer. Those are people on my social media. And I told you somebody the other week was like I found the biggest scammer on social media. Those are people that are out there that they've never signed up for my training. They're never going to become a VIP. And they're never going to be here. But hey, guess what you want to know where these people are. They're literally commenting on marketing training, they want to learn how to get leads, they want to learn how to run Facebook ads. So literally, I got haters on social media, that if they just listen to what I'm teaching will make a ton of money. But I will never convince them to change their mind. Because they are blinded by their own opinions. Okay. And so client feedback, people's feedback I pay attention to pretty much below the VIP level, I don't give any concern to very much at all. And I really care about those that actually joined the accelerator versus those that are in the VIPs. I often have a few VIPs that send me messages about why they're not joining the accelerator and it has something to do with some way that they got offended by something that I said or how I managed it or, oh gosh, one of them somebody got offended because I didn't reply to their email within 10 hours. So that's why they're not joining my program. And I'm and like, what kind of horrible business owner doesn't reply to people like that was their reasoning. But you know, I'm not concerned with their negativity, I pay attention to the feedback from people that are positive. As far as this goes, you know, I grew up in a church environment that taught me to always live above reproach, to give no appearance of evil, to not let anybody think anything negative you at all of you at all. This is what I grew up being taught is that to protect our family, because we were homeschooling and in Michigan, you could go to jail for homeschooling, that we would never give an appearance of anything that could give us in trouble, get us in trouble. And what this taught me was to put up a facade to make people like me all the time. Okay. And if some of y'all grew up, like I did, listen, especially there was a lot of Christian Church, people that which I went to church yesterday, I love going to church with my family. But there are people even in the church, I go to, that have problems with what I do and teach and they have let me know verbally, they have come up to me at church and told me they have problems with what I do, and they think it's unethical. They think that it's unethical to teach what I teach, because according to them, it violates the laws of Scripture. Great. I said, have you talked to the pastor about it? By the way, I've talked to the pastors and they think that what we're doing is great, it's awesome. But it's like, I'm not concerned with the opinions of certain people that think that I should fall in line with their opinion. So feedback has a ranking. The feedback you get from people, you got to rank it based on where is the feedback coming from some feedback is poop. Don't listen to it, flush the turd, flush it down the toilet. That's the value that it has. Again, I appreciate and I love and I want to fellowship with somebody from church who thinks that what I'm doing is unethical. But I'm not going to change my business because of them. Why do I say that? Because two, three years ago, that wasn't the case. I had I had a lady from church want to actually take me in front of our church leaders to get me to stop building my business because she felt that I was a, according to her wolf in sheep's clothing that was destroying the fabric of Christianity is what she said. And literally, and I talked to our church leaders, I was like, is that something that y'all like, even care about engaging with? And like, no, they're like, She's crazy. Anyway, she tries to do that with other people. She has this god complex to try to catch people in the wrongdoing and stuff like that, and things like so I was like, okay, cool. Like, I'm not worried about that. But it used to bother me that people would be this way. I was so caught up in concerned with other people's opinions, that I was anxious and going crazy all the time just trying to make everybody happy with me. And the feedback I would get from people ranged from just like you're the worst person in the world. I was working with what's it called Christ for the nation's Institute, I helped increase their student enrollment by 30%. They recorded me on a call once where they said that I was bringing demonic spirits into the organization, and looking to destroy everything that God had done in their ministry. That was one of the student faculty that felt this way. The CEO didn't feel this way. The founders didn't feel this way. Why do I share this with you? Because honestly, I've heard some really crazy stuff from people. I've been accused of really crazy stuff. And to be honest, their whole basis of it was because I was teaching what I'm teaching you here, how to qualify who the best students were. I taught them how to find people that were more likely to enroll with their with their school. And some people felt that that was against what they felt as Christians they should be doing. Well, nine years of losing students and one year of a 30% increase. I decided to lean into what I know how to do best is to help grow organizations. Even if I had people that would come to me face to face and tell me you need to stop and I'm going to make it my mission to make you stop and I will destroy you. If you continue and I became okay with I literally had to callus myself to become okay with people saying that to my face. And it was a very hard journey and I still struggle with it to this day. So not all feedback is worth caring about not all feedback is worth changing your decisions with your marketing, your product development, how you sell things. Pay attention to the people that come into your programs and that stay. This is also why I Have a little bit of a different ranking between people who joined the accelerator and quit within 30 days. And those that stay on for a year. Okay, so that's kind of a law. So like another thing, if somebody's here for 30 days, they quit, they tell me, I'm the worst person in the world. They, they, they get knocked back down to this level, right here in my mind, of how I take their feedback. But I'm always open for feedback, I'm always there to receive feedback. But it just depends on if I'm going to actually apply it. And that's what I get to decide for myself in my own business. And so that's what I just want to encourage you is to stop. Make sure to get a lot of feedback from people. This is one of the most important parts of you actually developing your market. It might sound like I'm saying to not get feedback from people, from what I've just shared. You want to get a ton of feedback from people, you want to become a sponge for peer feedback. You want to encourage, beyond what seems like a normal level of feedback from people, but you want to learn how to sift and discern which ones are actually worth listening to, and which ones aren't. And the way that I do that really just depends on which level the feedback is coming from for me as far as that goes. And so why does that matter? Well, that then goes into what is our messaging? What sales copy? Do we write? How do we put our campaigns together? How do we structure everything? How do we structure our trainings, is based on the actual feedback that comes in? And so if you're wondering, how do I create the best offers, that close the most sales that make the most amount of money, that won't cost me a lot of money with my advertisement? How many of you want the best profits with your advertising campaigns? How many you want the best returns from your social media efforts? It comes by facilitating a ton of feedback coming at you, and learning how to discern what's the right feedback to gut to run with? And what's the feedback to ignore? Okay. So then when I look at, as I have a bucket of okay, here's the feedback, here's the data, everything that I do is really data and feedback driven. Here's the data that tells me what's going to be most profitable in my business. Part of the reason why I believe most people that are coaches and mentors are unsuccessful at selling, and attracting the right people as they just haven't met enough people yet. You just haven't had enough people in front of you. And so you got two ways to do that. You can either join different groups or programs, Facebook groups, you can read through comments from different influencers on their social media, and you can start to engage in that dialogue. But one of the best ways that I know is by you creating live events that you have, and you host, some kind of a VIP, that VIP can be as low as $1. If you want to do a free webinar and a $1, VIP,

[850:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you'll have people you'll get 100 registrations for free for free. And only 50 will actually pay you $1 Because that other 50 Really, by the fact that they're not willing to invest that $1 in getting a recording and asking you questions already demonstrates that they have disqualified themselves out of your circle. Okay. And listen, side note here, some of those people are going to try to convince you that that's wrong. Don't let anybody try to convince you that what you're doing in your business is wrong, I'm serious. I'm serious, there are people out there, they're going to try to convince you that the choices that you make in your business are just wrong, that they're bad, that you need to stop doing them that you need to do something else. If you haven't gotten that feedback from people, it's because you haven't engaged with enough human beings yet. Because you haven't talked with enough people learn to just get rid of worrying what any of them think about you. Period. This is so foundational to your success as a coach and mentor. Because what happens is when you literally just stop caring what these people think you become really good at sales. You don't got the chatter in your brain of the critics, the worry and the and if you still got that chatter, it might be some of your own judgment that we want to address, how you might be judging salespeople how you might be judging people that are in your position of leadership. I had something like that going on myself, or I had judged other salespeople that performed webinars where I had judged other leaders. You know, y'all hear me I worked for Danny Johnson. I had worked for my mom worked with Rick Pitino I had judgments for how they did things that I felt I was superior in. But guess what my superior arrogance wasn't making me the money that they were making. And so I had to lay down some of my judgments and realize, well, maybe there's a little bit of some success strategies behind the thing that I'm judging that person for. Maybe there's something that's going to elevate me to the next level in my business that I have blocked myself from, because I have judged another mentor for how they did that. You know, I look at this, there's some coaches that are out there. Gosh, we all judge people, I judge people all the time. There's, there's, there's, there's a guy out there. If I would say who's like the one that I probably are judgmental, towards the most some of the ways that he markets things. I think his name is Taylor Welch. He's probably a great guy. But I'm probably I'm a little bit judgmental with how some of his messaging is. But here's the thing, Taylor has made a lot of money. And so I came to grips with the other day, I was like, Is my judgment towards Taylor Welch preventing me from going to the next level of my business? I can guarantee you it was. And I've already unlocked a few of those areas where it has. And I've already looked at some of those things. And I've already addressed them. And I've already seen positive results by laying down some of those judgments that I had. If you all care about what some of those judgments that I've had are, I can mention them to you. You just asked me in the q&a time what some of those are. But I had to lay down some of the judgment that I had towards people I used to judge people that would charge for VIP q&a. Two years ago, if I saw a mentor that charged for q&a, oh, gosh, what kind of arrogant sob they think they are for doing that they're missing out on so much great feedback that can be getting. And now guess who where I am today, literally being the one that I judged, literally operating in the very way that I said that I would never do in my business. And it's been that one of the biggest catalysts that have actually made us a lot of money is the thing that I have judged for. Okay. So I want you to become aware of some of the ways that you might be critical of other coaches, other mentors, what you think that they're doing wrong, that they should be doing differently? You might be surprised that that thing that you think that they're doing wrong, some of you might even judge how I do things, you might be surprised that some of those things that you think that they're doing wrong, might actually be success strategies. You know, there's a documentary on Netflix right now. And I'm gonna watch it. I'm very interested to watch it. It's a damning look at the coaching industry. It makes all coaches look terrible. It talks about this relationship coach called I think it was like the twin flame coaching group, where they would help you find your twin flame, and they charge I think, like, $10,000, you became a certified twin flame coach, and all of this. And to be honest, I mean, there literally looks like exactly what I teach people. I'm like, Okay, there's a documentary on Netflix, that is telling people that what I'm teaching you is vile and wicked. But I want to watch it, and I want to see, and I watched some of the behaviors of these coaches, they were basically calling people stupid idiots that they didn't listen to them, telling them that they were just never gonna like, it was very mean and some of the stuff and they were psychologically basically acting as cult leaders, you want to be careful to not step into that cult leader category. I do have a little bit of judgment towards cult leaders, because I never want to be somebody that they people look at and say, oh, gosh, Jeremiah is just running this cult of coaches that are out there. But here's the thing. And I've come to grips with this. Building a cult, like following around your message is a very powerful success strategy. And one of the things that I was avoiding because of my fear of being a cult leader, gosh, I grew up in a cult. I didn't want to be that way. It prevented me from creating a message that people could rally around, because I didn't want to become one of those people. Does that make sense? And so listen, I want you sometimes to take a look at what are those things that you might judge other coaches for other mentors? And take a look at what if I did that in my business? Would it actually positively affect my cash flow? For most of us, the answer would be yes. And for me, a lot of the things that I judged other mentors for the answer was yes, it would increase my cash flow. But I will was unwilling to have people be mad at me and I had such a judgment of what I was willing to do that it was preventing me from doing the things that were going to create me a lot of money. And so this is why I've talked about this for the last year, we really have to be aware of how critical we are one of our superpowers as coaches is to be critical to look at what people are doing wrong, to look at what they need to do differently, to look at what needs to change in their life, to look at what they need to do better. That superpower can be one of our biggest detriments, because we can end up blocking ourselves from doing the things that will make us successful. Okay. And I think one of the biggest powerful strategies that can help you become successful is learning how to deliver a great presentation on video, how to deliver an incredible webinar, how to have whether it be pre recorded, or you do it live. And I actually think the art of pre recording, and even automating some of your webinars, it's a challenge, I can tell you this, my webinars, I still do them live, because I'm not necessarily the best when I'm pre recorded. At the same time, when I'm live, I'm not always the best, it's a give and take. But when you can learn the art and skill set of pre recording some of your content and delivering it and you can put yourself in the mindset that you're live. You can impact people at scale. And I'm looking at right now one of the judgments that I had of coaches and mentors that are out there are people that run these evergreen pre recorded webinars. But now I'm looking at how can I scale my business to the next level, and it's going to require me to start to run some more evergreen pre recorded webinars more often. So I have to come to grips with come face to face with my own judgments, my own decisions, am I willing to have people get angry with me and get pissed with the fact that I possibly pre recorded a session so that now I can actually host it more often, instead of having a webinar just being on a Saturday, I could have it be on Tuesday on Thursday on Saturday and ramp up my adspend, lower my budget, reach more people impact more people that way without having to be live all the time. If that's what I need to do to take myself to eight figures, I got some decisions that I need to make.

[998:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's one of the things that I think that I can pass on to you, as that there have become levels to this game of the decisions that you need to make, that are going to help you become very financially successful. You don't need to solve all of them at once. I'm not asking you to just lay down all your judgments and baba, baba, bah, don't judge and don't do that. Listen, it's nearly impossible to do that as a human being I've come to I've come to the revelation of that. That's not judges nearly impossible. We're always going to judge we're always going to say I won't do that. I don't want to do that. But if you can start to in your coaching business, prioritize cashflow, and impact and reaching more people with your message, it will start to become clear some of the activities that you might need to do differently. Okay, so that's why we're going to be we have a course in our members area called automated marketing secrets. I do teach you how to host a pre recorded webinar in that. But you got to know what do you actually say in that webinar? So there's a course called successful webinars and challenges where I actually go over what do you actually say on a live webinar, one of the best ways to know how to pre record a webinar or a training is to do it live a few times. And I know some of y'all are like, listen, nobody showed up to my webinar, I was devastated by that. I don't know if I could do it. Again, I promise you listen, if you can learn to grow in your pain tolerance, to be willing to rebound, to be more resilient, when things don't work out. When you can learn to get back on the horse and do the thing that maybe burned you last time. Maybe you ran a webinar, and nobody showed up and nobody became a client. Okay? That means there's room for improvement. That means we can adjust our sales copy. That means we can take the feedback from people and get a little bit clearer on what the messaging is. That means we can get a little bit more assertive with our sales message. That means that we can get a little bit better with how we actually sell what we're doing. That's all that it means. When you refuse to lose, and you decide I'm either going to win or I'm going to learn and you define losses and things not going how you want them to or how you're used to them going as learning experiences and opportunities for growth. And that you start to define the painful things in your life that are not going how you want them to as good things for you. Listen If I had one of the hardest weeks that I've ever experienced in the last week, and that taught me powerful lessons that are gonna change my life this past week, I am a different person today than I was two weeks ago, I can tangibly Look at that. And I didn't even have a therapy call. Life beat me up for the last two weeks harder than I've I've had. I think that I think the last hardest thing that life beat me up was when my son was born. Listen, incredible experience. But if you if any of y'all are parents, you know, that first month when the baby comes home changes you. Life beats you up and gives you a reality check. Life did that to me for the last two weeks. I was I it was probably about as difficult for me the last two weeks, as the first week when hosting came home. As the first month of marriage, gosh, living with a woman as a bachelor was a wake up call for me. Just any guy here who has been married knows that living with a woman after being a bachelor wake up call it shakes you up. When you can start to realize that the stuff that shakes you up, that's hard, that the hard stuff is actually for your benefit. And that you can grow with it. And you start to look at it as being really good. That when things don't go how you want it to say, great. This is another opportunity. This is another possibility for me to rise above this, that I don't need to be defeated by this, but that the next season and the next step is going to be even better when you can have that hope. I can impart one thing to y'all is the resilience that I have learned over the last 10 years is that nothing can defeat me that nothing can can can necessarily disappoint me, I might feel disappointed temporarily. But then I can move past it quickly. And it's not disassociating from it, it's actually making a decision that okay, this happened, come to the reality check of it, instead of avoiding it leaning into what hurts leaning into what's hard, leaning into what seems like a struggle to say guess what my breakthrough is on the other side of this. And that if I avoid this, I'm actually going to repeat this pattern again. That the more that I avoid the hard stuff, I'm going to repeat this happening to me again. And the more I've learned that the more successful I've gotten and the more money that I've made. And it's been incredible. Okay, so that was our training here for today. I hope that that helps you, I hope that this instill some faith in you. I hope that this inspires you listen, technology can slap you in the face more than anything else. The Facebook pixel is one of the hardest things to learn, I think, really is. That's why we're putting together the Facebook pixel clarity course. That's why I spent a whole session just breaking down the history of what the Facebook pixel is. Because I realized, I think you'll like really need to understand how this pixel came to be. Why something so weird exists. And then I'm going to dive into the nuances of really how to use it to your advantage. Because when you can learn if you guys, if every one of y'all out there right now watching this, if you're watching this recorded, or you're on here, live with me knew what I knew up here about your business. Every one of you will be making six figures. If I could just take what I know. And gosh, maybe with neural link, I don't know how I feel about neuro link, I think that there might be better technologies, the neural link. I don't I don't know how I feel about plugging something into your brain. But if I could hypothetically, take all the stuff that I know over the last 20 years of marketing, about the coaching and course business and just plop it in your brain. Y'all would make six figures fast, and you know what to do with it. That's what the courses are. That's what the members area is, is me dumping out what I my brain is and putting that in there. And I'm even developing some AI to be able to help you do this. We've been testing out taking some of our courses and bringing them into trained AI that can help answer your questions I want to have, I want to I want to create a Facebook pixel helper for you guys. That's basically an AI that's trained on what I teach to really help you with the Facebook pixel. That's something that I'm working on right now as part of this pixel clarity course, I want to show you all how to use Zoom to do pre recorded webinars how we use Zoom to grow our business. If I if if you guys knew what I know about building your business and you kept it really simple, you'd be making six figures. So that's what the courses are. That's what we're developing. That's what we're building out. That's why we added the checklists and we're adding more checklists that if any of the courses are in there that don't have a checklist yet. We will be adding it here very shortly this month. Okay. So listen, I'm going to take some questions here. Thanks for being here. Thanks y'all for, for listening here today. And I'm excited to help you move forward with your business and to start to make just a ridiculous amount of money. That's my goal is to just help you become extremely wealthy at what you do. So all right, Michelle, Michelle, how are you?

[1126:16] Speaker 0: I am great. How are you? Good.

[1127:04] Michelle Plucinsky: So I'm one of those people who has to listen and do something to retain it. So last night, I listened to your Facebook pixel. And as a visual learner, it totally made sense, because I was like, What is this damn Pixel THING? Like? So I'm really excited for your course to come out. Cool.

[1131:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: That first lesson to that actually did that help? Yeah,

[1132:25] Michelle Plucinsky: it helped me like to know the history because I'm also a history buff, like to kind of stay on that, then I just moved to the Florida now I'm not so intimidated by it. So yes. Awesome.

[1135:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool. Then. Go ahead. And by the way, you want to know like a little hack that I do after I do a training like this, because I wasn't reading the chat. Yeah, I copied the whole chat into into, into poll right here. And I asked it make me a list of any of the questions that were asked. So it says based on this, oh, it looks like it's not working, we'll bring it in the chat GPT and do it. Anyways, that's something that I do. Make me a list of any questions asked in the chat below. That's a great way to like utilize AI to kind of save you some time. As far as that goes. Here's a list of questions asked in the chat. Let me cover these real quick and then I'll jump to sue here. Sherry said, how do you create all those checklists? Okay, I told you that. Have you ever used the AI and zoom? Would you still? Would you still the GPT training for updated prompts? What does that mean? Tammy? Would you still update you were talking about doing the prompts. The GPT? Is training. Yeah. Can you or just briefly give us some info on that? Yeah, yeah, I can give you a real brief just, if you have chat GPT Plus, there's this thing called GP Ts, and you get to go in here, if you have access to this, basically, you go in and you click Create a GPT. And they have this creator and you dialogue with it. It basically if you wanted to do something custom, how you would build it out to do that. So I'm gonna show you an example here, I made one that creates Facebook posts for me. And I went through here and I configured it with a back and forth dialogue. And so it created a custom instructions right here. Basically, I created this GPT. So if I do this, if I take, oh goodness, if I take this outline from the six steps to six figures, and I just copy this into this GPT right here, it can actually create me a Facebook post based off of all that text, because I programmed it to do that. So it's gonna take this raw data right here, and it's gonna take one topic and credit Facebook posts, I got some exciting news, our latest lesson about landing page design, we're keeping it simple focusing on a few tools, this approach is all about ease and effectiveness. Plus, you can learn we're gonna dive deep into all of this, don't worry, we got you covered by the end of this. The best part you can start pulling in those leads, keep it simple. Let's make funnel magic happen. So like if I was telling somebody about that lesson. Basically, I created a Facebook post that talks about that lesson, just by pasting it in here. But how did I create that? GPT. So it's called a GPT. You go here, and you basically tell it Hi, I'm the GPT builder. What would you like this to do? So I can say, I want to create a oh, here, here's one, I want to create something that generates the best headlines based on client information. And that asks me strategic questions about my client for coaching businesses. Okay, so literally, it's going to now it does this thing where it says updating GPT. And it creates a custom instruction that you can go back to and use like an app. So really, it's the idea behind custom instructions. But now what it did was it created this GPT behavior called headline strategist. And it created this your role is to generate compelling so it's actually generating these like your role statements. You'll actively engage with users with strategic questions about their clients while generating this. And so you get to name it, and it'll save it to your GPT list right here. So I created one that can act as a therapist, I created one that creates podcast titles. I created one that creates responses to it. Put her post, I created one that reformats checklists in their uniform format. Oh, here's one, I want you to take any transcript from a course. And create a detailed checklist that users can follow the step by step have any action points that they should take. So it's going to go in and basically create itself, its own sort of version of that to be able to do that. That sounds good. Okay, so it ends up building out the sort of specialized GPT that transforms course transcripts into step by step checklists. So now, instead of me telling them to do that each time, I just click on the action tracker. And then I can paste any course in there. And so this saves me a bunch of different time to be able to do that. It's like if I just take this transcript right here, the art of promotion. And I'll take this transcript right here. We'll scroll down. Oh, why is that disabled, I need to turn that back up. I'll turn on copying and pasting for you guys as far as this goes. Let's just take one of the one of these lessons right here. If I take this lesson right here, this transcript, and now I go into this GPT, we can test it out, I pasted the transcript and without even telling it what to do. It already knows that I wanted to create a checklist of what was talked about. Create that in that format. So it's configured that way. And so then when I if I would say I want each checklist line, so this is how we optimize it, to have a checkmark emoji next to it, instead of a bulleted list, make the line make the lowest line have a checkmark emoji. So then what I might do is I might take the emoji right here, check mark, just to tell it like that, it's going to update the GPT to instead of it being like this, where there's no checkmarks, it's going to actually create, it's going to update my instructions to actually generate it that way. So you can really dial in with a back and forth dialogue with the GPT, the actual actions that you wanted to take as far as that goes to create the type of things that you want it to do. Let's see that it actually updated it as far as that goes. Now, let's see here that can actually do this if I save it. But that's how you create a custom GPT. And so it then goes into like your list here of GPT is that you can use and do things like that, that are already pre programmed to do different types of stuff. So Tammy, hopefully that like that makes sense as far as that goes. And like, how do you actually use that? Let's see, Kevin Weinberger says what are external and internal signals and cues that you pick up on how to try to look ahead of a relationship escalating to that before you disengage. Kevin, let me let me take these questions after I do Sue, here and then I'll take Tamizh questions. Let me jump over to Sue here. And then I will take Kevin and Tamizh questions after this. What's up Sue? How are you?

[1255:47] Sue McGarvie: I'm honestly I'm frustrated. It's been a month of me doing Facebook ads, and I still can't get them consistently I think I need like remedial tech. I you know, you whip through all this stuff. And I'm like, I you know, you sort of get it and then you know I'll look at it it is now I'm thinking of developing an aversion because every time I sit down with this stuff, I'll get to the ad set and then I will get to the the ads I just did one where I was trying to upload a video and it keeps telling me the video is too small and it needs to be it needs to be you know 1k More like over in order to upload and it's a two minute video with extra pictures. I don't want it to be any longer. I just feel I honestly I feel really I still a month in I feel really overwhelmed. I've listened to your Facebook ads for basically three times. I have notes I have studied it and I still not seem to be working I hired somebody for pixels. I've spent money on it and it's not going so I don't know I don't know what to do next. Um I've got other stuff going on and I can work on everything else the Facebook ads is not going well. So thoughts

[1274:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's the yeah let's get specific as to what's not going well.

[1275:45] Sue McGarvie: Okay. Well, I said I'm just here now on my you know, on my Facebook page and I can't see my ads manager and I can't like I said I go to go to upload a video I worked on the video worked on the video worked on the video, got it transcribed, got captions, got it ready to go. Go and then it keeps telling me that it's too small to upload

[1281:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: is the size of the video file too smaller the demand currently my

[1282:01] Sue McGarvie: size of my video is too small. Apparently it's a two minute video that has been you know, that's that's, I think is as ready to go as I want it to do for an ad. And how can a two minute video be too small for me

[1285:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: the size of the dimensions of the frame itself?

[1286:18] Sue McGarvie: So okay, because it did that it because it said it needed to be 1k in order to do that. And I'm like, every time I honestly bitch about it, but I'm just honestly I you know, in any time I went, you know, I tried to find somebody who knows, and I got a guy in Bangladesh, he's unavailable, all your people are unavailable. I am just looking for next steps. If you have, I don't want to give up. But I'm, I'm I'm really at the end of my rope with this.

[1293:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what are you frustrated with the most? Well,

[1294:08] Sue McGarvie: again, anytime frustrated with I get to the ad set, I've managed to get that with the pixels with the with the audience that I want, I go to put up the ads. And again, it's either too small, they won't accept them. They that they disappear. Okay,

[1298:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: so the one where they didn't accept them? Did you see some of those? Yes,

[1300:04] Sue McGarvie: I did. And I fixed it. And I find I made it as PG as possible, which is you know, as a sex therapist is going against what I you know, I need to do, but whatever I am trying to get in, and that's not your problem. That's a frustration with Facebook. But if I could get them consistent, because I'm spending they're spending money and I'm not even sure what I'm doing wrong. I spend probably, you know, I honestly put it away all last week because I just I had it, but look at it and go what am I doing wrong? Like you know, I don't know if you have a troubleshooting tips for Facebook. Like if you're doing this wrong, here's what it is.

[1309:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, I think it's I think it's figuring out the so like these different stages that you're getting stuck out. Like you said the size mean too much. It's not the length of the video. If it says 1k It almost certainly has to probably do it the size of the like the frame itself might be too small. How

[1313:42] Sue McGarvie: do you do that? If you're doing it on your phone? What do you suggest?

[1314:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So let's you had mentioned that you had gotten it transcribed and stuff like that. Where did we transcribe it? Yeah.

[1316:00] Sue McGarvie: Captions? Yeah, no, I didn't. I didn't transcribe it. I put it in captions got the trans captions. I've downloaded every the app you've suggested. Yeah.

[1319:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's just I can't get it. I usually go from captions into the media library itself.

[1320:40] Sue McGarvie: Okay, which I maybe I'm not finding it. I'm just going to it says I'm in editing your two ad sets dynamic creative. Yeah.

[1323:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: The Media Library is right here. They're all tools matter that it's under media library.

[1325:37] Sue McGarvie: Okay. That's fair. I'm because I'm in I'm in business dot Facebook dot select, as opposed to Mehta. Okay.

[1328:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: You'll want to be in business.facebook.com yeah.com/select

[1329:04] Sue McGarvie: is where I get there. Okay.

[1330:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yep. So you got here from here and you click on your business manager? Yep. And then from here, is where you actually access the features of your business manager. That's

[1333:27] Sue McGarvie: not showing up on mine. Okay, that's it. That's I'm not seeing the screen, I guess. Are

[1334:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: you able to share your screen share? Sure. Yeah.

[1335:50] Sue McGarvie: share my screen. Okay. Just a second. Let me see where

[1336:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: it might even be this as simple as like, if you record what you're seeing and then posted in the group, we could go back and forth and kind of get this worked out for

[1338:54] Sue McGarvie: just a second. I've got my screen up. Yeah. Let me give you access

[1340:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: to share your screen. And this is yeah, this is great. As far as being able to kind of do this.

[1342:27] Speaker 4: The second I'm trying to find where you are now. Oh, sorry, Jeremiah. Like it's just it's too many things open.

[1345:16] Sue McGarvie: share my screen. Okay. Here it is. Can you see it?

[1346:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do not see it right now. Okay, just

[1347:22] Speaker 4: a second. Let's find out what I've done differently. Share Screen.

[1350:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Share. Okay, awesome. Yeah, so you're in the right place. Um, let's click on see the three lines over on the side. Yep. Click on that on all tools. And then and then media libraries in the bottom corner for you. So they rank them based on how often you click on them. So then you want them to send you a quick code to your phone? Yeah. Yep. So what I do usually Lego from captions into Google Drive And then this is where I actually upload the video file itself because I tried doing it the way that you were doing it, and it gave me the same error message last week. Yeah. So here's where we go Ad Account media. Okay. Click on that. And then you select an Ad Account at the top. And, yep, there it is. So then if it's a video, you have to have to click on video. Okay, click Add Media add video, oh,

[1368:11] Sue McGarvie: my Dropbox? Because that's where my Facebook ads, look at that. Okay.

[1369:43] Speaker 0: I'll show it up just a second notice not showing it. For whatever reason. It's not wondering

[1371:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: if because it's in a cloud? Isn't a cloud folder? Has it downloaded that file to your local computer?

[1373:34] Sue McGarvie: I'd hoped to in my vs in my Dropbox is that's what it needs to do. Because I Yeah, yeah.

[1374:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I'm noticing some of the these files have a checkmark next to them and others have a cloud? Yeah, it's not necessarily able to use the Cloud Files.

[1377:43] Sue McGarvie: Okay, so important safety tip. Let's put that in your next training. I just like doing my

[1379:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: own party of that's part of the reason why I don't use Dropbox. I use Google Drive.

[1380:33] Sue McGarvie: I try to do the Google Drive. It doesn't you know what, it doesn't show up? I've just in fairness I've just moved to. But yeah, show me where I get my show me where if I access my Google Drive, because it's in both

[1383:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would access Google Drive just through the web browser. Okay, or access your ads in Dropbox to the web browser instead of on your computer. Okay, so that might be a piece of that is if we go to dropbox.com That's gonna be the fastest way for us to do this. Let's go to Dropbox like in your in your web browser real quick.

[1388:54] Speaker 0: Okay. We do cancel, right. That's fine. So

[1390:21] Sue McGarvie: up. So it's also in Google Drive, actually.

[1391:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, perfect. Awesome. Yeah. And here's the thing, like, once I can see what you're seeing, I'm able to really

[1393:22] Sue McGarvie: because you're because in fairness, you're awesome. Jeremiah, you like really? You are? And and you know, anybody that's taking shots at you. I'm like, you know,

[1395:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've learned just not this not that. Confidence is

[1396:40] Sue McGarvie: not my issue. Like, yeah, let's let's let's so

[1397:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: funny, though, confidence has been one of my biggest issues. So funny. I'm like

[1398:46] Sue McGarvie: anybody's doing it. It's like, see, right? It's, and anybody, any Canadians telling you, they just realize they're crazy. And the rest of

[1400:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: us and I love Canadians, but we're usually really polite. So that one, just don't, don't take your ticker. And so let's click on let's click on

[1403:10] Sue McGarvie: here. All right, where's my Google Drive? I'm gonna click

[1404:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: right over here on Google Apps.

[1405:11] Sue McGarvie: Okay, where am I? I can't see you just got my stuff. So where is it? I usually find my Google Apps. Google Apps

[1407:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: right here.

[1407:52] Sue McGarvie: You've got the little pictures in front of everybody in front of me, so I can't see it.

[1409:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I gotcha. Uh huh. What's right here and then there's your Google Drive.

[1411:05] Sue McGarvie: For you, so the new the latest one uploaded at 12:32pm should be my new my new upload. Okay, load because I did it so

[1413:50] Speaker 0: that you should be able to okay, this has given me

[1415:39] Sue McGarvie: doing my little video. But yeah, this video is private all in Facebook, but all

[1417:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, here's what I did right here. This little button right here. Again,

[1418:30] Sue McGarvie: I'm gonna I'm gonna see if I can move my picture. So because I can't see you guys. Yeah.

[1420:15] Speaker 0: Okay, those

[1421:19] Sue McGarvie: whatever. Anyway, okay, so do that.

[1422:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Share your screen again. Mm

[1423:34] Speaker 4: hmm. Do there it is.

[1424:47] Speaker 0: Sure. Sure. The

[1425:20] Sue McGarvie: stuff you know the stuff you bought on the internet that doesn't fit or you don't require batteries. Did you get my drift? Was it all stolen? Packages? Yeah. Are all downstairs.

[1428:26] Speaker 0: Yeah, they

[1428:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: close this out. Or click away from it? It looks like you shared the wrong screen. It just shared the inside the window.

[1432:16] Speaker 4: I don't know. So you just get Okay.

[1433:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see anything now.

[1433:33] Sue McGarvie: You can't see anything now. Okay. Let's just see if we can figure I'm gonna escape. I'm going to go Yeah.

[1435:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Let me I can mouse over it here. Let me just do this here. Real quick. Upload. Over here. See this right here? It says Download. Yeah. This will let you download it to your computer. And then you let that finish. A little bit, then we go to the media library, upload video. And there, we had a cloud. Great. So if it has a checkmark, you should be able to upload it. If it doesn't, that's why it's giving you issues saying it's too small. Okay, so now that's going to upload and you should be able to do it. Okay. So there's like kind of one thing is just kind of, again,

[1446:01] Sue McGarvie: it's small, little fiddly. Those that get caught up and you just, you're like, I see it, I can't access it. And, or

[1448:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: the nuance is, I didn't know from my perspective that you were using Dropbox that it was working that way. So so that makes it like until I see that okay, now that's what's going on.

[1451:33] Sue McGarvie: On Google Drive, I guess if it wasn't on my computer, it doesn't work. Okay. important safety tip. So again,

[1452:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: you should be able to use this video file to make an ad. Okay. In the ads manager, who just go if we go back here, I'll show you. Once it's in the media library, do you know how to access it once it's there? I have

[1458:45] Sue McGarvie: was Michelle, who was saying that you know that sometimes you have to actually do it a bunch of times before you get it? And then sometimes, yeah,

[1460:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it says right here single. Yep. I don't use multi advertiser. And then I will click on ad creative.

[1463:34] Speaker 0: Let's see new leads.

[1464:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to remove and then you go add video. And then here's that file right there. That's next. Okay. Next Next. Insurance as original done, I leave all that. And now there's that and you can add your copy and all that into it. So that's how you would. Okay.

[1469:30] Sue McGarvie: That's helpful. And now you've recorded so I can go back here. Have you? Well, yeah, definitely. Why? Oh, and so thank you, Jeremiah. And

[1471:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really thought there's anything else like that? Um, you could do a quick little, you know, it'd be like a quick screen recording. Yeah, I do. So I'll do that. And you can post it in the group and say, Okay, here's what I'm doing. Here's what I'm trying to do, or just film it on your phone. And then I can be like, okay, yeah, okay. Help me out with that. Because I'm

[1475:59] Sue McGarvie: just thinking there's got to be other, you know, middle aged people who are just doing in the same place who really get it. But yeah, as I said, it's not it's been hours. It's not the audience. It's not delivering. It's not the content. It's the tech. If I can get the tech smooth, we're

[1479:59] Speaker 0: away. Yeah. Well, let's

[1480:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: help you get the tech smooth. That's, you know,

[1481:39] Sue McGarvie: and what's the problem? I really am, if I can find somebody that I trust that can do it because it's accessing to my life, right. It's all I totally

[1483:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: know. Let's do it. This is great. So I'm glad we solved that. Thank you. thing that comes up that you get stuck on let's, let's let's work on it together in the group, and I think we can help you.

[1486:30] Speaker 0: Perfect. Appreciate it. All right. Cool.

[1487:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Michelle, do you have another question real quick?

[1488:28] Michelle Plucinsky: My other question, I actually I have to, I'll ask you the first one, like, how do you react to people not being on the screen? When I look at like, I mean, sometimes I'm washing dishes or something, I'm still listening to you. But I take my video off. And when I look, there, maybe are two people engaged, but rest are off screen? How do you keep that mental state, like you've got an audience talking to,

[1493:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't concern myself with what other people are doing is one of that. So much to where it's like, actually, when I talk, like when I was actually talking earlier, I hid all the windows, everybody's faces, I actually do better without seeing people, if I'm talking, if I'm one on one with you, I want to see your face. And if I'm talking to a group of people, I hide it, okay, completely. Because I can get caught up and assuming that the fact that they're not on screen, or they made a look that something happened when really like, their their child might have like, you know, bit their toe or something. And they were like, ah So, so it's like, in the Zoom world, I cannot minimize that as far as that goes. And I don't even really worry about that. One thing that I have learned, and this came from trial and error is how to captivate an audience when I'm talking. How to make sure that people do stay engaged. And so I'm more look at that. As far as like, the way I learned that, to be honest, was watching other speakers that I really love to listen to. Okay, so what I do is I listen to other teachers and speakers and how they command the room, how they sort of like you're really directing the thoughts of people that are watching you when you're teaching. You're really directing them at scale. And again, if you either overwhelm them, or you are boring, they'll check out out. So sometimes I can sense okay, I just overwhelmed people. Because I do it without, it's more of a happens accidentally for me, I don't mean to. But I realize, okay, I can almost guarantee you I overwhelmed everybody just now. So that's why and I pause and I'm like, Hey, let's, let's get refocused here, let's pay attention. Because I know internally, because I've been doing it long enough that they probably checked out at that point. And you

[1526:49] Michelle Plucinsky: have a script that you're kind of looking at to stay on or No,

[1527:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I started. So okay, here's a great, there's a course in the members area called more effective teaching and coaching, where I do go over how I do that. So in the beginning, as I coach, and actually I do this now, oftentimes, as I'll chat GPT helped me with this, where I will have like bullet points that I want to at least touch on. And so I'll have a look. So like, if

[1535:05] Michelle Plucinsky: you're not engaging with someone, it seems like you could easily get off track. I'm not saying you do, but like, yeah, that's the point that you're trying to get, because you're not getting feedback. You're not looking at anyone, they're not nodding and agreeing or anything.

[1538:35] Speaker 0: Yeah.

[1539:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um,

[1539:56] Michelle Plucinsky: I mean, you're good at it. But I'm just curious. I like yeah, no,

[1541:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know, I know, a lot of teachers, this is interesting. You're asking this question. It's a really good question. So really good question that I love. Because one of my favorite people in the world, Georgia and ban off, asked me this exact same question about five years ago. Because he can, this is Georgia and right here, he's, he's almost 80 years old. And he does webinars and challenges and make seven figures. And then they donate money to these kids to help rescue them out of trafficking. It's amazing. So he makes millions of dollars with his courses. And then he helps like these kids, and he is literally the most genuine like person in the world. Like I would say, him and I definitely have like a very kindred spirit even together and like our personalities. You know, if I look at like, how I want to be as a man, like when I'm older is Georgie and inspires me in that way. He really does. He loves technology. He loves all this. But like he gets his he gets confused by the simplest stuff, too. And so one of the questions he asked me is like Jeremiah, and he has this Bulgarian accent. So he's like, Hey, Jeremiah, can you help me do this? Like, that's how he talks. He's so cute when he does it. But like, he's like, I can talk to an audience and gauge what they say to me. Um, but like, oh, sorry, I wish I was actually sharing the wrong screen here, which is funny. This is Georgie and right here. If you don't know him, that's him. Right? There was some of the kids that they've helped they build orphanages and stuff around the world. And he sells millions of dollars in, in Christian bass, training classes, and they do challenges. And it follows the same process, we actually have developed a lot of what we teach in this program, from what we've tested with Georgia, and because it was so hard to actually market and get sales. So he sells these $300 classes. Some of them are $400. And the first question he asked me is like, I can teach a like onstage when I see people's faces. But how do I do that when I don't see them? And I told him, I said, part of it is you learn how to imagine that you're talking to a group of people in front of you. And you imagine what they might be thinking now there's a negative part of this where you can get caught up in your head and all the negative criticism, it's turning off the negative and assuming that everybody you're talking to loves you, assuming that everybody that you're talking to really like tears about what you're talking about, and 5% how they might respond. Yeah,

[1583:52] Michelle Plucinsky: right. Like if we think of it says that 5% They're here because they want to be here. They're engaged.

[1585:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Kim says she went to his school that's all Yeah, he's amazing. Yes, Georgie and is amazed like he really is like the nicest most amazing. And listen, he he has some of the worst haters I've ever seen on the internet too. He really does. They're so mean to him.

[1590:44] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay, last question is yeah, if we go into our membership does it say when we signed up with you because if you're having Black Friday specials, the Tuesday thing I want to make sure I don't miss signing up, but it adds on to what I have.

[1594:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not having any black friday specials for this program. Okay. There's no Black Friday deal. Okay, no, the the enrollment is open for new members. I may. I'm not sure if I do it. What I'm giving away for Black Friday is like a $5 Like a micro like lead magnet to people that are like have not engaged with me while everybody who's in here is going to get that for free anyways, so Okay, so

[1602:08] Michelle Plucinsky: when my subscription is up, I'll just get something to renew. So I don't have to pay for

[1603:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: this. Yeah, so the subscription renews unless it's cancelled in here, okay? As far as that goes, so it's for it's for like a year minimum. But then if you're paying monthly, it renews as far as that goes. And as you write in, like we have some people say how I wanted to save for a year, so we refunded them that last payment and stuff like that, if they didn't want to stay beyond that. But if you want to just stay on, it's still just do that automatically. As far as beautiful. Thank you. Yeah, yeah. Awesome. Okay, Kevin, real quick. I wanted to so you logged off, and you came back? What's up? Kevin, you got like, a list of questions you gave me right here, which I love that we wrote them down. But let's dialogue on these a little bit here real quick. Are you able to come on the microphone? Kevin? Okay, I don't know if he has, what are external or internal signals or cues you look for to try to look ahead of a relationship escalating that you want to disengage. Again, I might need a little bit more clarity as what you mean by that. It's less than what they're saying. And more, it's definitely more how I'm feeling. Um, if I'm just getting a sense that like, this isn't somebody I want to hang out with, I don't need to growing up, I was forced to hang out with people that I felt uncomfortable around. And I realized, like, I don't need to do that anymore as an adult, like, if I don't want to, like, engage with somebody, I don't need to. But I will go based off of like, if they're actually saying something rude or nasty, or belligerent, I have quite a tolerance for being able to like, vibe with people back and forth. But there comes a point where it's just like,

[1629:35] Speaker 0: No,

[1630:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: if they're constantly telling me what they disagree with with me, I'm like, okay, like, that's not getting us anywhere. We're just like at a stalemate. So I'm so focused on my goal so much that I really just kind of stop, like, okay, if I'm feeling like this isn't working. Then I'm going to disengage with it. Kevin, are you? Are you here at all? And then he says, How do you ever engage with a customer when they're coming at you in a perceived hyper vigilant state? Did you hear my last answer that I gave you, Kevin?

[1640:17] Kevin Winebarger: Hey, I'm here. Yes, I've heard all of it. I'm so sorry about that. I had a crying kid downstairs that I needed to check on. So no worries

[1641:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I get ya. Got my little guy. Yeah, he can cry with the best of them. Sometimes I'm like, Oh, my gosh, I hope the neighbors don't hear this. So but it is what it is. They all know we got a little baby here. Okay, so you heard the first question I gave? Yeah, you have any follow up questions to that? Not

[1648:21] Kevin Winebarger: Not really, yeah, I just I I'm in the job I'm in I have so many inquiries, and so many customers, things, that it's just a matter of math before. You're gonna have people either get confused about stuff or trying to absorb

[1652:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: the corporate setting. It's a little bit different if you're working for somebody else. Because they're, they put you in that role to engage at some point. And so if it becomes too much for you, you may need to talk with like your manager about that. Or figure out like, do I need to like, figure out why this is bothering me the most maybe somebody else needs to do that for you.

[1659:12] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah, I'm talking about this Spotify promotion stuff, because I'm self employed. But um, okay, I got this. Yeah, I just have like a lot of people that hit me up with a lot of questions. And so I'm trying to find that space where I feel like there's the questions to

[1663:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: answer. What are the ones that make you really anxious?

[1664:13] Kevin Winebarger: Um, yeah. Is that a rhetorical question, or no, it's

[1665:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: real. It's a really? Yeah,

[1665:42] Kevin Winebarger: I think the ones that bother me are when someone is projecting their disappointment of their results on my quality of work, rather than their song.

[1668:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: And are they actually doing that?

[1669:18] Kevin Winebarger: Um, I think sometimes they are, and sometimes they're not,

[1670:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: and sometimes they're not, but you're gonna be assuming they are. Because I do the same thing. So I get it totally.

[1672:11] Kevin Winebarger: But but then also, too, it's like, I'm improving with every campaign. I'm learning stuff, too. It's not just like a well, we do what we do. And if your song sucks, oh, well, it's not that at all. Yeah. And I want to make sure that it doesn't come across that way. And just due to the volume of clients, I can't just like hop on the phone. I

[1677:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: have. Yeah, I have a moment where I have a moment where I'm like, Okay. I tried to win engage with somebody. And then I have sort of like an internal breaking point for me where I'm just like, Yeah, this isn't going anywhere, right? So I've sort of developed that through trial and error of working with gosh, I remember when I worked with Christ for the Nations Institute, because I was in charge of their whole marketing department. So any messaging that went out from the entire college came through my desk. Oh, gosh, so this was over 50 departments asking me to do all their marketing. So it was like running an agency, I had 12 staff members under me doing everything. And I only prioritize for an entire year, what brought in new students, and that pissed a lot of people off. Because literally, they were like, we've done this, like, every year since whatever, and you're telling me you're not going to do my project? And I'm like, no, because it's not going to bring in students in the next two months. And then they would have a board meeting, and they would try to get me fired and stuff. And I'm like, and literally, the board would be like, Nope, you got to do what Jeremiah says. And then they would quit the next day, I had over 15 people quit department heads because of that. I took it personally, because I'm like, Oh my gosh, I didn't want these people to quit. Like looking back, I'm like, I actually did a badass job. That's why they saw so much growth during that season. I made some mistakes, too. But a lot of those mistakes, were just because I didn't know any better. So

[1703:12] Kevin Winebarger: totally. Yeah, I think part of it for me is that I have a I don't know if it's a trigger or sensitive spot of being misunderstood. And so to when I have when I have things that get like in this either accusatory or like, I'm sharing, I'm disappointed, but I'm not taking any note notable ownership of as far as like, what I can change. Yeah. I, and they're sort of putting that in my lap. I'm trying to discern like, how much do you respond, because what I do is either like, respond with an extremely generous, informative, compassionate email that takes like 20 minutes to respond to, or it's like, I'm just like, Have a good day, you know, and I don't really have a whole lot in between,

[1716:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: are you looking at the chat we got David and Cindy are saying that deal with that, too. I got a number of people in our program here. Because here's the thing, I've dealt with that as well, I'm still dealing with it. And I find we attract what we most struggle with the most to as coaches. So this has been one of my biggest struggles for the last year. And so it's not surprising to me that there's a lot of people here in the group that also are dealing with this because I think that we have a similar background and things like that, as far as where this comes from. One sense is to know that I'm for a portion of your life, up to now being understood what created safety and security for you. So that wired you to that if I misunderstood, I'm unsafe.

[1729:52] Kevin Winebarger: And so enrolled, and a lot of and this is something I haven't another like business mentor, he's told me, part of the reason why this is magnified is like 90 to 95% of my people come in through referrals. And so if I can create a marketing strategy that's coming in through some other lead generation thing, I won't be as concerned about crap talking, you know, potential. Totally, totally. And so I get that argument as well. But it's like,

[1738:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I flipped I flipped the perspective, which is funny, I am less concerned if it came through a referral. I'm actually more concerned if it comes through my funnel, because I know that my funnel is dialed in so much, that if that's coming into my funnel, I need to change it. But if it's coming through a referral, like gosh, I got some really weird people that I met through Rick and through Joshua and George Ian, but like, I'm not really too worried about them being pissed off at me. Because they're they more fit the referral persons market than me.

[1749:11] Kevin Winebarger: Got it. Okay. That's, that's interesting. Yeah. So that the email, like I responded to this morning was someone who has had not as good results as all the people she's been referring to me. Oh, I got upset about it. And she heads up this, like Writing Collective and was like, I'd love to keep referring people to you, almost as if it's like a if you don't make this right, like, I'm going to stop. I'm going to try to show

[1755:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: you had a conversation with her and said, Hey, do you have a problem with how we've been working together? Well,

[1757:33] Kevin Winebarger: so she she I've told her a couple things. One, I told her in her last campaign. I was like, you know This song, you know that you need to work with better producers in the future and that it's not, it's not showing your best foot your best, you know, Song forward. It's not it's not presenting it in the best way. And she's like, Yeah, I'm working with new producers and all this kind of stuff. So she's been taking steps forward. But she'd already ordered promos on our old songs. And this last song just like did not do well with people. And what I found was curators, were adding it because they love the song, but listeners weren't listening to it because the production wasn't good enough. And so I basically said that via email, and I was like, you know, you can't really compare to, you know, Scott, he referred to me, you spent three grand for production, you know? Yeah.

[1770:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay.

[1771:21] Kevin Winebarger: I see what's going. That makes sense. So I think, like, I'm trying to help people give their best foot forward and like, it doesn't if you have like, an okay production, but it's your best like, Yeah, still gotta try to put it out there and still do something. It's not trying to take anybody's money. It's trying to help people like, do the best that they can. I thought it would do well, I was surprised, as well. I wasn't surprised that it didn't blow up. But I was surprised that it bombed.

[1778:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I've had to deal with it. I've had to deal with this when like, I really liked the copy that somebody writes, and then nobody signs up for their webinar. Sure. And I'm like, okay, so based on like, what I knew at the time, because here's the thing, and this is how I've explained it to people, we have to look at what the marketplace responds to, because that's the ultimate end indicator. If I if I could predict the market, I would be a billionaire or more by now I'm not able to fully predict the market. 100%. So that's one of the first things like leveling with people reality. Okay. The next thing is, is I would use chat, GBT, what you just said that you would like, tell them how you like, would write them, I would see your chat, GBT could help you say it a little bit softer. I think learning how to communicate a little bit softer, when you point out something that they're doing wrong is a little bit better. Okay? Because that will help you. Because really what's happening something like what you told me that you said to them, if that's how you set it, it does read a little bit defensive on your part gern. And so as a leader, because I see you as a leader, and I think everybody here needs, we need to see ourselves as leaders, we need to learn to not get defensive about anything at all, even if somebody is blaming us even if they're acting that way. And there's a way to not be a pushover to not have somebody walk all over us and still not be defensive. And what it is, is you really just sort of like give them the benefit of the doubt of how they're feeling. And acknowledge that and then see and become really curious about what's really going on beneath the surface. So as somebody that's like serving different people, service providers and stuff like that, I always have a conversation of like, okay, well, how would you like this to work out? And what do you want to happen? And then like, you know, do you know why it's not happening? Like, see if they understand why it's not happening? In their own words, instead of you telling them this is why it's not happening, see if they can explain to you why it's not happening. And that's where you might actually find the disconnect, where you can turn it into more of a, a teaching moment, rather than like, Hey, you're doing this wrong, you're misunderstanding. Sure, one element to it. And I think there's more nuance to this layer. Yeah, I will definitely be leaning into talking about this some more. But I've definitely had to come to grips with like, Okay, if I misunderstood, a, there's two things that are true at the same time. One, it's my responsibility to make sure that I am understood. At the second time. Some people are just going to misunderstand me and that's okay. And so it's identifying. In one sense, you may want to have a certain quality control as to who you decide to run their Spotify ads for

[1822:47] Kevin Winebarger: 100%. So you get the gut

[1823:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: feeling this ad isn't going to run, you might need to tell them hey, I'm not going to run this as an ad. But yeah, I think you need to have a different song. And turn business away for that. For sure. Yeah, I

[1826:26] Kevin Winebarger: do every week. It's with this person. And I've done like I've I've done over 100 promos delivered since Yeah, one so like, this is the only person that's had anything.

[1829:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, okay. Well, that's that's really good that it's

[1830:45] Kevin Winebarger: great. It's great. Because I made what happened with it and I said this in the email and I did already send it was a lot softer than when I'm saying I'm just communicating for brevity. But um, I did tell her that the recommendations I gave her were based off of what I knew of the market in June because she bought like before I raised my rates and that in the past few months oh that the listenership the listenership, like people are getting a lot

[1838:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: of really great. Less good

[1838:33] Kevin Winebarger: songs aren't like doing as well and What's basically happening is, the better songs are getting More streams than they used to and then not as good schools are getting worse. Well, that's

[1840:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: exactly the whole, like, Jasper was the best AI tool. But today it's not, you know, because I told people that a year ago, it's gonna go like, Why didn't you tell me Jasper sucks. I was like, well, it was great a year ago. Now it's not, you know, it's I'm telling everybody it's not. But there is that part of it is kind of give people grace as to what they heard or understood. You only can ever communicate to somebody to the level that they understand you. And I become really curious as to like, what they're feeling what they're going through. But it's, here's one powerful thing. It's not my responsibility to manage their emotions and feelings. And having that as a powerful belief and statement, it's not my job. If they're feeling upset with me if they're feeling angry to change how they're feeling. Okay, so we did the conversation, not change how they're feeling, I want to understand how they're feeling. First off, I want to understand what's going on beneath the surface, because that might give me a clue as to how to actually solve this conversation. Gosh, I remember. I remember what George I honestly, I'll tell you the best person I ever ran ads for was Rick Pino because he was so understanding all the time, like almost to a fault. And so he was great to work with, I was probably one of the best experiences I've ever had working with somebody. As far as like running, like Facebook ads, I have had some terrible Facebook ads experiences to like, a campaign didn't work, because they took 10 months to get me the project and things like that. And that's why I decided to not run Facebook ads for people. This happened with a client where like, they were supposed to give it to me 10 months ago, and nobody registered. And I'm like, Well, that's because you gave it to me two weeks before the event, like you told me to run it at this budget. And so you change the terms. But that can be the reality, but what's going on beneath the surface, they feel like what they were expecting didn't get delivered. So managing people's expectations is our job. I think, in some sense, communicating expectations, but you can't manage their emotions beyond what you communicate. So again, there will be some people that will be upset, that might project their own hyper vigilance and issues. Here's the thing, if they didn't come to you for feedback on how they're feeling, they probably aren't going to be willing to hear you on that angle. So I've learned sometimes I got to disengage with trying to convince somebody that what they're doing is wrong. And this goes back to like, how do you engage with customers when they're coming at you in a perceived hyper vigilant state? Is this the same client?

[1883:37] Kevin Winebarger: That was the client I was talking about? One of the reasons, one of the reasons she was so upset that I didn't know this is that they have missed some, like, home payments to do this. And I was never recommended to do this.

[1888:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: But that's not your responsibility to save them and be the savior of exactly

[1889:04] Kevin Winebarger: but but it was sort of just like, I just didn't know, I'm like, Are you trying to make me feel bad to get a refund? Like probably? And because it's just like, that's not gonna, um,

[1892:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had this

[1893:15] Kevin Winebarger: case I have, I have refunded people before I've done free service for but this this particular one, I just know it's hard because

[1895:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: this person is they're really good. They're the classic really good networker connector that doesn't know how to do it themselves. So that's very popular. Really good. Oh, god, thank people, but they can't do it themselves. Yeah,

[1899:43] Kevin Winebarger: I mean, that's this particular person is like, they have all the time they did networking, working on their skills. Yeah. Amazing. I

[1902:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a guy I refuse to coach him because of that. Sure. I told him that and he got so offended. He went back to all the people he networked me with and told them never worked with me. Wow, very. I mean, it was just honestly, because he found his sense of satisfaction and his ability to connect people. His identity was built on that. And I told him, I'm like, quite frankly, like, I can't help you because of this. And he was very upset by that. And he went back and he told everybody, Jeremiah is a con artist. He's a scammer. He will destroy your business. And they always came

[1911:04] Kevin Winebarger: back to me. I'm like sheep, or did they come back? Yeah, they'll follow them like sheep. Yeah, sure. Yeah, that's such a bummer. Yeah. Like

[1912:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: that. And those those are people you don't want to engage with. Right?

[1913:53] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah, I am trying to figure out like, is there any middle ground of like, do you engage that energy at all or do you almost act like it didn't exist and just respond like a hear the facts of boom, boom, boom, because that can feel like, yeah, old and crappy. So I give

[1919:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: him the fact that I disengaged I have a boundary,

[1920:35] Kevin Winebarger: premium price point, I would just say, hey, let's get on the phone. But because I charge at a not premium price point, that's a mass market price point. And it has mass market marketing origins, which as you know, are not way below 50%. I can't afford to just like get on the phone with people and not like that, you know. And so, yeah, and I don't want to like set a precedent of that, like, if you, if you give me a crappy email, I'll get on the phone with you. And you learn from me for free. Oh, yeah. That's just just like, weird thing. Oh, does anybody else gotta

[1929:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: disengage, and it might hurt. And you might get to end the relationship with this person.

[1932:57] Kevin Winebarger: This is this the very few and far between? Yeah. I'm promoting over 1000. So that's why I'm really, really,

[1935:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have people all the time that told me, Hey, I'm gonna refer a bunch of business to you. And I just ignore them completely. Sure. Because I'm like, you can refer? I'll say, hey, great. Sounds good like that. I leave it at that. And nine times out of 10. Now, they don't refer business to me. And I realized it was one of these situations. So I often find, too, if people are trying to give referrals really quickly up front, they may be somebody who's trying to leverage favors.

[1942:49] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah, like it's a transactional referral. Uh huh. Yep. Law

[1944:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: of reciprocation. It works. But you got to be aware of the other side of the game to have you ever read the 48 Laws of Power. I

[1945:57] Kevin Winebarger: got a quarter of the way into it and had to stop. I need to open that up. It's a dark book.

[1947:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a pretty dark.

[1948:26] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah, I read it. And I was like, Oh, my gosh,

[1949:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: very dark. Understand that this is what other people are doing? Sure. So I read it from the perspective of getting awareness of what people do. It's a very powerful book. There's some dark stuff into it that honestly, I wouldn't do just because of my own fate. Yeah. But I read the whole book it is it is about how to be cunning and ruthless is what it is and how people do that as well. And I think by reading that book, it actually helped me be aware of with how these people what their playbook is. Mm hmm. So again, I would recommend reading it from that perspective, just for your own knowing maybe who you don't want to

[1960:24] Kevin Winebarger: think that needs to be an entire year thing for me, like I know where you can

[1961:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: recognize that they're trying to get like a power move on you a little bit. Yup. Well,

[1962:14] Kevin Winebarger: in part of it is like, do you just do you engage that power? Or do you just like Athleta move,

[1963:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, if you want to, that's up to you, if you feel comfortable with it, you don't have to. But you may grow in the next year or two that you do. So you may disengage from that type of stuff now, and then you may go back and change a little bit. As you grow a little bit. I've actually done that a little bit, where there are certain people I wouldn't engage with two years ago that I'm 100% I'm okay with now.

[1970:09] Kevin Winebarger: Right? So it's what's best

[1971:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: for you and what helps you not, because here's the thing, this is taking up a lot of brain energy for from you that you could be using to grow your business. So let's, let's say because here's the thing, is there is their brain energy helping serve your family, your future and your goals? I don't think so.

[1977:34] Kevin Winebarger: No, I just, um, and maybe maybe I got a little bit of like Fox in the hound syndrome or something, but I just don't want people in. I'm an Enneagram. Six. If that gives me I just don't want people to feel like I'm just like, hey, I get what you're saying. And it's valid, but it's just not but

[1982:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was less than 1% of people. It is. Yeah, so if it's less than my mom's rule, hers is a little bit larger than mine. My mom says if it's less than 10% of people, she doesn't care about it. Like

[1985:27] Kevin Winebarger: and I've had people that I've really engaged heavily with and then they turn into like Ryder dies. And so I in because they're just like, never had anybody respond to me like that. So I'm just it but also to those people that ended up ended up being Ryder dies, I can tell them the message like I'm going to be able to help them learn from this. And also, I've learned something from this and I can thank them for it just like disarms the conversation and they're like, oh, this was sick. You know? I'm so just trying to figure out the difference between the two. Maybe I just I need to read that book.

[1994:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a few things that we got going on here. I think another part of it just does have to do with your own. Not like being okay with disappointing other people. And being okay with some people will misunderstand you if again, if it's less than 5% That's okay. I'm in Net INRIA in the world of human beings, you're gonna have five to 10% of people misunderstand you, that you that you're not going to be able to resolve. And nine times out of 10 it's just not even worth communicating with them. And that's okay. So, yeah, I got people, like I said, on social media, they tell me that I am not real because my ad sounds like every other marketer out there. So it proves that I just read a Russell Brunson book and have never done this for people. And I'm like, okay. Nothing I say is going to convince them otherwise. So I just disengaged. Sure, you know, but it gets harder if they're a client. And that's where it sort of is like, you want to take a look back at what are the red flags that maybe you ignored? In the relationship before? When

[2014:23] Kevin Winebarger: that's that's with this particular person? That's why I was like, Yeah, and that is a huge difference. The PT gets like, it's caught by surprise. I'm like, oh, there's probably actually a misunderstanding. This person has been like, particularly difficult, like multiple times. Okay, small things. And so it's one of those. Am I about to give you the boot?

[2019:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know. That's where I would have a level in conversation to see like, do they want to resolve this or they just want you to, like, admit, wrong or something. Because I had this happen with one guy and he wanted me basically it ended with, he sent me a document to sign that admitted that I'm involved in a criminal fraud enterprise. It said, I said, I Jeremiah, Krakowski intended to defraud, and then his name was next to it. And he's like, I need you to sign this, and then we'll be good. And I said, I'm not signing that. He's like, Well, the fact that you're not signing this proves to me that I'm right. And I'm like, bro, I'm done with you. And I just like, though, like,

[2030:48] Kevin Winebarger: how do you find those crazy people I decided

[2031:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: to grant back to as a refund, you know, and I refunded him, and he still wanted that. Honestly, it's because I did exactly what what you you're talking about. They gave me referrals. I thought there was a relationship there that was deeper, and they were playing a power game. Totally. Yeah. So that's why I'm talking from experience here, of dealing with people and like the ultimate end of it was just like, What the heck, I have the email, it was hilarious. I cried for a week straight after that happened. I couldn't get out of bed. I was so depressed. I was like, it hurt that somebody would treat me that way. Because I would never treat somebody that way. I was like, What did I do to attract this? And I had to realize, actually, what it was was unresolved trauma. Mike, you want to know who used to act that way was my dad, my dad and the people at our church. And so I was actually trying to resolve familial issues with my dad with these pulses that are out there in business. And that's where I had a great conversation with a therapist about and that helped me so

[2048:43] Kevin Winebarger: I'll talk about it with mine. Yeah, thank you. Appreciate it.

[2050:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. Awesome. What's up, Angela? Rose, how are you?

[2051:12] Speaker 5: Hey, I am good. I'm not sure that you have time to, to walk me through my question. I was hoping just to share my screen and put my pixel in place. So if you don't, I totally get it. Let me see. Yeah, thank you.

[2057:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see what Donna's question is real quick, Danielle, what's your question? And then maybe I can bounce back to you, Angela. Okay, close it out with that. Don? Yeah. Hi.

[2060:24] Donya: Um, I've got several. And so you probably don't, you may not have time for me either on

[2062:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: both of you. And if anybody else raises your hands, I'm sorry. But that's it. That's what's up. Done. Yeah.

[2064:06] Donya: You're taking mine first. As it

[2064:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: real quick, can we go over it? Can I read

[2065:28] Donya: your my avatar and and get your opinion on if it's an itchy enough? Yes. Okay. Because I have and also my title of a coach. My avatar is a spirit filled Christian woman 35 to 65 years old. She is in transition, and has had hoped differed in her life. She is currently in a wilderness season where she has been waiting and feels lost and alone. She is living in the status quo and feel stuck, but knows there's more. My avatar has a heart that has shut down and that needs to be awakened. She has lost her voice in this season and has stopped dreaming. Her relationship with God and others is important to her. She wants to make an impact on those in her sphere of influence. And so my question about that too, as I could see doing three different things. This came to me the first time you ever talked to me and one is awaken the heart waken awaken your heart. One is Awaken Your Voice and when is awaken your dreams, because I think it's a lot to try to get to the bottom of, that's my therapist self talking. It's a lot to get to the moment of in just like six weeks or, you know, for each of those things, but maybe I'm wrong, I think it's a lot to pack in which one will come first in the process, awaken the heart, then awaken the voice, then awaken your dreams, say,

[2086:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, we might. Okay. Here's what I would like to do for you. As far as like, like the sales side of it, is you want them to paint a picture of okay, working with Donya is going to awaken the heart, awaken the voice, awaken the dream. So you want them to know that right up front. That like that's where they're headed. But that helps them understand that there's a process to go through for this. So the way that you're going to reach these goals, and so you paint a picture, the ultimate finish line, okay, and you start with awakening the heart is the first module of this to go through, right, and that's the request. And so like, now you have a great process 123, as you go through, you might have four modules for awaken the heart and like, five for the voice. And so it could be even 12 to 18 weeks long that you do the length of it necessarily. I've seen people even do 12 month programs, where it goes through the first three months are about the heart, the next three months are about the voice, and you see what I'm saying? So that's where you can kind of figure out how long does that fit into it? And what's the term that you want to do? Okay, okay.

[2106:19] Donya: So with, so I was all focused on doing this, but then I was reminded that God's put in my heart for that for a long time that I'm part of helping to raise up the remnants. And so my thought is, do I include words like remnant in my avatar? Do I include words? Like,

[2112:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: do they think you would want to identify what a remnant that you're raising up looks like and raising up the remnant may be something that happens in year two or year three of this process rather than year one? So that's it. So that's one thing that I will say, is, whenever I built a coaching business, oftentimes, I have noticed there's usually the like, what's profitable, and what's the calling? And sometimes I noticed that sometimes the calling might not be for today. It might be for after I do what's, what generates some profit. So it's sort of like being faithful with the little to be ruler over much type message.

[2123:45] Donya: That's great. That's Can I ask you one more question. Yeah. Okay, so you talked about putting into chat GPT. You know, create a hero story for your avatar or have chat GPT do it and it was awesome. Awesome, awesome. Awesome. And in what ways? Would I be using that? Story? Can I can I even use it as part of my freebie.

[2131:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can use it as part of really the structure of like, what you actually do with people. The hit the hero's journey is more of a picture of you working with a group of clients. So it's really their journey through working with you overall. Now, when we use chat CPT to generate that that does tie into the landing page sales copy in a few senses to where you can point them to what is the struggle? And where are they getting to and really identifying where they're at on that journey. So like, for instance, if I tell if you talk about these women, and for and I took this right here, and I'm having a generate, like the different pain points they have, what is their objections?

[2143:46] Donya: I did all that for like all morning. Yesterday, I spent hours and it was so fun. I just went crazy.

[2146:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so going through this. Some of these words then translate into your landing page, where you actually have people sign up with you. So that would be like, for instance, this page right here for our five day. I got these words right here for the headline, and for this right here. By generating what is that sort of hero's journey? They're overwhelmed getting their business off the ground? Yeah. They know they have potential but they're struggling to get it going. And then I painted of something of where I struggled, you know, knowing how to build a successful business. The experience I had with others prove it to me, but I couldn't find anyone to buy it. Not to mention navigating the maze of Facebook ads. And so I'm talking about my struggles and my story as it relates to there. struggles, and then painting a picture of where we've come on the other side of it, and what they're gonna get by learning from me. So the hero's journey is the first step is the call to adventure is your offer right here. When they sign up now they're engaging with you on that Hero's Journey to where they met you as the mentor, and this is them basically opting into a webinar with you. And now do they want to apply what you're teaching in that, and they become transformed on the other side of it when they actually purchase your coaching program and go through and apply that overall. So that so the hero's journey, and that whole dialogue is more a picture of the process of finding them out there in social media, and then becoming a case study of your start to finish?

[2174:51] Donya: So do you think it's niche down enough?

[2175:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, I think so.

[2176:14] Donya: I think you put a bunch of niches in there. I mean,

[2177:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know if it necessarily let me. Let me grab this here. What are 20 ways this could niche down? Further, let's just ask Chad GBT, that one question of what you said, you could get a little bit more age specific. You could get a little bit more like life stage specific. If you want to, and this can correlate to maybe who your clients were as well. Occupation specific. Is it only women in the US and Canada? Do you do US Canada like globally? What's their background? Are they parents? Are they were they parents? Does that matter? Maybe not. Is there a specific health issue? Or is health not really a like, for instance, I don't really like health isn't an indicator for who I bring into my program, right. But I do geographically focusing on just the US, Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom. Okay, I focus on 25 to 55 year old people that are wanting to start a course or coaching business. And if they've already tried something before and failed, that's even better for me. So that's where I'm getting more specific into, like how I niche down that. So these are some different ways to kind of figure that out. Do they have a leadership role or not? Are they involved in community service? Are they retired? Support group needs? Technology, fitness level hobbies, social concerns?

[2202:27] Donya: I couldn't say life transition, because that's where I end up being. I don't know if that.

[2204:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: And let's explain. What does life transition look like in 20 niche ideas? So here's like, how I would use chat GBT to dive into this, like you said.

[2208:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you're using Poe. Yeah, that's the same outputs, which is cool. So entering motherhood, these are different ways that women transition that may come to you. And so now we could dive deep into which of these like, you might find that you resonate with the most, you know. So you may want to niche down a little bit into maybe some of these categories of different types of transition, or maybe a group of transition. For instance, becoming a caregiver giver versus coming out of years of caregiving are two very different stages that somebody's you know, post trauma recovery. Oh, I'm

[2220:01] Donya: getting out of counseling. No, no, no, no. I've done for 33 years.

[2221:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's maybe what it is, is your clients in the coaching, maybe they've gone through some therapy already. But now they want some action steps on how to apply these techniques they've learned.

[2224:16] Donya: And you put that in your avatar, you

[2224:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: can say you spent months in therapy, but you still feel a little bit stuck as to knowing what to do next.

[2227:05] Donya: You're still gonna get people that are stuck in Yeah, heavy stuff. That's what I'm trying to get out of. Yeah, yeah. I want happy to

[2229:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: see how do we avoid attracting people who want to get in the weeds of the heavy stuff as it deals with post trauma? What are some key language points that we could use to repel them in our marketing so that was just something that I just thought of? That's

[2234:48] Donya: awesome. Can I Can I watch this later because you go so fast that

[2236:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: it'll be in the members area you can watch so focus on positive growth and self discovery. Highlight lighter, more supportive themes. Specify your scope and expertise. You know, this is not for the person who Who is dealing with their trauma dealing with that? If you need to see a therapist, this program is not for you. You could say,

[2242:58] Donya: Oh, good, that's what I did that I

[2243:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: did that for a while, where I would start every presentation with if you are a perfectionist, this probably won't work for you. Now, if you're a recovering perfectionist, this might.

[2246:20] Donya: I love that, because that's what I'm scared of. I'm like, I don't want to be more of what I've been. I mean, I love what I do. But I'm, I'm so totally Yeah.

[2248:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So use language on your offer to really kind of say, Hey, listen, if you fall into one of these categories, this probably won't work for you. And you could even have, I had even like, I use like warning emojis that was like It popped up before they registered. And I was like, if you're somebody who is very critical all the time of other people, please do not register. Because I was really like dealing with a lot of critical people coming into my, my time. Now, here's the cool thing. The Facebook ads will also start to learn who these people are, and you'll attract less and less of them if you find a lot of them are coming to you. Okay, so those are some ways Yeah, in the copy, you actually specify who it's for who it's not for. And that starts to really, it'll it'll hone in that. And the targeting really well.

[2260:48] Donya: That's so awesome. Thank you so much.

[2261:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, all right, Angela. Thank you. You have been very patient. Let's go through this together and then we will close it up. Okay,

[2263:29] Speaker 5: awesome. Thank you. Now I'm learning so much from everybody. Everybody else's questions. It's been so good.

[2265:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what's the beauty of a well dialed in group coaching program is the group questions usually answer two or three your own. And then it's like, you know, it's really cool. That's how we know we've really, we're finding our niche is getting even more dialed in here. Yeah,

[2269:23] Speaker 5: it's awesome. Thank you. Yeah. Okay, so you have access to my Facebook account. Here.

[2272:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's our What are you dealing with? What's going on?

[2272:43] Speaker 5: I need to put my eye I need to put my pixel on my WordPress site. Okay.

[2275:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: I gotcha. The way you're gonna want to do that go to WordPress. And there's a Facebook plugin you want to install. Okay. And you'll actually want to use the plugin because that's the right way to do it. on WordPress.

[2280:15] Speaker 5: Okay, great.

[2280:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's the other Facebook plugin.

[2281:47] Speaker 5: I don't think I

[2282:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: know that oh, sorry. Meta for WordPress. It's right there at the top. I see it meta for WordPress. Okay. So you have that installed. So now to actually get the pixel working. We want to go into meta for WordPress, and I think it's under settings or tools.

[2286:41] Speaker 5: It was there under Settings. Meta. Meta.

[2287:27] Speaker 0: Yep. That's it.

[2288:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's not clicking for me. Can you click it? Here?

[2290:13] Speaker 0: There we go. Okay.

[2291:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now go through this process right here, it gets started. And this will actually put the pixel on your WordPress site.

[2293:46] Speaker 5: Without without me copying and pasting, yeah, yes, I want to Okay. So it's, it's the business manager for here. But I still use my personal one,

[2297:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to select the one that has the right pixel that you want to use? So you'll go through, they have like, some prompts in the window that just popped up? You guys can't see it, but I know what window popped up. And that's where you want to select the right one in there. And then it will set it up that way. Yeah.

[2302:16] Speaker 5: Okay, I don't know which one of these it is, I think

[2303:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's. So let's go back to meta and go back to your pixel. And then you can see there's a number usually when you click on the

[2304:47] Speaker 5: pixel, oh, right here at the top, right. So

[2305:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's your ads manager number. That's not your pixel number. Okay, so click on that. Click that pixel. I know this is where it can get very confusing.

[2308:39] Speaker 0: Wrong, awesome.

[2310:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I feel like that should be like, Facebook's Like main term, something went wrong.

[2312:31] Speaker 5: Gonna just X out of this. Yeah,

[2313:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know what that is. This is your pixel ID though. Right here. I won't let me click anything. So I don't know why. You see where it says ID that's the pixel ID number right there. So now go back to the meta screen and WordPress and find the one with the same number.

[2317:41] Speaker 5: Okay, great. Oh, it's gonna load

[2320:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you can use there's a no code version to configure like different buttons and stuff for the pixel. Or you can also just put, you can copy and paste like the conversion, just the conversion code on the page, like your thank you pages and stuff. But yeah, we install it now this way, because this sets it up with the conversion API.

[2326:33] Speaker 5: Okay, it's correct. 3146. It's the same as this. 13146. Perfect. Yep.

[2328:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's how you pick it.

[2328:29] Speaker 5: Every time I leave this page it It tests this baby doing?

[2330:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, you don't want to refresh that page though.

[2331:08] Speaker 5: Okay. Okay, this is correct. This is correct.

[2334:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it might make you select like which page you're going to run the ads from and stuff like that.

[2337:49] Speaker 5: Did you I just hit next here?

[2338:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Probably. I don't see it. But I know pretty much just go through it.

[2339:52] Speaker 5: Oh, because you're Are you not seeing the pop up? I

[2340:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: can't see the pop up. But I know what it is. What is WordPress

[2341:48] Speaker 5: app allowed to do manage business extension?

[2343:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, just leave all that default. Okay.

[2344:46] Speaker 5: Linking WordPress app to Facebook. Okay. And then it's saying, Okay, you're all set create ad, which the only thing is, it's still it's connecting me to Facebook. And

[2350:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: now right here, look at click I agree to share by token with this site.

[2351:48] Speaker 0: In your WordPress window.

[2352:25] Speaker 5: Okay, we go.

[2353:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And now the pixel is connected to Facebook. Okay,

[2354:18] Speaker 5: is there a way to double check that it's not connected to my personal account? And then it's connected to my business account?

[2356:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I mean, most of the time, it's going to be connected to if that pixel is in your business account, it would be it looks like this is the one that's connected to.

[2361:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Do you have the mega pixel helper installed? I think you can. Let's go to your homepage now. On your website, just go to laundry moms.com. And here's how we can check. Click on the pixel helper right there. It's blue with a green number one right here.

[2368:38] Speaker 0: Okay, click on that.

[2370:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, pixel ID interesting. It's a different pixel ID says 20 60484. Can you try refreshing? Sure. This page, so that one might have been your personal one? Well,

[2374:32] Speaker 5: and the thing is, is I think I have to, possibly to Pixar IDs for this business page. Okay.

[2377:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is what this will be some of the stuff that we're going to go through to in that pixel clarity course.

[2379:19] Speaker 5: How do I get back to look at to see if there's two Do I go

[2382:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, you're only going to use this one at the top right here. Or which one are you looking at? Oh, you have a different business manager?

[2384:19] Speaker 5: I'm not sure cuz I had somebody else trying to manage the scoring but I haven't had access to look at this since 2019.

[2386:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, um, yeah, again, I'm not sure why it's not letting me click on things.

[2388:28] Speaker 5: What do you want me to click

[2388:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: right here? Okay. And then so look at you got these three accounts right here you have Angela rose, you have laundry moms and betters your personal one down there.

[2391:47] Speaker 5: Okay, so it should be the laundry mom should be

[2393:52] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's probably Yeah. Okay,

[2395:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: can you can you click over to the laundry, mom's side over here? Yes.

[2399:06] Speaker 5: There Yep.

[2400:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, that's actually better than four. Let me check on my computer here real quick. The lawn the laundry moms.com

[2406:19] Speaker 0: Hmm, interesting. Oh, there it is. Yeah, it's still pulling up the wrong one. It's interesting

[2408:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have another pixel plugin installed are some code that you pasted in your site that's so that's the issue I have with WordPress too is if you ever set that up a manual way it's going to break it if you try to set it up another way. And that's where it gets really somewhat difficult to figure out what's really going on code snippets click on that let's try this. I'm just going to try to guess and see if I can figure out what's going on here. Because that's the disable comments here let's click on conversion pixels okay

[2422:37] Speaker 0: it's appropriate click on Header and Footer no

[2427:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, let me see something so this this is where things get a little bit more technical and it's funny gosh, I this is where if I look at your site I can see this probably a little bit better

[2430:56] Speaker 0: when you take a look at this view page source

[2434:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I need to find where it's actually loading your pixel from

[2436:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is why I hate WordPress

[2443:34] Speaker 0: that's not even loading there

[2447:12] Speaker 0: all right, can you share your spirit with me again?

[2449:06] Speaker 5: Sorry, I'm looking for the button. Here we go. No,

[2449:47] Speaker 0: you're fine.

[2450:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're gonna get this figured out. Thank you. So you do not need a new Facebook pixel for every campaign. I use the same Facebook pixel.

[2452:41] Speaker 5: Here we go three ad accounts for the laundry mom's okay.

[2454:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, maybe you're connecting to the wrong ad account. Let's click on add accounts over here. Are you still working with those other guys that are in there? Yeah. You might want to remove them from your challenge as well. Okay,

[2458:14] Speaker 5: so here is

[2459:29] Speaker 0: that Yeah.

[2460:47] Speaker 5: Here's one the laundry mom's here we go. 6690 is the end of

[2462:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: this one. Well, that's your Ads Manager ID. Oh, okay. Look on data sources.

[2464:45] Speaker 5: Where do you see that?

[2465:22] Speaker 0: On the left over here on this on the side here data sources pixels. Okay. Oh, I see what's going on. You do? Yeah

[2470:43] Speaker 0: look on that.

[2471:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: On what was on the this right here, this pixel right here? I don't wish it I wish it would let me click but it just won't. So I gotta like, find out later. Do you see it and then I I'm sorry, let me have remote control again. Okay, now. Okay. Now again. If I do that, you see where I moved my mouse. So then you can click OK, click on connected assets.

[2477:26] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah, that's why.

[2478:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. This is all set up wrong. I'm

[2480:22] Speaker 5: so glad that I asked you to just look at it because that would have been like, was it soo? Like beating my head?

[2482:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, okay, adds a cow. This is why, like the start of everything with the pixel is making sure this side of it set up, right. Okay? Because otherwise they won't connect to your page again, click on an ad accounts. Okay. So it's connecting it to this one, but you're trying to actually get it on this one.

[2487:39] Speaker 5: I think I mean, I don't know which one, you know, last ran ads.

[2489:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, we can figure that out here. Let's go click on open an ads manager right here. Okay. And I will show you how to figure out which one last ran ads, click back over here.

[2494:19] Speaker 0: Now click on this

[2495:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then open that one in the ads manager right here. And then we're gonna go back over to here. And then we're gonna go back to this one. Now we're gonna do the same thing. We're going to open in the ads manager. Okay, and then we're going to open up the billing. And we're gonna see which one ran ads last.

[2500:24] Speaker 5: Because I did have some ads that were bringing in like 50 cent leads. Yeah.

[2502:12] Speaker 0: Click on this one.

[2503:12] Speaker 5: It's been a while.

[2504:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: This one looks like it's actually connected to your pages. The social engineering team account.

[2505:53] Speaker 5: Okay, I don't even know who that is. Unless, that helped me before. Unless they change their name.

[2507:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: They probably changed their name. Yeah.

[2508:27] Speaker 5: Which is fine. I trust them. They're there. They're good. They're, you know, not gonna do.

[2510:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you don't have a payment method on file there, though. It looks like no, it's

[2511:31] Speaker 0: been a long time. Okay, click on this one.

[2513:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: This one looks like you ran ads recently.

[2513:49] Speaker 5: I ran ads probably in 2019, but I don't think that I left them on very long as they were doing they were it was bad.

[2517:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so really, we just got to decide which ads account we want to use for everything.

[2518:30] Speaker 5: Okay, not this one. I want to do the one that has the most in it that was getting results.

[2520:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Clicking on the ads meant their campaigns right here

[2523:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: so that these were these campaigns.

[2523:57] Speaker 5: Okay, does it tell me the dates? Oh, yeah. 2018 and 19.

[2525:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, now click on the other one. Then click on campaigns over here. And this is really what you just got to do. Click on Go to account over so doesn't look like there's any ads and Oh, I see. And I do. Click maximum. Yeah.

[2531:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it doesn't look like you actually ran ads in

[2532:07] Speaker 5: there. Well, okay. Now this is under the social engineering team. They must adjust,

[2534:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: but they might have deleted them all. Um,

[2534:36] Speaker 5: can I look at ad sets

[2535:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what I'm saying though, is like there's no campaign so there's no ad sets. Oh. Click here with a search and filter. Press had delivery. So this will actually show you if they were deleted. Nope, it doesn't look like there was any ads that even ran in this account.

[2540:52] Speaker 5: Okay, can I switch to the laundry? Mom's? Yeah,

[2541:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you can switch over to that one. You can switch over the 441 Yeah, so this one is right here

[2544:20] Speaker 0: there's 14 campaigns in here. Okay.

[2546:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lot more campaign. Yeah. So there's your ad sets.

[2547:30] Speaker 0: Does any of this look familiar? Yeah, um,

[2548:43] Speaker 5: because there were some

[2551:22] Speaker 5: okay, it's on maximum. There were some Yeah, I think this is this is some that

[2554:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so what we need to do is we need to make sure that WordPress is connected to this account and that this account has the right pixel in it. Okay, so let's go to all tools and we're going to click on the Events Manager

[2560:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's where we were

[2561:18] Speaker 0: right here.

[2562:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, click on data sources. So here's the part that I'm confused about, is it says that there's a pixel here. But your business manager says there's not a pixel here.

[2566:37] Speaker 0: Okay, so that part

[2567:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: has me a little bit confused. Okay, this is this was created by them. Yeah.

[2569:06] Speaker 5: Look the underneath owner laundry mom's that number is different.

[2570:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's Oh, that is a different number. Oh my gosh. Yeah, so this is their data that you don't have access to.

[2573:48] Speaker 5: It but it says I'm the owner. So no,

[2574:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's a different laundry moms. Look at that number right there. is different than the number in this upper right corner here. 265238

[2577:25] Speaker 5: Okay, hold on. How do I let me move the pictures of y'all.

[2578:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So they created an account called laundry moms that you don't have access to

[2582:16] Speaker 5: please select a business ask can I?

[2584:55] Speaker 0: Okay, so it's pulling up as that

[2589:16] Speaker 5: yeah, they just because I couldn't do anything. And so they they just fixed it. So I would have access. And it looks like they fixed it just on the

[2592:59] Speaker 0: but gave you this one.

[2593:37] Speaker 5: So that's what they did.

[2595:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: But it's associated with this other ads account.

[2596:35] Speaker 5: I don't know what they did.

[2597:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's what I'm gonna do. Here's what we're gonna here's what we're gonna do is click here. Here's, here's the fastest way to do this. Because that's what I'm looking for. This is all wrong, how this is all set up. We're going to fix it. It's

[2602:14] Speaker 5: all populated is what it is. Yeah. TLM

[2602:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: no 20 pixel, we're going to call it that. So that we know that that's today's the laundry mom's November 20. Pixel. Okay, so now nothing else can be called that. And that's this ID right here. Now I'm pretty sure that's the one that you linked up in.

[2608:24] Speaker 5: I thought we linked up the one at the bottom default online. Set the 3667. I'm not I'm not sure but look,

[2610:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Save right here. Okay. Now, here's the issue. This isn't shared with the right ads account. So we're gonna go back to your business manager. And we're going to connect those two together. That's the issue. Business settings. Yeah, we're gonna go to business settings, and we're going to connect these two together.

[2616:58] Speaker 5: Thank you. Thank you.

[2617:14] Speaker 0: Thank you. Yeah, yeah. Huh.

[2618:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, it's unfortunate. I don't think you can even like hire some most people that you hire, don't understand how to do this, they would just set you up from scratch. Okay, so now we're going to click on that. See now where it says TLM Nov. 20. Pixel. We're going to click on add people. And we're going to add you, Angela rose, to view the pixel and to manage it. So now you actually have access to it. Awesome. Okay, now click on connected assets.

[2628:30] Speaker 5: Okay,

[2628:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: right here, click on Add assets. Right. Now click on the laundry. Mom's this one? No, it's right here. Oh, okay. Oh, that clicked for me. There you go. Okay, now we added that pixel to that Ads account. Click on Add assets real quick. And let's remove the pixel from social engineering account. Let's Oh wait. You can't do that. Cancel. Press Cancel. Click on Yeah, just do the trashcan. There you go. Okay. Confirm. Okay, now, you have the ads account. out that's connected to the correct pixel that's connected to the correct business manager that you have permission to access. So again, convoluted. This is where the like that's why I usually have people like, Okay, you got to set this up first as the first thing otherwise you end up in the exact mess that you're in right here. Okay, so now let's go to WordPress

[2648:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: and let's go back to the meta.

[2649:30] Speaker 0: Meta right here and

[2652:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: manage Yeah, click on Manage and go back through that process. But select the one that's called like TLM. Nov. Oh, looks like it's already set up. There you go. Okay, yeah, so that's setup. Oh, see, but look, the ad account is wrong. It's Solutions Engineering ad account. So again, that's the problem. Uninstall, press uninstall. And then click on it on there to press

[2659:33] Speaker 0: uninstall, okay. Oh, sorry. I

[2660:20] Speaker 5: clicked you are,

[2660:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're fine. Go back there and press on install. And then click on Manage again. Does try this one other way. Click Yeah. Click on install.

[2664:46] Speaker 0: Right there. Click on right here. Add know what's going on. Click on install. Uninstall. Yep. Yeah, I would just say curious. I said, Where do I stopped from? Do I does go I mean, go to the courses, you know.

[2670:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so we're finishing up our call here. We're doing a jumpstart training for new members, where I'm going to spend an entire time going over where do you start from on Wednesday that we're going to be doing all right. Okay. Thank you so much. Yes, that'll be on Wednesday, but it'll be it'll be on. You do find it in the members areas where you start but yeah, you'll find it. That's what the Jumpstart training on Wednesday is going to be specifically focused on. Okay, what time is it going to be? I believe that it will be four o'clock Eastern three o'clock Central. But as well it'll be recorded. Okay, thank you so much. All right. I'll say bad everyone. Yeah, no worries. Okay, did you click on uninstall right here

[2682:38] Speaker 5: on the WordPress app?

[2682:57] Speaker 0: Yeah

[2684:35] Speaker 5: okay

[2685:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: go back to the meta go back to sorry your WordPress site refresh this page

[2689:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're gonna connection set it now let's I'm so sorry. No, no worries. It's so we we broke it so you got to click on connection settings. And then click Delete connection

[2693:25] Speaker 0: they go okay, now

[2694:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: refresh this page again

[2696:33] Speaker 0: oh gosh. click on Delete connection again. Delete connection. What's it opening up? Does it open up something?

[2699:12] Speaker 5: No.

[2699:46] Speaker 0: click on Delete connection again

[2702:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's frustrated Let's see your oh here we go. Your connection seems to be disconnected scroll down and click Get Started. Yep, we're giving WordPress a little mini aneurysm here.

[2706:07] Speaker 5: Okay, now okay, I've got okay,

[2707:03] Speaker 0: it should work right now.

[2708:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're then you can go through the process and select that. But yeah, it starts with making sure that the right ads manager has the right permission with the right pixel otherwise it'll

[2710:37] Speaker 5: Yeah, I know I'm kind of the odd bird out because I've had I've run ads and done this before with really Oh, with somebody helping me that

[2713:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: really choose

[2713:56] Speaker 5: a goal. And oh, the laundry moms. Okay. Choose ad type. Create new ad. Oh,

[2718:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's heavy. Okay.

[2719:38] Speaker 0: Go no

[2720:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll refresh this page again

[2722:56] Speaker 0: okay, it seems like it's connected again. Scroll down see, it still says social engineering team. This is what's

[2725:59] Speaker 5: I can choose the laundry. Oh, no.

[2727:55] Speaker 0: Hey, let's go back up.

[2729:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here, refresh this page again. You guys can't tell I really do not like WordPress because of all this. That's fine. Because it's not this hard with other. It's hard but it's not this hard. Connection Settings, delete connection

[2736:31] Speaker 0: here refresh this page again

[2739:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you scroll back up, there you go. That's what I was trying to get him to do. Yay. I don't even know what just happened. But we just did the same thing three times. And it gave us three different times. So like, that's how crazy technology is half the time is you can literally do the same thing and it'll do three different things. So

[2746:13] Speaker 5: okay, and I'm choosing select your ad account the laundry mom's vago? DLM Nov. When he pixel, yep. Next, next.

[2751:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So and this is a really common troubleshooting issue with WordPress sites right here. Oh, easily enough. Yeah, this is like, I know about five people that had this issue with WordPress. So. Okay, it's really difficult to explain without actually like, going through it with them.

[2757:24] Speaker 5: Okay, so now,

[2758:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: then do that share token with the site. Okay, now, you should be good to go back to. Yeah. Now let's see where it says laundry moms. Yep. So now, you should be able to create your ads and have the pixel setup right to where it's actually going to track all the different types of conversion events and stuff that you have

[2764:07] Speaker 5: to do, I need to copy and paste something in the header on the footer, though,

[2765:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: not into the main site only on the pages that have like actions that you're taking, like a thank you page, you might paste the pixel like lead code. But you can also do that by programming the button. And there's a there's a feature of doing that with the pixel helper to where you add the button and you tell it to fire the pixel because they clicked on the Register button. Does any of that make sense? or No?

[2771:50] Speaker 5: Yes? Or to register or to check out?

[2773:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Either way? Because you either haven't fire on the thank you page or you have a be based on the fact that they clicked on a button.

[2775:53] Speaker 5: Okay. Because on this side on the laundry moms, it's all about the free lead magnet on my on my you know, sales page for the course it's a different it's a different URL. It's a different site. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, good. If

[2782:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go to that the best way to set it up if you want a lead magnet or not go to your lead magnet page real quick.

[2784:08] Speaker 5: Um, the opt in is through an active campaign page, which I need to change. I would have gotten WordPress here. No, which I know not good.

[2787:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: One. So are you able to connect the pixel to that as well?

[2788:55] Speaker 5: Possibly,

[2789:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: they might have some things but I've never even used Active Campaign for the pixel setup. That's why having a landing page on your site is probably going to be the best thing

[2791:55] Speaker 5: overall, just so that we can actually track the data? Because I

[2793:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: know I mean, it's what decides if the algorithm is actually going to show the ads to the right people. Because you want to track that they signed up back to the ads manager so that it focuses the algorithm on people that are a good fit for your offer. Oh,

[2798:40] Speaker 5: okay. It might be possible to do that in Active Campaign, but I'll do We'll check.

[2800:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then that's where like, YouTube might be helpful for that. Again, I would need to see how active campaign has it set up, but

[2802:56] Speaker 5: Okay, yeah. Okay, I do have somebody I can ask about Active Campaign.

[2804:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, definitely. But hopefully that at least helped with the WordPress.

[2805:12] Sue McGarvie: Oh my gosh.

[2806:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I'll break the outbreak that down with WordPress, I want to part of the thing I want to do with the pixel clarity course, is use some of the different platforms that some people are using. So I might sign up for an active campaign account, and go in there and put it in, I already have access to AWeber. I know some of y'all, I think you System IO, I'll probably put a host in the group. If you could just share, like, what platform you're using for your landing pages. I think that that would be good. And then I can break down or find the right resource for that too, as well. Yeah.

[2816:06] Speaker 5: You know, if you need to use my Active Campaign site as a guinea pig or whatever, then you're always welcome. Like, I'm not,

[2818:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll probably just use my own as a test. So I know how it works and stuff and Okay. Yeah.

[2819:40] Speaker 5: I mean, I'm just grateful so much for your Yeah,

[2820:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Thanks. Definitely. So like, like I said, I really want to work through some of these areas that maybe y'all are getting stuck. Feel free to bring some of this up in the group on any of the different calls and stuff like that. We can definitely help work through some of this

[2825:04] Speaker 5: when you're way over above and beyond the day. Thank you.

[2826:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right, everybody. I'm gonna log off here. Have a good one. Thanks.

[2827:19] Speaker 5: Bye.

