Get Dream Coaching Clients With Paid Advertising
Date: 2023-04-01T20:39:39.000Z
Duration: 97 min
Otter ID: bDlp3FdYWl30lUPQVXa-8PBBOU8
---

[152:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, what is up everybody? Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome to the training today get your dream coaching clients with paid advertising. Listen, thanks for being here. Thanks for being here today. I know you can be anywhere, anywhere in the world today but you decided to be here spend some time with us. Let's turn this music down here. People always ask me that To the beginning, how do you do the music and the countdown timer. So I like to show people. There's a site that I use called epidemic sound.com. We go to epidemic sound.com. And we can, we can find some royalty free music that I just playback on my computer. And then I, I use YouTube and I run a countdown timer that is typed in on YouTube and run that on the screen there. So that's how we do it. I keep it simple. I'm all about simple. So thanks for being here. Those of you that are here, you want to know how do you get more coaching clients, and your business with paid advertising. Now here's my commitment to you. I'm not going to sugarcoat things, I'm going to shoot straight with you. And I'm going to tell you the truth that most people that do presentations like this won't do. I'm gonna give you some implementation strategies, some stuff that works. But here's, here's the truth. There is no such thing as a get rich quick scheme with paid advertising, there is risk, you can lose money. If I told you Otherwise, I'd be lying. And unfortunately, there are marketers out there that have built their entire business, on lying to you, trying to convince you that there's no risk involved, you're not gonna get any of that from me, you're gonna get straight to the point, actual strategies that work that produce results. Now, just a little bit about my background. For those who that I haven't met yet. I know that there's a number of you that I have talked to that I have met, but not everybody has spent time with me seeing some of the different videos and trainings that we do. So I have over 1000 videos on YouTube that you can access that you can check out to help you grow your coaching business. And you might say Jeremiah, sorry, but I can't take you seriously with all the video games and stuff in the background here. Well, here's the thing. I believe in creating a space where you can be your authentic self. And for me, being my authentic self involves video games like the Zelda series, I got a Sega Genesis shirt on I got the original Gameboy right here, look at this actually works. You turn it on some y'all remember this, you turn it on, and it actually works, you can actually play it right here. If I'm, I'm gonna play this backwards on the screen and see if I can do this. Look at that. So yes, this is a professional atmosphere where we're, I'm going to show you what works, what produces results. I've built multiple eight figure coaching businesses over the years with some of the top mentors and trainers. In fact, just a little bit about my background. And where I got my start. I started 20 years ago, working with a lady working with a company called Danny johnson.com. And I got my start by putting together products that were sold on DVDs. And CDs. In fact, they still sell the ones that I worked on, I put together the DVD and CD set for this program. Now they sell it as a digital product, right. But back then it was it was a video and it was an audio and it was actually physically like they printed this stuff out. They got this stuff created and the war on debt program. And so I got my start working for this company that was coaching people training people, they would do seminars and virtual events and and they would do live events that brought a lot of transformation to people's lives in the network marketing and direct sales industry. Now, I'm not a big fan of that industry myself personally. But what did I learn by being in that environment 20 years ago? And you might say, well, you don't look old enough to have done this for 20 years. So I just had my 35th birthday last weekend. And yeah, I got started when I was 15 years old, 15 years old, putting together and editing the DVD and CD courses and trainings that were sold by Danny Johnson. Now, this goes to a common misconception that people have, okay, about the coaching business is that you need to have a lot of technical skill and you don't, in fact, the coaches that I know that have made multiple millions of dollars, they're not tech savvy at all. In fact, being tech savvy I have found is a detriment to your success in this industry. Because you know too much you're going to spend way too much time over analyzing the tech savvy people that I've tried to coach and work with. They struggle to actually make money. They have to work 10 times harder because they know way too much about how to do everything. The ones that are that are they're not tech savvy, but they but they learn how to communicate. They learn how to talk, they learn how to connect with an audience. Those are the ones that make the kind of money. That's possible. Six, seven, and even eight figures. And some of you know, my mom, Sandy, her kowski. Maybe maybe some of you didn't put two and two together that she was my mom. We had the same last name. She just moved here to Texas this weekend. We just saw her yesterday. And I worked with her to build this business to over $20 million using paid advertising, okay. I worked with a coach. His name is Rick Pino to build this business worship coach.com to over a million dollars a month using paid advertising. I worked with a friend of mine Georgie and banned off to build using paid advertising his school of ministry in his courses in his trainings, and now he's doing a marketplace series. And he did a couple $100,000 a month in sales off of this. And so I've been around the block. I've worked with a number of people that are successful, but I've also coached and mentored 1000s of people just like you that are just getting started. When I worked with my mom, I put together courses and trainings and coaching. And I've spent since Oh, I would say what did I do? My first one 2014. So for the last nine years, I have been coaching and mentoring people on using paid advertising. We actually sold one of the very first Facebook ads courses in in 2014. Actually, was it 2013? I think it was 2013. Yes, that was 10 years ago. 2013. We sold one of the first and best Facebook ads courses. And prior to that my mom had sold some in 2011 and 2010. Facebook ads had just come out in 2009. I have been using Facebook ads successfully. I did so in affiliate marketing, and made over $750,000 in revenue in affiliate marketing back in 2009 when I was 21 years old 11 years ago, okay, so I've been in the paid ad space for a minute now. I've managed over $11 million in ad spend. And to this day I manage my campaigns, I manage campaigns for some of our high level clients. And in the last year, I've actually started working with my mom, again, I manage all of her ad campaigns to get more clients into her stocks investment bootcamp, she she coaches people on how to trade stocks. And so we get clients for this stocks investment bootcamp. And I run the paid ads and I create the offers and all of this, I put all this together so so my track record is a lot of experience. And I have a unique ability to take very complicated things and make them simple for people. That's what I've been told by a lot of our clients but a lot of the people that we've worked with, and we have a number of clients in our in our coaching program that work with us that are getting results with paid ads that have never ran paid ads before. You can actually see this over here at my website when you register it if you scroll down here, some of the case studies that people these are recent like in the last couple of months $1,200 On our first ads campaign made 12 grand in sales on a test run $37,000 Her first month 2900 on ads made 12,000 profit, spent 500 on ads, made 4500 profit, spent 700 made 9500 profit, spent 650 made 15,000 And he actually came back and told us he made 25,000 he made he sold $1,000 product to 25 people which is $650 spent on ads. Nathan Fischer six figures using paid ads, Wesley and Stacey Campbell six figures using paid ads. Okay. And so

[307:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: when it comes to using Facebook and Instagram ads to get clients, I know exactly what works. But I'm going to tell you it's not a lottery ticket. It's not guaranteed. There is a risk involved. There's methodologies that work if you follow what I know how to do you can mitigate that risk. Okay, but there is no guarantee so I just got to put that disclaimer out there. I just got to let you know that if you're looking for a perfect guaranteed do this paint by number system. I got a oceanfront property in Arizona to sell you as well. Hint oceanfront property in Arizona don't exist, and neither does a guaranteed lottery ticket for coaches, trainers and mentors. But what there is, is there's a there's a repeatable duplicatable system, it does take hard work, it does take time, it does take an investment. Usually the coaches that we work with, they'll start with about 150 to $300. investment if they have a little bit more than that about 500 bucks, and they'll put it on a credit card. This is why paying off your debt is important have some open space in those credit cards because they don't charge you interest past 20 days or before 20 days. And so you can put your ad spend on a credit card and then pay it back with the sales that you get by applying what I'm going to show you Okay. And so what we've done and all of these businesses that I've built that I've worked with, and that I've helped people build, we've used paid advertising to grow our business in this business right now. In the last seven months, we've made $600,000 in sales with our coaching, using paid advertising. And those you that found me here, you found me through paid advertising. Now, here's the cool thing today. I didn't advertise it as this, this is a no pitch zone, I'm not going to be making a pitch to you at the end of this. You might be like, wait a second, how do you make money then, right? I, what I do is I use this as an opportunity to, to show people and to demonstrate my value. And I tell you about what I offer. But I'm not going to pitch you or sell you on it at all today, because I actually have nothing for you to buy. Okay, what we do have is we have a group coaching program, the the enrollment is closed, and no, I'm not opening the doors to it for you. If you write me or you tell me you want to join or anything like that the enrollments not open right now to my group coaching program, the client growth accelerator, and we're actually going to be rebranding this coaching program to the wealthy coach Academy. Okay, we don't have the brand up right now. But I'm just telling you right now, that's what this is. This is an environment for coaches, trainers, mentors, speakers, to become extremely wealthy, to work with me to get the support the accountability, the community, all of these clients that you're seeing right here are in the client growth accelerator. Okay, you get courses from me, that I've put together, these are pre recorded courses, you can read about it on my website, over at Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash accelerator. But the best part is you get the support and the accountability of our group of the people that are in there, I'm just going to show it to you here over on Facebook. We have a Facebook group, the CG accelerator group 169 members in here. And so look at this, these just excited people excited about the actions that they're taking, excited about the steps that they're taking. Excited about where they're headed in their business, the results that they're getting. And this is where he let us know that he made even more than that right there. Okay. You can post your ads, you can post your sales, copy your landing pages, I'm in here sharing and interacting, I comment. Every single post, I am interacting with people sharing growth tactics and strategies. Every single day in this group, this is where I spend the majority of my time on social media is working with this group of people. And so if you're looking for a group of people, a tribe to run with, of coaches, mentors that are using paid ads to get results, and they're actually getting results, and you're looking for people that are doing what you're doing that can support you and hold you accountable, the accelerator is the way to go. Okay, as I said, the doors are not open. But get on the waiting list for it for when they do open, and you'll get an email sent to you if you're on my email list. Okay, so I'm just telling you about what we have to offer, but I'm not pitching you on it. I do also have a one on one coaching offer. But it's $30,000. Okay. And so and what do you get for 30 grand? Well, you get one day with me. And then you get two follow up sessions, you get lifetime access to all of the courses that we have. And you get a one year membership to the accelerator, but there is no there's no money back guarantee. There's no guarantee of results, you actually have to release liability of any guarantee if you lose money on your paid ads if things don't work out, etc. But we do have financing partners that you can work with to finance this. And so this is also an opportunity right here that you can use to work with me, you got to put down $1,000 non refundable deposit, and then we can get the ball rolling on that as well. So we do have that for you. But the best way to work with us right now is in trainings like this is in these live trainings is in events like this. We have a couple that are coming up. I haven't announced them yet, but when I got one on Tuesday next week, it's all about I'm developing and planning out your signature course and coaching program. How to put your coaching program together if you're a newbie, consider jumping into this. As well, we got a five day event that we're hosting on April 10. All about growing your coaching business with Zoom events, a five day mastermind, consider jumping into this as well, it's again, it's free, totally free to spend five days with us immersed in an environment, learning how to grow your coaching business with live events like this. Okay. And so for those you that are watching here today, you might be saying, well, I just I want to know, how do I make money with paid ads? How do I not lose money with my paid ads? That's really the thing that people are asking, How do I know how to target? How do I know how to put it together with a lack of technical sales? How do I write the copy? How do I know what to say in the ad? How do I make sure that my ads don't get rejected? My Account doesn't get shut down? How do I scale those ads? Okay, growing a coaching business, with paid advertising, paid ads is the most effective way to grow a coaching business. Again, if you're here today, and you registered for this training, and you're like, Well, I just want to know how to do it without paid ads. That's, that's not this training, that set it in the name with paid advertising. Okay. So if you're looking for how to do it organic and free and cheap, this is this is not it. You're not going to have to spend a lot of money, but you are going to have to make an investment. And there is a risk involved. Okay? Now the lie is this, there's lies that people believe about paid ads, that you need a huge social media following. We've proven that with multiple clients, you're gonna have a brand new page, a brand new Instagram, a brand new Facebook page, and scale to multiple six figures, okay, so you don't need a huge organic social media presence. However, it doesn't hurt to have organic social media content. But you don't need to spend a whole bunch of time working and grinding the organic scene in hopes of getting clients. In fact, Zuckerberg changed the algorithm, unfortunately, to where now he penalizes coaches and mentors and people that make money and don't show your content to people very much. Like a couple 100 views, if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor, they're not going to show your content to very many people. Okay. And so realize that we actually also tested this was my client, Rick Pino, he made over a million dollars a month, he didn't post on social media for an entire year. All right. And so realize that the best way to get dream coaching clients into your business is actually by growing your email list by getting people to sign up with you by identifying who is your best target client, and getting them to sign up with you to join your email list. And crafting irresistible offers that people want to sign up for. This is what we call an offer. This is what we call an irresistible offer. What I'm doing on next next week, an irresistible offer for the right people. So what we do is we speak to the desires of our target client. And what's fun is we use artificial intelligence to do all of this. We use AI tools, like chat, GPT, and Jasper to write all of our sales copy. So you don't have to be an expert marketer. You don't even have to have a bunch of experience coaching people, when you use these AI tools. You also don't need a bunch of case studies and testimonies. You don't need to be certified. You don't need to have all of this stuff together. You don't need to spend more time. But can I just tell you this spending more time on your business does not produce more results when it comes to a coaching business. Simple produces results,

[467:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: large budgets, you don't need a huge budget. We spend a couple of $1,000 a month in our business. And that's what's made us over $600,000 in the last seven months. If you made $600,000 In sales, you think you'd have a few $1,000 to take from that sales by following this system to grow your coaching business. Absolutely. But I'm going to just go back to what I said here at the beginning. This is not a lottery ticket. There are no guarantees. There are risks involved. There's the risk of that you spend time putting an offer out there running paid ads. nobody shows up. Nobody purchases from you. Even if you're In my coaching program, it happens. It absolutely happens. And I'd be lying to you if I didn't say it didn't. What's the percentage of people that actually make money in our coaching program? See, most coaches and gurus won't tell you this, these numbers I will the number has actually gone up. It's about 20% of the people that are in our program are seeing positive financial results. It's actually almost I think it's actually closer to 25%. What about the 75%? Why are they in the program? Well, a lot the 75%. They're, they're building their offer right now. They're about to launch their offer. Okay, because we're working with a segment of people. We just launched the program in August. It's a year long program, and they're about to launch their offer, and well I work with people through is how do you break up with procrastination? How do you break up with the mindset that stopping you one of the biggest things that actually stops people from launching their paid ads, and I know what it is, they're not sure if they're actually going to be able to close sales. And so the fear or worry of losing money prevents them from even launching. So when you can actually grow in the skill set of sales, the skill set of communication, which we have courses and training in our program that help people do that, we're going to walk you through that as well, during the five day event that I'm hosting on April 10, through the 14th. Live zoom events like this are the best method to grow your coaching business. Okay. So if you're wondering what's the best offer to get people to become a client in my coaching business, you're looking at it right now. You're looking at it right now. Not that you have to sell paid advertising, training, but hosting live events over zoom like this on video, and where you run paid ads, just like we're doing, to get people to give you their name and email address to join your email list around a specific topic, a specific goal that they have, and then you host a live intensive. So we have a methodology called the feedback loop that allows you to know exactly what your target customers want. So what is the feedback loop? And how does it work? And how do you address your target customers needs, desires, and pain points strategically, to create the best results with your ads. I'm going to walk you through that whole process here. I'm gonna walk you through your targeting, how do you create an ad? How do you structure it in a way that produces results. But here's what I'm gonna tell you, we have about another, I would say our left together, there's a lot more to this. And so that's why I have provided for you, for those of you that are here today, the VIP upgrade. I thought he said he didn't have anything to sell. You don't have to buy this, it's only seven bucks. So it's not like I'm like pitching you something crazy. For just $7 you get access to the recording of today's training, because trust me, you're gonna want the recording, you're gonna get access to the bonus q&a that we're hosting at 430, Eastern 330 Central after the session. Okay. Immediately following this session, we got to stay on time, I'm going to be meeting with a group of you in a private room, another Zoom Room. So if you upgrade to the VIP, you'll get access to that that private Zoom Room login. It's a separate Zoom Room, where you'll be able to ask questions, you'll be able to come up you'll be able to type your questions in. During the live session like this, I found for myself, I actually closed the chat window, I don't look at it. I found that it messed me up a little bit to have to read the chat the whole time. We have a support agent that that posts links and stuff in there for us. Okay. And so if you're seeing links that are posted with my name on there, that's our support team. Thank you to them. Thank you to Rebecca, thank you to Michaela for helping us do this. Okay. And so what do you get you get the live training, you get the recording of today's session. By the way, the recording of today's session expires in 24 hours, the free recording expires in 24 hours, you're not going to be able to buy the VIP as well after 24 hours. Okay. So if you want the recording, it's $7 you get lifetime access to today's recording. You get the recording of the VIP q&a. Even if you can't attend, it's valuable. Plus, you get the bonus trainings. You get the finding your niche bundle, and you get my creating your Facebook ads effectively training session. And this has a script that you can use to put into chat GPT to write up what do you say in your paid ads. I'm gonna walk you through that script as well here on this video. You also get My bonus pdf of my favorite chat GPT commands. Now I'm going to give that to everybody here today, we're actually gonna go post it in the group, we'll put it in the chat as well, because I really want to give this to everybody. As a bonus today, chat GPT has changed the game when it comes to marketing. Okay, we also use a platform called jasper.ai, which utilizes proprietary artificial intelligence models. And that utilizes GPT Ford, to allow you to create Facebook ads. And so we use this for our email marketing, I write my mom's emails, we create our Facebook ads, using Jasper. And so you can get a free trial of Jasper will send you an email with the free trial of Jasper. And you can either use chat GPT, the GPT four model is recommended. Okay, if you're like, oh, man, my head is spinning. I'm overwhelmed by all this tech stuff. Okay, let's simplify this for you. Imagine if you had an assistant that only cost you 100 bucks, that could actually write all of your marketing for you. In fact, Jasper only costs What's the price of Jasper now? They've actually lowered the price. Jasper is incredible. Because it's never down. Chat GBT is free, but it's down half the time. Okay. And the 3.5 version of chat, GBT is not the best at writing Facebook ads. So you at least need to pay for the upgraded version of chat GPT to do this, which is 20 bucks a month, Jasper, for writing Facebook ads, it starts at $24 a month, $29 a month, we recommend using boss mode, which gives you access to GPT. Four gives you create better ads. And so you can get a free trial of this, we have an affiliate link that I'll send you or you can just go to their website, sign up for a free trial. Realize though, that if you do the free trial, you're gonna want to select monthly on this not annually, or you're gonna get charged for the whole year. So just keep that in mind and write them they are they have a great customer service team. If they do charge you for the whole year and you don't want to stay on for the whole year. They can back that off for you. They're incredible. Honestly, the the people who run Jasper, the company behind them is one of the best companies in general. And so yes, do we need Jasper still when we have chat? GPT I say you do I say you need to use both. Because sometimes chat GPT is down sometimes you run out of of words to use and chat GPT. And so I use both in my business. I'm utilizing GPT four, which if you notice here, so they have GPT 3.5. And then GPT four, if you don't even know you're like what is this chat GPT go sign up for it, I would recommend upgrading to GPT plus. As well, if you can go join the API waitlist tried GPT plus right here. Okay. I just want to see how they how they connect you with this. If you are not a member, they give you the opportunity to sign up right here. Create an account and then it looks like they're giving you the chance to upgrade to GPT plus. So GPT plus is $20 a month. And it's the best artificial intelligence engine on the planet. For writing, sales, copy and ads. You can see it's better at its reasoning abilities. It's better and it's writing abilities. This artificial intelligence has surpassed human copywriters in almost every single way. And so, Jasper is trained on those algorithms as well for writing Facebook ads.

[628:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so what we do is we take a look at, you first want to start with creating your irresistible offer. With your irresistible offer, you want to address your your target clients needs, their desires, and their pain points. Okay. And we have a chat GPT prompt that we put together that actually does all of this for you. These are the prompts that you can use that you can type in a chat GPT. So I just want to show you real briefly kind of how quickly this works to create Facebook ads. In just a couple of steps. We're going to start out with a blank slate on chat GPT and I'm going to say create a landing page for a In fact, I'm going to pull up my prompts and we're just going to do Use these prompts to do it write a sales letter prompt Okay, or we can use this one right here. So this is about the above content but what I like to do is you can edit this or you actually tell it what it's about

[648:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: create write a sales letter for a free webinar based on and you can change this out right here based on helping women who struggle to get pregnant due to Hashimotos or thyroid issues, by the way, this is one of my clients actually has this as as what he does, let me let me move my Lipsy let me move my video over here just real quick over for you, so that I'm not blocking the screen. Is that better? There we go. Now not blocking the screen. Write a sales letter for a free webinar based on helping women who struggled to get pregnant due to Hashimotos or thyroid issues in a conversational informal tone. And then I like to have it rewrite it in the tone of Sandy Krakowski. And this is where I start with all of our marketing right here. Ladies is the answer to fertility issues. Hey there beautiful Are you a woman has been struggling to get pregnant because the Hashimotos trust me. I know how frustrating isolating it can be. But don't worry, I've got your back. I'm so excited to invite you to this webinar. Okay, now GPT, four is a lot slower at this than GPT 3.5 is GPT. 3.5 is like lightning speed at writing copy. And so you need GPT four GPT four has much better outputs. I'm just going to compare this for you. To 3.5 If we do the same thing, are you struggling to get pregnant, it can be frustrating due to difficulties. But I have good news for you during this webinar, we'll be able to show you this. Okay, so it lacks a lot of emotion. I don't like the outputs from 3.5 GPT. Four is much closer to our final outputs for sales letters. But it's not quite there. So what we have is we have a prompt if you scroll down here that lists out all the pain points. And it addresses all of this and I base this off of an eight figure copywriting methodology that comes from the book, The Ultimate sales letter written by Dan Kennedy, okay. By the way, if you're looking for somebody to read some books from Dan Kennedy's books, they're on Amazon. Absolutely incredible. For coaches and consultants, I base our entire system off of what Dan Kennedy has taught. And he's the OG he's been doing it for 50 years, made millions. My mom was coached by Dan Kennedy and Bill Glazer. And so all the methodologies that my mom and I do and what I teach, and maybe if you follow Russell Brunson, Dan Kennedy based the Ultimate Sales Letter is one of the best books. And what they have is there's these 10 Smart market diagnosis questions, you need to understand this about your market to be able to create good ads, okay. So, like, understanding this, this is what creates good ad spent. Here's the cool part. We used to spend all this time crafting sales letters and sales, copy and, and writing to people writing all of this copy for our ads and testing things and all this now with AI. We just use what the AI gives us. I don't even barely edit it. I edit like 5% of what the AI gives me. And it gives us leads for like $3 $2 We're in the campaign right now for my mom that's getting $1 leads for this campaign right here that you're a part of we were getting $2 leads with Facebook ads $2 per email address that signed up with us. Okay, so like I mentioned growing the email list is the exact methodology that you need to build your business so you have to create an irresistible offer that connects with your prospect. And it starts with the sales copy by understanding these smart market questions. Are you Are you tracking what I'm throwing down? So I'm painting a picture for you of how this all works, how you actually get your dream clients, because I don't want just anybody on my email list. I want the right people, and I don't want to waste money, running paid ads. That's all we do is we strategically figure out okay, who are our dream clients? Who are the right people that to work with us in our business? And we tell our clients to go through the same process, the smart market diagnosis questions, what keeps them up at night? What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? What are their top three daily frustrations? What trends are occurring around them? What are they secretly in ardently desire? Is there a built in bias to the way that they make decisions such as engineers being exceptionally analytical or or, you know, Kingdom entrepreneurs wanting things to be from a Christian perspective? Do they have their own specific language and way of talking? Who else is selling similar to them? This one's important. You want to look at who else is selling something similar to your coaching and your market? Now you're not looking at what their their content is. You're looking at their offers, you're taking a look at who's running ads to your market? And what are they marketing you get on their email lists? And you look at what are they sending their list as offers and trainings to their list? Okay, this right here is one of the biggest unlocks that's going to help you with paid ads. So what I like to do is I will use a combination of chat GPT to create a simple basic sales letter doesn't have to be perfect. I'm not going to use any of this because it's honestly terrible for the market. Some of y'all are like I use shout GPT is stale. And it's not good. Because because you're not using it right. And I mentor people on how to use it right. I'm going to show you how to use it right here right now. Okay, so this prompt right here, takes from the Dan Kennedy book, and answers these questions for us. pain points, feeling alone and overwhelmed to their fertility journey, difficulty conceiving despite various treatments, the emotional toll of negative pregnancy tests and possible miscarriages. Objections to registering for the webinar doubted the effectiveness, concern about the time commitment, fear of facing the reality of their struggles, or worries about not being able to have a child impact. Okay. So we start with having the AI which is trained on a wide range of information and the internet to find us what are the pain points, what are the issues and it helps us write our sales copy, it helps us put headlines together, it helps us put language to exactly what our niche is going to connect with. Okay. And so everything that we do starts with persuasive sales copy like this. I have a methodology that I call the six steps for coaches. What are the six steps I'm gonna show you here right now? Step number one. Find your niche. What is your niche? Okay, if you don't know what your niche is, grab the VIP upgrade the finding your niche training bundle with over 100 niches that you can choose from a PDF right here. My high level irresistible offer target customer roadmap, whom are you selling to document that has exactly the right question that you need to hone in on your target customer are included in there. And then I break down how to create these Facebook ads effectively. I'm going to take this training right here takes what I'm going to teach you and expands upon it. And the answer is about 99% of the questions that you're going to have. Okay. So for $7, you get that plus the recording to this training. So a lot of people do is finding their niche. Step number two is we write our offer, copy the words that go on our landing page, the words that describe who we help. What we're not doing is we're not mapping out our course or our training right here. That's actually the worst thing that you can do. We map out our course and training while we're writing the offer copy. Did you know that there's a command that you can give chat GPT that says, map out the module topics and subtopics of each training for a 12 week coaching program

[800:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did this based on the above info, and niche? There we go. Understanding the thyroid issues, the role of IT and hormones and fertility. So literally chat CBT can get you 90% of the way to the finish line of actually mapping your topics out what you're going to teach, what you're going to help people with, how you're going to help them work through what it is that you actually offer. And so I'd highly recommend utilizing this AI to do that. We use a system. And this is why I recommend that you use virtual events. And I'm skipping ahead a little bit here because I need to tell you this, some of you are like I don't know what my target customer wants, I don't know what they're they need. So I have a document right here. That's over 58 pages long. It's a Word document, with all of the questions that people have answered that have joined trainings just like this. When you jumped into the Facebook group to grab the pre trainings, you answered questions, what are you struggling with? And what would you like to learn from Jeremiah? So I have an assistant that copies those over here to this document. And what we do is I take your answers. And I filter them into the AI. And the AI writes our sales copy based off of the exact answers that people give us. Based off of the exact topics that people give us. Okay, so that once you have the idea figured out, you have all that figured out. What I'll usually do is I'll use this command right here. Which is more of a storytelling sales letter framework. When you tell it based on the above, it'll frame it that way. Are you struggling with fertility due to Hashimotos I know what it's like I've been there too. The endless negativity tests, the frustration of trying everything under the sun and feeling like you're alone on your journey. See, the AI was able to inject that in there because we're able to train it on what to actually do to get those results. And so it puts together your language, it puts together your landing page language for your offer. Then what we do is we have a prompt that writes our Facebook ads, Facebook ad copy, prompt, generate problem agitate solution copy and then write Facebook ads copy based on the above.

[849:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Struggling to conceive you're not alone, it can be overwhelming, full of frustration. But don't despair. Our free webinar will teach you the secrets to overcoming infertility and Hashimotos you're not alone in this journey. And we have the solution for you join our free webinar, discover the solutions to the secrets of fertility success. Reserve your spot here regain control over your journey and transform your life today. So literally, you could copy this right here. And use that as the Facebook ads, copy the language that you put into the Facebook ad. And if you've never used the Facebook ads manager before, I'd recommend diving into there playing around with it. There's a number of videos on YouTube, how to use the Facebook Ads Manager 2023 When you learn how to use YouTube, really well see look, Facebook ads tutorial 2023 How to create them for beginners, okay, this is like it would take me about two hours just to walk you through using the ads manager itself. So I'd recommend going to YouTube. YouTube's algorithm is really smart. I like putting 2023 here because it's updated. Okay. And I'll just tell you like any of these videos that are ranking here, there'll be there'll be great to walk you through setting up your first campaign and how to do that. Okay. Just go over to YouTube type in how to use the Facebook Ads Manager 2023. Okay. If you want to know like the tech side of it. And then like, where do you press the buttons? Where do you put the ads, stuff like that. Our clients that are in our client growth accelerator they have access to we have some service providers as well that will help you set up your Facebook ads, put them together. And so by joining our group, you're able to talk with those people and they get to help you as well. Now that's an additional fee that you pay them. They don't work for us but they're part of our community. and they can help you do that. We got beginner, intermediate advanced level people. All right. So if you've never made a Facebook ad before, you're like, I'm overwhelmed by what to do in the ads manager, where do I click? Where do I go? Again, go go check out some of these videos that are on YouTube. This one, let me see this one seems a little more technical about like creating the ad and stuff like that. Where do you place it? Things like that. So those are all great, great videos right there. Okay. What you want to do and what actually makes the ad work is the ads copy and the creative. Okay. So what are those two things? Well, we came up with the ads, copy using chat GPT. And the creative the creative is two different types of things. One form of a creative when we call it a creative, it's a format. Is it an image or a graphic? Is it a video? So usually, we utilize two types of ads, we utilize a video ad, and we utilize a graphic ad. And the very best thing for coaches and mentors to market is, as I mentioned, virtual events on Zoom. Okay, maybe you're watching this right now, you're saying, Well, I don't know how to do a virtual event on Zoom. So like this is really overwhelming. Again, that's why I highly recommend that you join us for this five day mastermind. On on April 10, through the 14th. called Grow your coaching business with Zoom events. I'm going to walk you through how do you grow your group coaching, using Zoom events? And we're going to spend five days together to put together the whole thing, how do we come up with what topic for the event? How do we know what to put in our ads? How do we write our copy? Okay. Let's just go over what's in what we're teaching in this five day event. If you're on here today, and you want to know, how do I take this to the next level? Can you walk with me through this, again, the coaching programs closed, this is the next best way to work with me for these five days together on April 10, through the 14th. We're gonna walk you through crafting your irresistible event offer the differences between a winning offer and a failing one, we'll uncover everything that you need to stand out and attract clients. And then day two is how to position it for maximum impact the psychology behind the offer so that it hits how to inspire people to choose yours versus others. This is all about our sales copy. This is all about the Facebook ads, when you put on the landing page, how do you do the presentation? Okay, then we're going to show you how you can automate it even if you're not a tech genius, how to actually use the power of technology so that you only have to work five to 10 hours a week to do this. And then how do you have that actually convert to sales? What do you say in the event to convert to sales? What do you say to get people to buy from you. So all of our clients right now, all of those coaches that I mentioned, all of those testimonies that you see on the page, they're using virtual zoom events to do that, and we're using artificial intelligence to help us every step of the way. So please, I implore you register for this event. It's completely free. If you're a coach, if you're a course creator, mentor, trainer speaker, then you want to make 20 to $40,000 per month starting with a group coaching program. Using virtual events on Zoom, we're not talking about doing discovery calls. I don't do discovery calls I did 400 discovery calls years ago. Not worth it. Not worth my energy. No posting on social media all day long. You don't need to post on social media all day long. Using beginner friendly tech, what do we use for our landing page. We use Squarespace to put together our landing pages. extremely affordable product, extremely easy to use.

[949:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Squarespace is $23 a month I recommend usually the $33 a month level because it gives you the analytics and allows you to optimize it more mobile optimized websites and things like that. Plus allows you to put all the scripts and stuff that you need customization to actually run Facebook ads so you pretty much if you're running ads you need the $33 month level we use we use MailChimp for our email list. MailChimp directly integrates the Squarespace okay. And then we use Zoom. We have people join us on Zoom like this. Or if you don't want to use Zoom they You could join us in a Facebook group, you could use a system like stream yard, stream yard allows you to put together videos, you're able to put them into stream yard, you're able to broadcast them out, you're about to go live in St. Mary and broadcast it into a Facebook group, kind of like we're doing for this event right now. Okay. So if you want to know, how do you grow a group coaching business using Zoom events, maybe you're like, Well, I don't have my coaching business design yet. I don't have it developed, I don't know what I'm going to do. I do not recommend you wait until you have it all developed before you actually launch with a zoom event. Here's why the feedback loop is so important. You need the feedback loop. You need to have people in front of you asking you questions telling you what are they struggling with? So then you can take that data into chat GPT and have it craft a better offer for you, which brings your ads cost down. Okay. And so the steps are, yeah, you you find your niche, you write your offer copy. We put our landing pages together. We put those opt in pages where people sign up. You might be watching this right now you're like Jeremiah, can't I just send people straight to my coaching program with an ad and they can buy from me? Prior to COVID-19? You could now you can't. There's so many coaches out there, the algorithm penalizes that you're going to lose money, you're not going to make the kind of money you want to make just sending people to your coaching offer. Okay. Can I do an ebook? Can I do a masterclass you can. But we find that those don't convert to sales, and they cost a lot more money and ads. And they're a lot more complicated to actually get sales than running zoom events. Okay. Zoom events is the number one way It's what all of our clients are using that are getting results. And it's what you need to use as a coach is running live events, where you get to connect with your target prospect, you get to demonstrate your value. And then you get to tell them about what you have to offer. You get people on your email list because the event is the offer. The event is the irresistible offer. The problem that you solve with the event is the offer what am I solving with this event? showing people how to grow a group coaching business with live events? What am I solving with the one that you're on here today? I'm showing you how to get dream clients with paid advertising. Okay. After you have your landing page built, then this is where you promote it and this is with paid ads. Step number five you actually sell this is where you do your your zoom event you sell on Zoom. Maybe you're watching this right now you're like I don't feel comfortable selling I don't I don't like to sell. I don't I don't like that it makes me feel icky. To sell to people can I ask you this? Do I make you feel icky today is what I'm talking about making you feel icky. I don't recommend people use slimy tactics, unethical advertising, unethical promises. What I recommend is that all you do is you just show up authentically as yourself. And that's why we have to break up with the belief of perfectionism. That's why we have to break up with the belief that everything needs to be perfect. In order for us to be able to grow our business, we have to break up with this belief that we have to have a big following, then we have to do everything such so we had to break up with the victim mindset as well. Let me explain what I mean by that. See, I was operating out of the victim mindset when no other victim mindset manifests. Well, Zuckerberg rejected my ads. So now you're a victim to Zuckerberg. Well, my spouse doesn't support me. So now you're a victim to your spouse. Well, my kids take up all my time. So now you're a victim to your kids. And I don't mean this to sound harsh or like I have no empathy. I've worked with 1000s of coaches. I know that there are circumstances I also know that people are victims of abuse and trauma. And that there are hard things that have happened to people and that if you've been abused or traumatized, you didn't deserve what happened to you. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about being somebody that blames everything outside of them for why their life isn't where they want to be. You have to break up with that. And you have to grow some thick skin to where you're not trying to please everybody. pleasers lose money in this business. people pleasers lose money in this business. People who are always trying to make everybody happy trying to please everybody trying to do what everybody wants to do. You want to be be burnt out stressed out, go to the hospital and make no money. Be a people pleaser in A coaching business. Uh huh. Because you're gonna have people that are going to complain at you for what you're not doing what for what they're unhappy about. And there's some of you right now you're watching this right now you're, you're unhappy with how you believe that I did this training. Awesome, that I'm not going to try to convince you that you should work with me, as you should listen to me. Some of you are just like, offended by what I just said. Not my job to make you like me. It's my job to actually tell you the truth. And it's my job to point you in the right direction. It's my job to show you what actually works. Is it going to take time commitment? Absolutely. Is it going to take an investment? Absolutely. Is it a lottery ticket? No. Are you going to have to learn some new skills to grow your coaching business with virtual events and paid ads? Absolutely. But all of this is learnable. And all of this, you can change the pattern that you've had in your life. Some of you have had a pattern of losing money when you run paid ads, being overwhelmed by all the tech avoiding doing the things that you need to do because you're not ready yet. Or you're setting the foundations or you're getting ready. Can I tell you this, all that is is insecurity. All that is is worry and fear. Perfectionism is not a spirit of excellence, a spirit of excellence is detrimental in the coaching business, wondering why. Because the spirit of excellence when it comes to your marketing will make you not launch because you're afraid of not being good enough to people. And I get it, you're a person that probably prides yourself and your spirit of excellence. Can I tell you this? Perfectionism is like a drug addiction. And when you allow your spirit of excellence to be the crutch, when you allow your integrity to be your crush that you blame for why you can't launch a paid ads for why you can't sell to people for why you can't use it, do a zoom event. You're giving up the power to your life to outside circumstances, and you're operating out of the victim mindset. I know that this is probably hurting some people. I ain't here to be your cheerleader. today. I'm here to tell you the truth of what you need to hear to get to the next level because I don't have time to waste.

[1081:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have coaches I work with. They've been working. They've been following me for 10 years, they still haven't launched their Facebook ads yet. Why? Because they're not sure yet that their offer is good enough. Because they're not certain that it's going to work because they're looking for certain guarantees, because they're afraid of losing money. Because they allow fear to be the master commander ruler and control over their life. If you want to succeed, you got to change your mindset. And you got to change how you think about things and you got to have a vision for where you're going. Do you have a vision for making 20 to $40,000 per month? If so, then great. If you don't then you need to get a vision. You need to start to see why am I wanting to do this? Maybe you're like all this just sounds overcomplicated too much work probably is for you then. I mean, I don't mean that to be harsh. When probably is too much work for you if that's where you're coming in with that mindset. If work in five to 10 hours a week run in virtual events on Zoom is too much work for you to grow a half a million dollar business i I have no solutions for you.

[1103:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if you're somebody who's teachable, you're somebody who's willing to learn how to do hard things. If you're somebody who is willing to use artificial intelligence, can I tell you this, the coaches that don't use artificial intelligence will be irrelevant in six months. Irrelevant. You have no chance at success. The coaches that are trying to grow without AI. Why? Because the AI is accelerating our culture faster than anything else. I'm just talking about for your marketing. I'm just talking about for your for your ads and for your emails and for what do you how do you craft and put together a good sales pitch? We use AI to actually help us craft that. Take a look at this. I have two documents right here. Based off of the artificial intelligence that tells me this is My outline for today's talk, you know how long it took to generate this 10 minutes. With AI, I outline I have fears and worries of attendees, sacred cow topics, topics to avoid preconceived judgments disqualifiers and outline of what to talk about. And all of that was generated in 10 minutes by just taking the questions that people told me and taking my offer copy and putting it together into a very strategic formula that you can follow. Okay. And so if you're thinking about joining us, on April 10, to the 14th, please do so. Register now for this event, it's going to be the best opportunity out there for you. If you're a coach, if you're a mentor, it's completely free to learn exactly what to do to start to run paid ads that actually work and actually produce results by doing virtual events. What are you going to run your paid ads to? What are you going to send people to you need to have an offer to send them to. And so virtual events are what's converting what's working, even if you don't want to do a virtual event. This is going to help you even if you want to do an ebook or a pre recorded masterclass or something like that. That'll still work, the same process that we're going to show you works no matter what offer you put together. But what we've found in the last two years of doing this, and right now in our business, virtual events are what get our ad cost down are what produced the most sales, and what produce the best results. And they create an opportunity for us to pull our audience and to survey our audience about what are their struggles? What are they dealing with? And how can we lead and direct people to get results in their business. And so we take those, we filter them into chat GPT. And then that's what puts together our landing page copy. That's what writes all the words that are on this page right here. What I just showed you today, those prompts that we use are what writes these words. That's what comes up with the topics that we're going to teach. You know, you can here's it, here's a prompt that you could use, generate 20 possible titles for a live seminar that will help solve the problem above. Actually, based the titles on the desired outcome that the potential client wants, there we go. GPT can actually help you come up with the titles of your virtual events, can see with confidence unlock fertility potential Hashimotos to motherhood, fertility warriors, the fertility breakthrough and powered for. So like these can be live zoom events that you run if this is your niche names like this pathway to pregnancy navigating fertility with hacia. I like this one a lot.

[1175:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Write a sales letter in the storytelling format, above the tone understanding capacity for this five day intensive

[1178:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: your pathway to pregnancy awaits. I've got a story to share with you that I know will touch your heart. I recently met a lovely woman who like many was struggling to conceive. She felt lost and overwhelmed. And you can if this is you as a client, you could literally inject any of your clients names into this. When she stumbled across our intensive program. It changed her life forever. She learned the tools and strategies to overcome our challenges and discover the secrets to managing it. And now it's your turn. I want to invite you to this five day intense. That's an amazing email the send out and chat GBT helps write all of this for you. Some of you, I would highly recommend you grab the VIP to this event today. You want to know where the VIP is we'll put the link in there. You'll find it in your email, grab the VIP to today's event because you're gonna want to be able to pause the session and write down what I just said as those prompts that you want to use. You're gonna want my prompt PDF again you get the prompt PDF, go grab that everybody gets it for free, all included in the email as well. But you get a PDF in the members area as well that have that plus you get my Facebook ads training that shows you how to create Facebook ads effectively. Right here. I'm gonna walk you through how do we come up with the the two creatives for our ads, and then we're going to close here, okay? I know this is helping you guys, I know that. So what we would do is you would create a graphic in Canva. For the pathway to pregnancy file, or whatever your name of your event is, you create a graphic in Canva for your event. Just like what we have here, these graphics right here, by the way, we're looking at creating a tool for you, where you can actually use some of our templates for our graphics for your, your, your events, we don't have it created yet, but it's something that we're there that we're really thinking of putting together. So all you got to do is fill in your photo right there. And that photo could just be a selfie photo off your phone. See, look at some of y'all the victim mindset manifests in I don't have, I don't have professional photos, so I can't launch my event yet, you can use a selfie photo, create a graphic with the title. And you know, you could just type in right here, event promotion, Facebook ads, going to Canva and just put your event info on any of these graphics that are in Canva be great, be great for you. Here's a good one right here for your virtual event. So you put together a graphic. And so then what you do is you actually use the Canva graphic with the title of your event and your photo, it's important your photo and then the title of the event and then the sub headline. And that's the graphic. That's what we do for our graphics. Okay, you can see the graphics that we have for our different events that we've ran. Here's an event graphic right here, launch your group coaching offer, growing your email list, step by step. growing your email list right here, okay. And so we run these as the graphic ads, that graphic also serves as the header on our landing page. So we put the Canva graphic here. And those are the same graphic ads that we run, okay. And we use the copy that chat GPT generated, write a Facebook ad, or actually convert the above to PHS, copy and then convert that to a Facebook ad sales copy. So we use the copy from chat GPT with the graphic, and we run that as a graphic ad. Then we take we do a four part framework

[1243:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna go into the bonus here. What, there's the VIP login, we don't want to have that up on the screen. Otherwise, everybody will see it. There we go. So this training right here, this is the script that you use for your video ads. Okay. And so this script, we put this in the chat GPT. And it helps us craft our video ads and what we actually say, hey, so if I take this script back into it, write a video ad script that follows these four steps are you struggling to conceive and desperately seeking a solution on your journey? Hi, my name is and I'm a certified expert and creator of the pathway to pregnancy program. And I've helped women just like you become overcome their fertility challenges. I'm offering a free five day intensive where I walk you through the practical proven strategies to boost your fertility. Even if you're a beginner at navigating Hashimotos you can expect personalized guidance. So what are you waiting for, click the link now register for this event. Okay, some of you all saw the ads that we ran for this event right here. And they were just like that. I created those with my cell phone. I created those simple ads that were running for this event. With my cell phone. I just recorded them outside of my house. Follow this exact same set recorded them right here. I follow this four step script. Again, if you grab the VIP, you'll have access to that script. You can pause this and grab it real quick screenshot it asking Chad GPT to write out a four part video ad script. Then what I do is I just say the script in my own words, and that becomes our video ads. That four part script right there. I use an app called captions.ai To actually dial in our captions, okay. And that's how we're able to put the words that are on the screen right there. And we just use chat GPT, to write our video scripts to create our Facebook ads. And then we put those up on Facebook, to run our ads. Now some of you're like, Well, how do I know what to target? How do I know who to target? Here's where things they've changed everything. Now, the AI, they look at what are the words that are on your landing page, what is your offer copy, and the AI. Now what you do is you broadly target like 20 to 30 million people, a pretty wide net of people. Based around what is the desired result that the person have, so you put that as the broad targeting. But when you dial in your offer copy, which had GPT. The algorithm on Facebook takes a look at what are these words that are on the page, they're analyzing these words. And their algorithm is able to show your ad to people, when you dial these words and write to the right people that are going to take the most action with your ad. The algorithm actually goes to work in Facebook, which is why the most important step to writing ads is getting your offer copy dialed in, is creating that offer copy. And then you strategically write your Facebook ad and what you say in the video that directly aligns with what that offer copy is. So we'll do a virtual zoom event that we'll put up. And this language that's on this page is what tells Facebook, who to target for us. So we'll do some broad targeting. And then as you get a few people visiting your landing page, you build what's called a look alike audience. So a look alike audience is where the magic happens. The look alike audience is based off of who has actually taken action with you. Maybe they've engaged with your social media, maybe they visited an offer page, maybe they watched 75% of your ad video. You can create an audience of those people and narrow it down to 10 million people that are most likely to fit into a similar category to who is going to register for your event and who's going to buy your program. And then the algorithm will go to work and show your offer to people based off of that offer copy. And what we do is we dial in the intent with the language, we dial in the words that you use. That's what I help my clients do in my client growth accelerator is we have offer copyrights and I review their copy and I look at their ad copy and we look at their targeting and how are they spending? And when are they launching it? And what's the length of time that they have for their events? Again, we're going to cover all of that. In the five day virtual mastermind together, if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you're a trainer and you want to know, how do I grow my group coaching business with Zoom events, I'm going to walk you through that entire process of developing your event. What do you say in the event? And how can you feel confidence that you can close sales? How do you make sure that your ads are aligned? Right? How do you actually program that algorithm? And then how do you find who exactly do you target? That's what we're going to be going over in this for five days. We're going to spend five days together breaking down how to grow your group coaching business with Zoom events. And I didn't even mention the VIP upgrade to this. Why? Because like I said, I don't want to I don't want to make this a pitching session. But can I tell you about the VIP upgrade? Is that okay? Because I put together one of the best VIPs ever for this. The VIP upgrade the regular price on it's 197. But I'm discounting it until midnight tomorrow, Sunday, April 2 for $19. Okay, if you bought the VIP upgrade that this event that you're on right now, it's $7 This is a different VIP upgrade. I'm not bundling them together. It's $28 out of pocket $26 out of pocket for you to have the VIP to this one. And then we're going to be meeting for the q&a after this. But if you want five days with me of training, plus I'm going to show you the VIP offer plus five I have days of q&a coaching with me, to where you get to join me after each session. We're going to go into a Zoom Room. So each session each day is an hour long. Some people are like, you know, how long are the sessions? Again, if you got questions, you'll find all your questions answered on the page. If you scroll down here Wednesday event, it's at two o'clock Central. noon Pacific three Eastern same time as this event right here for five days Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Okay, the recordings of this event are going to be taken down the week after on April 18. Okay, so you'll have a week, four or five days to watch the recordings for free. So I'm going to give you a good amount of time to even watch the recordings of this for free. If you upgrade to the VIP though, you get the recordings of those sessions all five days for life. You get the recordings of the backstage pass, you get to join me in the backstage pass to ask me questions. You get their seven pre trainings that I've already loaded up into the into the group into the Facebook group for this event. Let me just go find those here real quick for you. I've already loaded up seven pre trainings. Top strategies for for productivity and focus. How do you start stand out in your industry? The number one mindset shift the right way to start a coaching business how to find your niche. Okay. Is it five free trainings or seven? I think there might only be five in there, I'm not sure. Looks like there's only five anyways, they're really good. How do you serve your clients extremely well. How to stand out in a crowded market. All of these free trainings are included for free in there for you. Okay, so you're gonna get a ton of value for free from me without even making an investment.

[1395:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: With the VIP upgrade, you get the recordings, you get the bonus trainings, you get the five days of q&a with me. There's also actually it says five bonuses, there's seven bonuses that you get. You get the three hour launch your six figure group coaching offer training that I just did three, three weeks ago, one of the best trainings I did I spent three hours dialing in the science behind offer creation, how to price it, how to automate it, how to sell it, you get the recording so that you have the recordings to offer Launchpad 2022 is the live mastermind from our coaching program. This is our yearly mastermind. That is eight hours of sessions where we're masterminding helping people work through launching their offers. I'm telling you the unlocks that have come out of this. This is where people made money was in this event. Not only that, you get my sales ninja training on closing and persuasion, which came from my high level coaching program, the client growth accelerator. Well, I'm going to walk you through the skills that you need to sell more programs and to gain more paid clients. How do you have the confidence? How do I have the confidence to show up here and talk to you today, even when I don't even have something to offer? It's because I've learned about persuasion and closing and stalking offers that are irresistible for people. How many of you know that this $19 investment is going to be a game changer for you? How many of you aren't sure that's fine, if you're not sure. Even if you're not sure register for the free event. Join us for these five days together to work with me through the nuances of building your coaching business. We're going to base the questions all the sessions off of all the questions that come in during the event. And so it's tailor made and designed as a virtual mastermind between you and me to work together to build your coaching business. Another bonus training, you're gonna get my chat GPT prompts for sales letters bundle. This is an entire training. That's an entire training all about writing sales letters, which at JpT. You're gonna get my getting unstuck to take massive action training. If you found that you've had resistance, things coming up against you. You can't seem to break past those things. This mindset training is going to help you get unstuck. Okay, the fun and freedom new stress free approach to business training. How you can work just five hours a week and make eight figures. It's not about the the hustle, kill yourself mindset. I'm about what a stress free what is simple, what allows you to create the sustainable lifestyle that you and your family can loves. You can go on vacation so that you can have time to do the things you love. How do I have time to play video games, and build a business that made $600,000 last seven months that has massive results for our clients that were doing live events like this, I show you in that training. And you get the VIP mindset training. This is an exclusive mindset training specifically for you on how to break up with burnout, how to heal some of the things that are stopping you and holding you back. And how to work through what are the mindset limitations that every coach and mentor has. So you get all those bonus trainings, you get to keep for life, plus the five days plus the q&a for just $19 until midnight tomorrow. Okay. Then the price on that goes back up. Okay. So the question, you got to ask yourself as if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor? Why not start doing zoom events to grow your coaching business? Maybe you say I'm overwhelmed. I got the whole list of like, stuff the chat, GBT told me I'm just gonna read off the list for you. I mean, I don't have to pretend like I'm doing anything else. Here's what would disqualify you from this event. If you don't want to talk on events, and you don't want to do virtual events, obviously, right. If you refuse to invest time, or a little bit of money in your pay, Dad's not going to work. If you refuse to invest any sort of time commitment, and you're impatient, not going to work. And if you have an unwillingness to learn, and adapt and learn new things, none of this is going to work for you. Okay. But if you if you want to know how to do so without a huge budget, how to utilize the right time I talked about time commitment, it's not like all these hours, it just might take you a few months to start to see 20 to $40,000 Come in. We know our client, Duke, he hit 25. We've actually had a number of clients in the accelerator, though, in the last couple of months that have hit those results in 30 to 60 days. It's blowing my mind honestly, as like, we've done it, we've done what most people wish they could do in that industry with our coaching group. We are creating six figure incomes in less than 30 days. Like it blows my mind. I'm like, okay, when when the right pieces are put together with virtual events and paid ads. And you actually launch a promote an offer. Don't get stuck in the minutiae of all this. Don't get stuck writing your copy, don't get stuck creating your landing page, use the tools use chat GBT, maybe you say well, I got an old website on a different domain name and all that I don't want to use Squarespace, what I recommend is get a new domain name. Put Squarespace on there and just build your landing page. You can have it done in a week and ready to launch your ads. You can literally launch your ads in two weeks, following that process. Follow the process and we're going to teach you for five days together. In the virtual mastermind, okay. So if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, if you're a mentor, you want to know, how do we use AI to run our virtual events? How do we close sales? How are we making these kind of income claims, which by the way, they're not guaranteed at all. Like nine figures isn't guaranteed. Eight figures isn't guaranteed. Making $37,000 A month isn't guaranteed, but it is possible for you. Making 12k A month is possible for you 35k a month. And this is what a lot of people say before working with Jeremiah I was spinning my wheels. After the very first call, I was able to bring it all together and have focus and clarity. That's what you're gonna get from me on these five days. I'm gonna bottle up for you my 20 years of experience to give you exactly what's going to produce the results that you're looking for. The question you got to ask yourself is this What am I waiting for? Head on over to the page Register now for the free event. Just grab the VIP even if you just want it in your archives to save. Even if you just want it in your back pocket to save the training. It's going to be worth it for you. I'm excited to work with those that are going to join us. I'm excited to work with those that are committed to going to the next level with their coaching business. This. Thanks for being here. I'm so thankful that you're here today. We're about to go into our VIP now for this event. For this training, I'm going to answer your questions in the VIP. I'll be in there in about five to 10 minutes for everybody else, jump in the five day virtual mastermind, or jump into the event that we're doing on Tuesday. I haven't announced that yet officially, jump in on Tuesday. Grab this, there's another VIP for this one as well. Do I combine VIPs? I'll give you a refund on VIP. No, we don't do that. It's cheap enough that you can grab a ticket to each one I kind of I'm like, you know, does Disney charges you for a fast pass at Disneyland. It's kinda like Disneyland. You know, you got to pay for a fast pass over here. You got to pay for a fast pass over here. You got to pay for the $7 VIP for that event, you got to pay for the $7 VIP for that event. That helps us with our ad spent and it helps you take it seriously. Because you've invested a little bit there's a some skin in the game, okay. And so stay tuned with us. Keep following my trainings keep going through, go through the podcast episodes that I have. These podcast episodes are strategically designed to help coaches, trainers and mentors, get results in their business. I walk you through all the strategies, all the things that you need to know to get results in your business. We have great this is a great testimony real value such a good podcast. He gives real step by step actionable strategies. It's like free coaching. hidden gem in my opinion. I mean, this is the Podcast, the podcast itself is like its own free coaching program. Okay, it really is. It's like its own coaching program. I based the episodes off of what we're working with our high level coaching clients on. So plug into the podcast, plug into the content, you'll love it, I guarantee it. For everybody else, I'm gonna see you over at the VIP today. I'm gonna go head on over to the VIP here in just a sec. Make sure to register for the five day mastermind I can't wait to see you there.

[1555:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: We'll talk soon. Have a good one everybody. Bye

