CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-07-31T19:37:22.000Z
Duration: 126 min
Otter ID: 86B2p8iLzjXfkaM-QnsUKFhcD5k
---

[0:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's go. Let me turn this light on here real quick. I'm excited. Listen, if you're watching this on the recording, let me just go live here in the Facebook group here, this is going to be a more of an advanced level training. And so for those of you that are that are wanting some more advanced level stuff, this is for you see, mass level training today? Join us on Zoom. We're gonna go live in the group. All right. There we go. You alive in the Facebook group. All right. There we go. And we're recording. We're good. Some let everybody in here. As we're going live in the group, check, check, check one, two. All right. So today is our live training day here. And we're going to be talking about some more advanced topics. I went through and I scoured through the last three, four weeks of questions that have come in what's been posted in the group. And so we're going to be addressing a lot of the stuff that I think you guys have been wanting answers to, when it relates to the business management side of things, running your business, client retention, a number of stuff, I'm not going to give you like a laundry list of what we're talking about. Because I got it, I got it here that I'm going to go through for you. Just a few background things that I'm going to be sharing before we go into this one. Let's go share our screen here. We just finished up our, our training on the wealth mindset coaching course, this course is completed and so is the successful webinars and challenges course. So these are both completed in the members area, you can go through them. We've gotten rave reviews from people on wealth mindset coaching, a lot of people have said they were stuck. They they went through the training in the wealth mindset coaching course, they got unstuck, they got their funnel up, they got their business running like the next week. And so that was kind of my goal behind it is it's sort of that like, not a kick in the pants, but like a front end alignment that if you ever need to just kind of readjust what's going on in the gears in your head and you find yourself procrastinating or anything like that. The wealth mindset coaching course is what's going to give you that front end alignment. It's the culmination of everything that I've learned in personal development over the last two decades. And it's the first time that actually created a course around mindset. So I highly recommend that you do at least go through it once twice, maybe three or four times. Some of you are going to treat it even like a favorite audio book or you'll go through it. I kind of designed the course a little bit like an audio book, you can even if you'd like reading the transcripts are in there as well. And then the successful webinars and challenges course that's all about what do you say in your webinar challenge. Now we started this week to brand new courses because we do two at a time. And you know, there's no obligation to go through each course. This is just I'm providing more value more resources to you on top of these live trainings that we're doing. Next week, we will be doing our live q&a. And then the week after that we will also be doing a live training and a live copywriting call. We just started this past week Facebook ads basics for total newbies. So how does this compare to the Facebook ads for beginners course it sort of is like the beginner beginners version. I made that one last year. And we've gotten a lot of questions over the last year from people on Facebook ads. And so I'm simplifying it even more, just the basics of what you need to know if you've never ran a Facebook ad before you need a refresher. That's going to be the course that you're going to want to go through. And it'll be the simplest and easiest path to follow. I'm not going to make like we're not going to go into like topics that are really branching and advanced and crazy, that don't really impact your business overall, I'm just gonna give you the brass tacks of what you need to know to be able to create Facebook ads effectively. And to get them up and running quickly. That's kind of the goal behind that for you. And then sales copy mastery, which at GPT. So you might notice we have a course in here called copywriting mastery. And this one is all about using Jasper. I did this course a year ago, I taught the concepts of copywriting, but it was about using the software Jasper in December of 2020 to chat GPT popped on the scene. And it is now the superior AI tool to use for writing copy. And so this is sort of a 2.0 sales copywriting mastery course you don't have to go through this one right here. This one will be kind of a standalone and it's an updated version of what we had built last year about sales copy. It'll save you a lot of time and energy. The first lesson alone I think is going to help a lot of you when it comes to what do you say in your copy, we break down the six steps to six figures for your for your mentorship business. And the six steps are your niche. We find your niche, then we write our offer copy, and then we create our funnel. And so if you're at that copywriting stage, that's going to be a great one for you. Okay. Now we're going to take some questions after the training here. Again, if you got thoughts, questions, things like that, throughout the training that I'm delivering here today. Again, this is not pre recorded. I am live. Hello, everybody. Hey, Kim. Hey, Beth, Bill, Cheryl Craig, Dana, Dorothy Erica. We're on here live. Today, today's live today's training today is let me see if I can pull up my notes that I created, I spent a couple of hours this morning is really going over this for you. So let's go back to the basics here just a little bit, the goal of you being in a program like this is for you to start to create more sales in your business. If you if you have a mentorship, a coaching business, education, online courses, that industry, this program has all the tools, resources and support that you need to be able to create that kind of results in your business. What we have to do, though, is, and this is this is going to be challenging for some of you, for others of you, you're like, amen, you're going to be cheering me on, we have to have a mindset of a business owner of a CEO, we have to see ourselves as a CEO, as somebody who. And I've always done this, and my mom and I always have like, like, the same level of confidence and belief in our business as you would if you got hired by x, or by Twitter, or by Apple, or by Google or MailChimp or any of these companies, you know, we look at what are the top companies today, I want us to shift our perspective as business owners, not just okay, I'm this little, little old me person who wants to make a little bit of money online and shifted into a I am running a company, I am running a business and your company might just be a company of one, you might just be a solo entrepreneur. So you're the only employee in your business. Again, I'm not going to be talking about like tax structure or all of that. I do recommend as you start making money, make sure you get set up with the proper LLC and S corp so that you're not taxed like crazy. And if you're not the United States, I don't know much about how all that works in different countries. But you have to have a mindset of that of a CEO not just as a person who's trying to make money online. And I want you to like think about that. How does that feel to put that on to say, Okay, I'm the CEO of my business today. When we come to the table, when we have that belief, when we have that conviction, when we have that mindset, and what it does, it challenges us to get our, our ish in order. It challenges us to, to get our affairs in order, and to not be as lackadaisical or lazy or all over the place with what we're doing. Okay. In this program, I preach a strong message of self compassion, self acceptance, believing in yourself, giving yourself grace to mess up, fail, make a mess, make a mistake. The flip side of that, though, is we don't want to sit in that behavior and make that be our normal Mo. Does that make sense? And that's something that that that I if I can look back at all the mentors that I've had that they always instilled in me, the best mentors that I had, Jeremiah, it's okay that you failed. It's okay that you screwed up. It's, it's okay that you went to jail. Like, like, like literally having compassion, that it's okay to screw up massively. But what did we learn from it? And how can we do better next time? And how can we make sure that we rise up to the next level of where we're going, and that's what's called a growth mindset. I'm not going to be touching a lot on mindset here today. We have a number of trainings, again, the wealth mindset coaching training, we have the last couple of live trainings that we've done have been very much geared towards mindset, I want to graduate you to that next level for you. And that next level is this First off, you have to learn to tackle procrastination.

[155:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's one of those sneaky areas that we don't want to talk about a whole often. And sometimes we justify it. Sometimes we have reasons why it's okay. We have to tackle procrastination if we want to be successful. And this was an area that I really, really struggled with for the longest time and I have set out to make it to where it's no longer runs me to where it no longer affects me the way that it used to. i This happened when I had when I had my baby, when my baby was born, I realized it's very easy for me to procrastinate and to make reasons and excuses why today, I can't do the things that I need to do in my business. Very easy to do so. And when I had to decide is this, okay, if I had a job working for Mehta, by the way, I met a guy, he works for Intel, he works for Mehta the other day, if I had a job working for Apple, I would figure out how to make it work. I would figure out how to prioritize things so that I wasn't procrastinating. And if you ever worked a corporate job, you know, right, you got a boss who's possibly micromanaging you. If they're if they're a good boss, they don't do so very much. But if you find that you're constantly being micromanage it might be because your behavior requires it. That was a realization that I had to come to a year and a half ago, as I was tired of. I was consulting and working with different companies. And I noticed they kept all trying to micromanage me. And I wondered why this was, and I started blaming them as bad leaders, and people that didn't know what they were doing. And that I wouldn't have done the same thing if I was in their position. And I had to take personal responsibility and realize, what am I doing to contribute to this? And what kind of behaviors do I have? And ultimately, it was procrastination putting off to tomorrow? Well, we can take care of today. Now this can make you go a little bit crazy and cuckoo, especially if you're a little bit OCD, like I tend to be to where you're like, Okay, I'm gonna get everything done today, and I'm gonna beat myself up if I don't, let's not go there. Let's not get into that place where we're going to beat ourselves up over what we don't get done today. Perfectionism never served anybody. It never helped anybody. But when we can say, okay, how can I structure things to where I'm not procrastinating as often. And that was the shift for me, as I had to realize I had a major issue with procrastination. And what got me out of it was I gave myself the grace to just procrastinate a little bit less. Not that I had to do it all at once. Not that I had to quit the perfectionism or the OCD behavior or all of that all at once, but just tone it down 10% 15% And watch how it affected my life. And it started to move things forward. It started to change things in the last 12 months are all of our business ventures consulting and investments combined, brought in over a million dollars in business for us. That's incredible. Prior to that, when I was barely making 500 to $1,000 a month in my mentorship business, I was helping other people make eight figures in their businesses. But I couldn't seem to get myself to do the stuff that it actually took to be successful. Because I wasn't showing up like a CEO, I was still showing up like somebody's employee, I was still showing up as somebody who wasn't really all in committed to my business. And so that's what I want to challenge you to today, go all in with your business, make a decision that this business is going to pay you like a CEO, what's the average CEO salary? Well, it depends on what company you're in, you know, you could be in a company that pays CEO salaries of 500,000, a million dollars, or 30 to $50 million. Let's just say for the sake of the example quarter of a million to a million dollars a year, half a million profit. That's a really good CEO compensation right there. And your business will start to pay you those dividends, when you start to see yourself as that and you start showing up as a CEO. And so we have to first off challenge, if any of what I've just said in the last 510 minutes makes you feel uncomfortable. That's that's actually that's a good thing. Because it shows that maybe those are some areas to grow in and shows that maybe those are some areas to address what are some limiting beliefs that I have What's stopping me from doing this and what's preventing me from creating the kind of business that I want to create. And this is what I want to talk about as when we're running our business we have to treat it that way. When it comes down to our our memberships when it comes down to our our payments when it comes down to our sales when it comes down to our marketing when it comes down to multitasking serving people creating our offers creating our coaching packages, creating our courses. Right You're here in this program because you want to know what's the most effective path to create a mentorship business? What's the right levers to pull? And, to be honest, those levers change every three to six months. That's the crazy part about it is that you only really know what the right ones to pull are by being in the marketplace and actively putting offers out there. Just paper paper writing down your offers, and then changing it later and not launching, you know, procrastinating six 912 months, the market shifts the market changes. And so by learning and discovering what how do people actually react? How do they respond? That's how you know that you have everything dialed in. Here's some of the biggest mistakes that I see people make, though, in their business is that they're not treating their business, like they would if they were working for somebody else. You know, I want you to think about this, if somebody came to you, and demanded a cheaper price, from a from a from a company, let's say you work for Mehta, or Walmart or any of these companies. And they cried, and they gave you a sob story as to why they needed that cheaper price. And why like, you're such a bad person for not giving them that price. How would you respond to that person, most of us would would say, Okay. This is what our business charges. And if you can't afford it, go shop somewhere else. But what's funny is I noticed mentors and coaches, we end up not having that attitude, we end up having this thing where we're trying to manage maintain other people's feelings. We're trying to make sure that everybody's taken care of everybody's, you know, reserved at this. And of course, like people that are actually paying you as clients, we want to serve everybody. But not everybody who comes into your space into your offers is a good fit for you. And oftentimes the loudest, noisiest whiny is complainers. They never buy anything from you. They're just there to suck your time. And honestly, they're that they're that person who goes to the customer service counter at Target every single day trying to return the same thing that they bought. And finally, loss prevention has to come and tell them I'm sorry, ma'am, you can't shop here. And then that person gets upset and and then the police have to show up and take the person out the door. This happens on a daily basis, by the way at Target, you have if you if you go to a store like Target, you'll see it people crying at the return counter because you know, they're not going to take back their returns. And yet we for some reason, get all emotional about it in our businesses. And we act like we have to coddle and lower ourselves down to the level of what other people demand of us. That's not how you run a business. This is a boundaries issue. And when it comes to pricing in your business, pricing has more to do with your level of self esteem, self belief and boundaries than it does anything else. Because what it is, is you're saying that if somebody spends $1,000 with you, they can have access to join you in your program. And if they don't show up with that level of finances, then they don't get access to you. No emotion attached to it. No, feeling sorry for turning somebody away attached to it. Do you see what I'm saying? Do you see like the shift in mindset here. And I listen, I understand. We want to have empathy for people, we want to have compassion and kindness and, and charity and take the profits in your business and use that to give to people in need. But don't pull from the profits of your business. Just because somebody is whining and complaining and telling you that you charge too much. Just because somebody is whining and complaining and saying that you devastated them because you're too expensive. I got a letter from a lady two weeks ago. The exact words of her letter were say, Jeremiah, you have destroyed me. I only have $1,000 And I can't join your program. I would I would hope that a man of your integrity would make this right and lower your price. And I just ignored her email. Actually, I told my customer service I said right back to her, tell her the price is this price. And we'd love to have her join at that price and nothing don't don't go into anything else with her. But like she was demanding that I justify my integrity by making an exception for her in my company's profit margins. And what's what's funny is it it challenged me it actually

[316:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: it actually emotionally affected me I had some anxiety for about a day around it. That that this person felt that I had a lapse of integrity that I was no longer somebody that she could try Lost or rely on. Because I wasn't willing to submit to her version of how she thought things should go. And then I had to remind myself, Jeremiah, you're a business owner, with the CEO of target with the CEO of Mehta with the CEO of, of Google. laying on the couch with anxiety over feeling that somebody was wronged, because of the price that I charge everybody in our business? No, they wouldn't. And what that challenged me to do is to rise up to rise above and to actually see myself as I really am as a business owner, as a CEO. And listen, I'm not here today. Claiming that I have all of this figured out. I'm not here today claiming that I have that I'm perfect in this area. Obviously, I told you like two weeks ago, it actually it bothered me for a couple for a couple hours it did. That's human right, I have, I have a lot of empathy for people, I think, sometimes I have a little bit too much. And I have to dial it down a little bit, when it comes to actually creating my business when it comes to actually building my business. And so what you have to do is you have to treat your business, the way that a professional would, if somebody shows up, they're late on their payments, send an email, tell them that they're late on their payments. Oh, I'm gonna come up with it, I'm going to come up with it. So do you give them access for free? Until they come up with their payment? Or do you remove them from what they're not paying for? Well, what would a CEO do to be responsible to his employees, his staff, his shareholders, and you might say, well, I don't have employees, staff or shareholders, it's just little me. And I think that's where we struggle, we're worried so much about managing and maintaining our reputation in the marketplace. Listen, when your reputation is that anybody can manipulate you with their sob story. That's not a reputation that you want to have. That's not that is a reputation that that people will share with other people. And they will walk all over you. And that will be the expected level of you to show up in your business is that if people whine, bitch, and moan, that they can take advantage of you, that they can push you around that they can bully you. And I want to have some empathy for that, you know? Why is it that I when when somebody starts acting that way, and listen, that's just one example. I have numerous examples. You know, I had a guy tell me that I was a, I was a crook, because I wouldn't direct message him every single day about his business. That's his opinion. That bothered me when he accused me of that, that completely bothered me. But I had to grow and challenge why is that was because growing up one of the biggest fears I had was people bullying me and pushing me around. And I was terrified of that. And I love my mom and, and dad, they they would always come in and try to rescue me. Anytime people would push me around, I never really learned how to have thick skin until I got into the real world, quote, unquote, I was homeschooled. I was protected. I was in a bubble, where I didn't experience the pain of how real people actually act. And so because of that, I've had to learn, you know what, not everybody is worth putting your emotions into trying to figure them out and trying to quote unquote, serve them at the level that they demand. Just because somebody demands that you show up at a certain level doesn't mean that you need to I look at this from a dating perspective. You know, if a if a man or a woman by the way, this goes both ways, this isn't gender exclusive at all. And if you think it is gender exclusive, I would I would challenge you that that's not how the world today works. Maybe it did years ago. If a man or a woman starts threatening you because you don't give up sexual favors to them on the first or second or third or even after dating. And it's not gender specific. Trust me there are there are women that will do this to men as well. In that situation, some people would feel pressured to have to submit to what that other person has said to do to feel safety, to feel okay to feel secure, to feel safe. And that's a parallel I believe that how we react in business is that when when somebody shows up with enough anger, with enough manipulation, with enough, saying the right things, we end up opening up our boundaries and giving up the most valuable part of ourselves. Again, that's a conversation I don't want to get into. I'm not saying that sex is the most valuable part of a person. So don't misinterpret me and create some weird narrative off of what I just said. When we give up the value that we offer in business, simply because somebody was allowed squeaky wheel, it shows that we have a lack of respect for ourselves, and that people can read that all over us. And they take advantage. And so what I want to challenge you is this is that in your business, your pricing. First off, take a look at what the top level of the marketplace is charging, not the bottom level the marketplace. If you look at the bottom level of the marketplace, you will always find people undervaluing themselves and charging way too little. And you're gonna say, Well, that's what my competitors are charging don't do not do that. They are struggling, they are broke, they are not happy with their life, okay. And they're usually the ones that got the most opinions, don't be the cheapest option out there at all. In the coaching industry, we actually did a poll of this, in the it was called the Kajabi heroes group. So I was able to join this group, it's for people that have made over $100,000, with Kajabi or more. And we had made over a million dollars with Rick Pino using Kajabi. So I was in this private group. And in that group of people that were making over $100,000 or more we, we actually, there's a poll in that group of what is the average rate for mentorship programs. And the average rate that came up in that group of $100,000 earners was eight to $14,000. And yet, there's some of you here in this group that feel like you're, you're you're charging too much by charging 97. You need to challenge that, you need to challenge that thinking, realize that, sure. 97 bucks might be what the broke joke, Joe Schmo blow whatever mentors and coaches are charging, but they're not making any money. They don't have a profitable business. The ones who are actually profitable are charging eight to $14,000 for their coaching. And then many of them have an entry level, lower ticket offering, that they charge 500 to $3,000. For this is why we say if you're not charging at least $500 for your offer, minimum, you're you're devaluing yourself, you're costing your company money, you won't be able to have a profit margin, you won't like this is not just me being a prophet of doom here. This is from actual proven data, of testing and research is that there's a cost to doing business, especially if you want to grow, especially if you want to get paid, like that CEO that makes a quarter of a million, half a million, a million dollars in your business. And so you have to charge accordingly to what the marketplace is willing to pay. Now, here's the thing, generalists. When you're general, when you're when you're super, you're casting a wide net,

[461:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: your value is very much diminished. The more specific you get with your offer of a problem that you solve, the more you can charge because people are willing to make an investment in the specificity of what you are creating. So if you have an offer, and maybe you're trying to define your niche, and you're trying to understand okay, what am I creating this offer around what am I what am I building my business around? What is the topic that I'm creating? And you got like five to 10 different tranches of things that you're that you're doing and, and all these different stuff, and you're and you're selling a wide smorgasbord of, of stuff that you're helping people when and you say, well, the people who come to me have all these different problems. They have all these different issues. Yes, absolutely. If you put yourself out there as the Swiss Army knife of mentoring, of course, they will have all these different problems, and all these different issues and all these different things that have come up but you're not able to actually charge very much for being a wide range. generalists. So you want to look at and identify the pattern, and most of business is just pattern recognition. If there's one skill set that I love for you to develop, it's identifying patterns in everything. patterns in your advertising patterns in the marketplace. And I'm not talking about like, you know, a pattern on on clothing or like, like this photo of me, I have a striped pattern on my shirt, I'm not talking about that. A pattern is if you see data points popping up more often. That's a pattern, we've had a pattern in this group over the last three to six months, where people are asking a lot about pricing and their business. So I'm talking more about pricing. We're having more people asking questions about how do you manage a team? How do you hire? How do you outsource we're going to be creating, after the Facebook ads basics course, after the sales copy mastery course, we're going to be doing a course all about hiring staff. It's an entire course, all about building a team, managing your team, how to do that, I understand not all of you are at the stage to do that. But we've had enough requests, there's a pattern in this group of people asking for that. So I'm identifying that pattern. And that's what I'm bringing into the conversation, identify patterns of the leads that we generate the questions that people are asking, and specifically, what is the pattern of people that pay money and actually end up investing financially into our programs. When you identify that pattern, have, you got this wide range of people over here, but there's a pattern of people that are spending more money and they're like the 8020, you ever heard that the 8020 rule, the 8020 rule 80% of your sales coming from 20% of your audience. In that sense, a responsible business owner and CEO is going to do a culling where they're going to eliminate the 80% that that is not producing that 80% of profit. And they're going to focus on that 20% only. And becoming okay with neglecting and no longer serving the group of people that is not generating the profit margins in their business. I talked about this a lot in our in our, our free training, that what brings the cost of your advertising down, it's getting very split is getting more specific to the group of people that are most likely to be a buyer of yours. And to get results. There may be a whole segment of people that could absolutely benefit from what you do. But if they're not generating 80 to 90% of your sales, it's a complete waste of time to continuously put energy and effort into trying to serve that group of people that is that is ultimately not a good fit for what you're doing. And being willing to segment down to otherwise known as define and niche down to the specific group of people that will purchase from you and get the most results. And so I share my my story. When I started this business. Where's my marker, we moved everything around here and I don't know where it all is. We've had walkthroughs and all kinds of stuff here. We're getting this place rented out

[545:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: when I started in this business, this was my wide range of people. Anyone on online, and I was gonna teach them Facebook ads. And Squarespace. Which by the way, I still teach Facebook ads in Squarespace that this actually hasn't changed much at all. But I was trying to market and target to everybody who could possibly benefit from Facebook ads and Squarespace. Here's what I identified a pattern of this whole segment of the market a lot of questions, a lot of comments, a lot of engagement, loved my teachings, loved my videos loved Oh I just love you Jeremiah, you're amazing, such great content, but they weren't buying from me $0 over here and this group of people was making an investment with me consistently. This group of people was mentors, trainers, thought leaders, authors and coaches. So what I had to identify was there's a whole segment of the market that while they love me while my training and if you go if you go through they're still in the members area website building made easy. It's like it's all about it's it's literally the most comprehensive Squarespace course I think that like, as was ever created. That was my mission. I tried to create the most in depth Squarespace course on the planet that could that that would work for literally everybody. My Facebook ad the social media ads, that work course, it was about social media ads for literally everybody. My irresistible offers course, it wasn't it was about creating offers for literally every online industry. So those are my first three courses that I did, I was trying to serve all these people. But none of these people, by the way, they kept scheduling discovery calls with me, I did 300 discovery calls with people that didn't spend a dime with me. And none of them were in this niche of coaches or mentors. So if all of my energy and time 80% of my time is going towards people that weren't spending money with me. Why was I doing that? Well, the only reason I was doing that was honestly because I felt like I needed to serve this group of people. And I had to get real with the fact that first off as a business owner, just serving a group of people because they need you is not a model for success. It's not a model for actually having a profit margin whatsoever. And so I pivoted to just mentors, trainers, and I looked back like I had this revelation, I was just, I was probably playing a video game. And I was like, Oh, this is hilarious. No wonder. All the businesses I've ever worked with. In the last two decades, they were all mentors, trainers, authors, speakers, thought leaders. They weren't anybody in this industry out here. Like, like, literally, my life, it was like this light bulb went off my life has led up to a pattern of I've worked exclusively. All of the success in my life and business came from that group of people. All of the frustration in my life came for this group of people. Here's an advanced thing I'm going to share with you I know what I realized, while I was trying to work with this group of people, that was frustrating me, because I was trying to replay I believe a lot of what was going on in my in my childhood and my family of origin. And I was trying to resolve trauma, by working with people that frustrated me on a regular basis by trying to make them see the light and see the value that I had. Because I felt like nobody in my life saw my value. Nobody in my life saw my worth. And so I was focused so much on people that were not a good fit in my business, when ultimately I just needed to go to therapy. And I had to work on what was going on between my two years. And I had to resolve the fact that I was I was literally trying to solve a lot of really deep seated stuff I'm telling you, it goes back to when I was like eight years old. And kids at church told me that I could not play with them. Because I was too fat and had glasses. Like we found that in therapy had to do with why I was working so hard to try to validate myself to a group of people that had no interest in me. Do you see the parallels in those two? If you don't, that's okay. Don't worry about that. Those that understand how therapy and all that works. Like you can literally see the parallels of okay, I had this unresolved trauma from childhood that kept replaying and then I was literally trying to recreate it in my own business and making no money and punishing myself for it every single day to try to serve a group of people that was never going to make an investment with me. When there was this whole group of people that was constantly like, loving everything that I was doing, appreciating everything that I was doing, always buying what I was selling, and I was I was like no I want to I want to serve this group of people. I have such a wide range of people that I can help and that took a decision to make my business profit important to shift this you ever heard the phrase just give value don't worry about making a profit and the money will come I'm telling you this I tried that didn't work. was given value to everybody barely making a profit until I made business profit a priority. My level of serving people didn't decrease. But I got more focused on who I serve. And I focused on those that were getting the most results. And we're willing to make an investment with me. And so that's what you want to identify in your niche. What is that group of people? And you might not know that right now, this is where part of our market research, when we run our virtual events, when we do our webinars, when we do our challenges, is the feedback loop generating the feedback loop from people where they're able to tell us, okay, what is the specific area that they're struggling with? What would they like to learn and then what you're going to do is you want to identify patterns in those responses. Like you actually want to get actual feedback from people. When you run webinars and challenges and free events, and your offers, you want to actually get feedback. I used to think that it was wrong to get feedback from people that it was that it was pricing that I was prying too much into people's private business. Why is that? Because that's what I was taught for years. Don't ask too many questions. Don't pry. And I had to realize that actually, what what helped our business grow is by creating a mechanism where people tell us, what are they struggling with? What are their goals, and you create that feedback loop. And then you identify patterns in that. Now we have artificial intelligence that helps us do that. So we're able to take a list of responses that people give us and identify very specific strategic patterns of how to help people based off of the very words that they've written not what they're saying, but what they wrote, or what they're saying, if you do a q&a, if you do a VIP q&a. And then we're able to create offers that serve people exactly directly laser focused in on what they've told us that they need help with. Okay. And so then what you'll do is you'll identify what is that pattern? That 8020 pattern? What is that pattern that is leveraged because you want to leverage this? What does the term leverage mean? I don't, I'm not going to assume everybody knows what leverage means. I know that some people do some don't. So I'm just gonna share what it is. I don't at all mean this to make anybody feel stupid. You know, that's never my intention at all. Leverage is like when I go and buy a house, and I'm able to put 5% down on a house or even 3.5% with an FHA loan, I'm leveraging 5% of my cash out a 20 times 20 times leverage to purchase a home. Okay, so if you put down $50,000 on a house, by the way, most people don't realize that you only need about $50,000 to buy a million dollar home. Well, okay, jumbo loans and all that, let's, I'm not gonna break down all the numbers. I know, some of y'all are in real estate, you know that that's not true, but maybe closer to like 100 100,000 or something like that.

[697:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's leverage, okay. In business, you need to have leverage. And the way that we create leverage in our business, is by identifying very specifically what is that group of people that produces the most results with the least amount of input. One of the other sneaky things that ends up happening for business owners is that we feel like, there's this underlying belief, the more I work, the more results I'll get, or the more results I deserve. And if I just do all the things that I should do, then I deserve the results. I'm here to tell you that that's not true. You could literally do all the things that you should do in your business and make $0. That's the crazy part of our business. When we learned to accept that, and let's not get too like super logical here. It's all the things that you think you should do according to the actual information that you currently have. Ultimately, if you were doing what you should do, you'd be making money but most of us don't. We have no idea what that should do is and because the marketplace is actively moving all the time, it's actively evolving. There's volatility in the marketplace. It goes up and down. People respond differently today than they do on Friday than they do next Saturday. than they do with a with a political cycle than they do when they hear about war, famine, pestilence, all of this changes people's reactions and responses. That's what living on planet Earth is. It's not black and white. And so when we understand that we can come to the table with at least as much as much, as we know, does work. And we're able to leverage our activities to make up for the outliers that are unpredictable. This is why just mathematically and logically, if you're trying to serve everybody in your marketplace, you often won't make very much money, because there's no leverage behind that. And because the outliers of what's going on in the marketplace are so vast, that we end up missing the ball every single time when we focus more in on, who can we get results for? And who is going to produce the most amount of cash flow in our business, the type of person we understand what are their pain points? What are they struggling with? What are their objections to working with us? This all is in the you know, what keeps them up at night? I think about this all the time. Mentors, trainers, authors, thought leaders, let's say you're in real estate flipping real estate, what keeps a real estate flipper up at night? What are they angry and pissed off about? Well, probably interest rates? What are they afraid of? losing money on a deal? You know, what are their top three frustrations that it takes way too long to accomplish their goals? What do they secretly and ardently desire that they won't tell other people about? That's a key one, when you can identify what are the secret desires that people actually have that they don't talk about? Because everybody has stuff that they won't talk about, but that it's underneath the surface? And as you start to get to know your marketplace? You'll start to discover those? What is the built in bias in your industry? And how does that look at like, engineers are way more analytical than, say, musicians, right? Musicians might be more analytical to a sound of something versus or the appearance of something versus the actual numbers of it? Do they have their own language and way of talking? This one's key? This is why having the feedback loop is so important. Because you're able to identify what are the actual words that your target customer uses? How do they talk? How do they communicate? How do they connect with their friends and family? Is it different than how you talk? You know, one of the biggest areas, I've seen that a lot of people make a mistake, they say, Jeremiah, I'm writing copy, I have such a great message. But I just can't bring myself to talking that way. Because it just doesn't sound like me. It's not supposed to sound like you, it's supposed to sound like your clients. It's supposed to sound like the inner dialogue in their head. It's not your your sales copy is not ever supposed to sound like you. Period. It's supposed to sound like the people that you're trying to reach. Who else is selling similar products to them, this is a huge one. If you're not looking at other people in the marketplace that are selling similarly in your niche, and what marketing they're using, and what offers they're using, and how they're serving their clients and what systems they're using, you're completely missing it when it comes to market research. And who else is trying to sell something similar, this one is a little more advanced, but who else has tried to sell something similar, but their efforts has have failed. That's where you can identify a blue ocean area where you can serve a marketplace in an area that's been underserved, under utilized. And, and really go in and help a group of people that need help. Because most people haven't done a good job of that. You know, Cheryl, her group of people is women over 50 years old. And I really feel like that's a group of people that's underserved and underutilized in the in the, in the space that she's in. Because there's not a lot of people that really do serve specifically, the 50 to 55 range of people on the technology of doing business. It's just, it's just not a common thing. And I think that if that is your niche, niching down into that you could actually make a lot of money in that. But you'll have to focus on like, that's the group of people that you're going to help with. Not the younger group of people, for instance, that's just that's just an example of that. Okay. So when we look at our niche and identifying that we're looking at, understanding what are the needs and desires of the people that we connect with and listen, not everybody is going to be happy now. Not every day is going to be sunshine and rainbows. You're gonna get outliers, less than one to 5% of people are going to be negative. They woke up on the wrong side of bed. Especially if you're dealing with mindset issues, you're gonna have Have a lot of negativity that you might have to work through. Don't let that derail you don't take it personally, this is why you got to have the fortitude, the inner fortitude yourself to feel confident when people show up and hurl stones at you. And this is the final challenge that I'm going to give you. It's very difficult to create a successful business when we don't believe in ourselves. Or we're just trying to get validation from what other people say about us. Because one negative person can completely derail our self image that can completely derail our day, our life. And by the way, I understand some of you might even have somebody in your own home that's doing that it could be your spouse, could be your kids, could be your aunt or uncle or parent, could be somebody at a job that you're working at, could be clients, connect can definitely be clients, we got to get to the place where we don't allow stuff outside of us to dictate our actions in our business. Period. Everybody always tries to add a footnote to that, yeah, but resolve however, that looks inside of you, we have to get to the place where if somebody is nasty at you, demands that you submit to their requests, gets angry and even violent that you would not waver simply because of that, and you're not going to do things to try to avoid experiencing those situations. That's another that's another level of growth, to get to, you know, I was I was doing a one on one coaching. And, and I felt really sad for this person I was talking to and they said, You know, I can't sell my business because I'm afraid of people hurting me and attacking me and coming after me. And I know that once I put myself out there, I'm gonna have that happen. And I said, Yeah, I said, so you got a choice to make. Part of the, the paying your dues in the mentorship businesses, you're gonna have people getting nasty with you, there's this, you can never do enough good to prevent that from happening. You can never be right enough to prevent people from having a bad day, and just vomiting their negativity all over you. It's your choice, whether you let it affect you or not. And that's an area of our own personal growth and personal development that A, we can actually put ourselves out there in business. See, I used to think that, okay, let me just prevent those situations from happening. Ultimately, that was me letting other people dictate the level of growth that I could do in my business, we have to grow to a level to where we're able to put ourselves out there, even in the face of others negativity, and we don't shy away. And we don't let other people tear us down with what they're feeling in their life and their day, and where we stand confident and what we believe and what we know, is true about ourselves. And know there's a little bit more to that, I know that that's that's definitely might go into more of a healing from trauma and therapy, especially if you've been around abusive people. You don't want to put yourself into situations with abusive people, I get that.

[858:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: But they will show up, they do show up. And so how we handle that as is that we don't, we're not surprised. First off, and we don't we don't feel the need to give somebody's negativity, a foothold and a stronghold to control us in our lives. Because we believe in ourselves and we have confidence that a we're on the right path that I'm not going to let somebody else tell me how to run my business. Because I know that I know that I know that what I'm doing is is headed in the right direction, that at serving people that we're helping people and that if one person's negativity can get me derailed. That's an area for me to grow. And that's an area for me to talk with my therapist through it's an area for me to to gain some thicker skin in that area. And when we can do that, and we start to gain thicker skin in other areas of our life. One way we can do this is we stop trying to justify everything that we're doing to other people. This was a huge revelation that I had this week. Because I realized that a lot of my anxiety came from feeling the need to justify to other people everything that I did, I had this belief it was this it was this thing it was the statement that now I completely reject. But I had come in Over the years of, well, if you can't stand up for what you believe, and you can't explain it, then you have no backbone or integrity, I had somebody, I had some people, over the years beat that into me that if I can't justify 100% of every single thing that I do, and explain it with the level of accuracy of a college professor, that I have no integrity. And I had to realize that that just simply was not true. And I know some of you might have been taught that as well in your life, that you have to always explain yourself, always justify every single action that you do. Always prove yourself to everybody. I want you to challenge what if you didn't? What if you actually didn't have to explain yourself to everybody? And what if you just did the things that you know, would work in your business, regardless of what other people think? And then look at what is stopping you from doing that, for me, I was trying to avoid conflict with people, I was constantly trying to create situations where I would not get into conflict with others. I was massively conflict averse. It's not that I was trying to stir up conflict. But I was really trying to make sure that everybody was pleased and happy all the time. And at the end of the day, that just simply wasn't serving me that wasn't serving me and my business. And one of the best things that I've learned to say with people is this is a if I disagree with something or they say something, I just say I disagree be, I don't have to respond to every single thing that people ask me or demand a response to, and see, start to feel confident in what I know, the truth is inside of me the truth about what I know how to do in business, the truth about our processes, the truth about the methodologies that we do, and not let somebody else outside of my life that I have no relationship with, by the way, these are not people that I have a connection with, that I have no connection with to dictate what I can and can't do, and let them dictate my identity or my integrity. Unfortunately, this was something that I struggled with for years, as I would constantly have somebody thought that my integrity was in question. Now they were true. And this was something that was taught to me growing up for years. Is that is that other people's opinions of you, if even one person has a negative opinion of you, now their opinion is the truth. And I know for a fact that that's a lie today. But underlying that there was still some of that going on inside of me. And I had to challenge that and I had to really work inside of me through okay, is this serving me is this serving my business as the CEO in my business today? If somebody sends me a nasty message and says that I have no integrity, am I now going to shut my business down and stop doing the very things that I know work simply because one person disagrees with how I do things? In the past, I would have, but when I look at my life, and I look at my business, from the perspective of a professional, as a CEO, how I would, would treat it if I was working for somebody else. If this was a company that had employees and shareholders and all of that. It almost seems silly to spend that much energy worrying about one negative person out there and what they think. And that's what I had to come to the realization with is that I don't even need to figure out what they're going through. I don't need to figure out what why they're being that way. I need to focus on Where am I headed? What's the vision for our company? What's the vision for our business? How can I help serve the clients that are in my client growth accelerator? By the way, all this negativity that I get? None of them are in the accelerator here. They're all prospects in my webinars. I had to get to the place where I said, Okay, how can I best focus on serving those that love me and appreciate me and are here and are and are cheering me on instead of focusing on the 1%? That's negative, that's that's trying to get my attention. That's trying to derail me that's trying to get me off track from my calling. That's trying to get me off track from where I know that I'm supposed to go from where I know that I was meant to be simply because they have a negative opinion. And that was that was a powerful realization is that it's not rude. It's not mean to just say, You know what, that person doesn't get my they don't get my ear today. They don't get my energy today. They don't get my focus. I'm no longer willing to put my energy in the direction of things that are not serving my life, my business, my family, and the vision that I have for my future. And I think that's one of the biggest things if you have a value. If I could say, as one of my values, I think values help us define what we do. One of my values is this if it's not serving the vision for my life and my family. It has no place in my energy today. Now, Am I perfect all the time at this? Absolutely not. Am I getting way better at it every single day? Absolutely. And that's what is started to pay us the kind of money that we make in our business. And I know that if you do the same, it will do so for you as well. All right. So that was that was today's training here. today. I'm excited. I want to take some questions here. I want to help you. Listen, I know I challenge some of you, I said some things that are probably they might even be offensive to you. And that's okay. I am willing to talk it out if that's the case. Because I really feel firmly confident in what I talked about here today. So raise your hand if you got some questions. If you have anything to talk about if you have anything that we want to go through. I'm Kim, what's up, Kim?

[973:00] Speaker 1: Hello,

[973:16] Speaker 2: it's been a while. But hey, I'm I'm very excited. Because after after joining you in October, it took me till February to get the guts to do anything. And since then it's really been like up and down until my last launch. It was like twice as many sale ads were amazing. Like $2. I'm like, holy crap. It's working. Yeah. That like four to six months, that's when things start to click. And I'm like, oh my god, I'm actually in the zone.

[982:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And hopefully that encourages everybody else who's on here.

[982:58] Speaker 2: Yeah, that's why I'm saying it like, just stick with it do not quit, like I was having to sales, three sales, one sale. And now I had seven sales. And I'm like, now, my program is 997. Awesome. So

[987:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll get 20 sales and then 30.

[987:46] Speaker 2: Exactly. Well, I'm already thinking ahead, like what do I do when things get more, you know, busy? And my question is, because I know I'm with you about like, I'm not gonna throw value at people that aren't going to do anything with it. But I'm running into scheduling issues. Like I'm I have people in Canada and UK and Australia. I'm most likely I'd say that's where I'm reaching now. But I have a couple clients in Canada, and they're like, these people have paid me. So I've tried to I have my classes are like once a week for eight weeks, I've got an evening class. And then I've added an additional, like Class B Tuesday afternoon for some people. But like if I'm doing this every month, and I'm adding a whole nother you know,

[1000:00] Speaker 1: class,

[1000:19] Speaker 2: I don't know, I'm just feel like I've got too many classes that it's eventually that's going to burn me out, because most of the rest of my time is spent getting ready for the next launch.

[1002:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. So that's where once you get things dialed in, we start to pull back and make yourself a little bit more exclusive. Okay, that makes sense.

[1005:32] Speaker 2: So just said like, Look, you pay for the program, its recordings are in person, make it if you can, and if not, you're still getting just getting

[1007:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: 100%. That's how, that's how we do this program. Yeah, here. That's how we, that's how my mom does her programs, you'll especially if they're like they paid for the program, now you're trying to serve these different time zones and stuff like that, that'll make you go unless you hire another coach to work under you, that'll that'll, that'll burn you out real quick for sure.

[1012:23] Speaker 2: I'm already burned out.

[1012:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, let's not get burnt out. We don't need to

[1013:20] Speaker 2: do. I don't want to do this, I don't want to

[1014:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: might lose one or two people because of that. But in the end, you're gonna gain more by setting those boundaries, setting those expectations. And, and really prioritizing, this is where you prioritize yourself at that point. Because you're able to now show up as a better leader and coach by doing that.

[1019:43] Speaker 2: And I was considering offering like, look, that's really much of a struggle, then I'll pick like one or two Saturdays in the whole eight weeks, we'll we'll get together and do VIP, or not VIP because everybody's paid but like, well, they basically I'll do an afternoon and the weekend, make it or don't. But that would be for people who need that one one on one time or that FaceTime.

[1025:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right, yeah, exactly. And tell them maybe yeah, like once a month, you might do it at like a separate time. And you can do that. I think that's good. I think, you know, I had a conversation, there's this, this just depends on I think you have, there's like personal conviction on this. If you don't have other things you're doing outside and you want to like give extra time and your group and stuff like that. Go ahead and do that. Just realize, like, you know, a you're you are, you're bringing more value to the existing group by doing that, but it does, it'll stretch you thin at some point. And the only way that I've seen people do that effectively long term is they end up having like other coaches that work with them, and they serve in the off hours.

[1037:07] Speaker 2: So, and I'm not there yet.

[1037:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. So but you'll you'll get there.

[1038:46] Speaker 2: Okay. Yeah. All right. I think that was it for now.

[1039:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cool. Yeah. And And there's a great book on this topic. So this is what it this is what gave me I love any book by Dan Kennedy on just I love Ultimate Sales Letter is amazing. But he has a book called no BS time management. For entrepreneurs the alternative Jon's like you probably has advised him right? It's a great book I've read it like three or four times, it's all about that is like how you gotta just like to manage your time. It's like you don't you can't let really time management is not letting people walk all over you. And that you're the one that gets to define. Okay, when do I show up? How do I show up? And people have to sort of fit inside of that, instead of trying to accommodate so much, especially as you start growing. In the beginning, maybe we need to be accommodating to get some data. But then there's a shift that happens where it's like, okay, we're growing. This is what I ended up, you know, I and I ended up I think I pissed off two people by doing this. But I offered unlimited direct message coaching for free for three years, I was literally letting anybody Direct Message me for free and get coaching from me. And I no longer did that. And I got messages from people telling me I was just the worst person in the world by having that boundary. But I had to decide, like for my time management, no more direct message coaching from people. And by the way, none of these people were actually paid clients either that I was helping, but it was how I got a lot of data in the beginning, as I did open my doors to everybody. I did sort of open my boundaries. And so it was just like, you know, I'll be here for you here, here for there. And then I started to really start to tighten things up, as our business started to be profitable in the last year. Yeah, um, well, I'm

[1069:34] Speaker 2: gonna go buy that book right now. And I do

[1070:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to oops, I muted you by accident. That was a total accident.

[1071:58] Speaker 2: Okay, I promise I'll be quick. I just wanted to offer like another something that I think made a really big difference in my launches, is the fact that I've done five already. And what what John Lin with our ads did is we took an email, the email address of everybody who gave me money, and we made an audience that look just like that. And that's how that this this launch came out of that. And it was amazing. So like, You got to stick with it. You got to keep doing it and get those. Get those the right context.

[1080:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Your local like, audience, what's your look like, as a people? How many people were in that audience?

[1081:58] Speaker 2: Um, oh, I have a I have a little over 1000 right now.

[1083:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. We're giving you money for what's that? What did they give you money for?

[1084:44] Speaker 2: Eight weeks of coaching to how to flip a house. And then you get a one year free access to my membership of just for you? No,

[1087:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: we didn't want to I was in people do that.

[1088:35] Speaker 2: Oh, no, no, I had I had I have. Okay, so when you say your art my audience, you mean how many people showed up in this last launch?

[1090:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: What are you said you created an audience of people that gave you money?

[1091:49] Speaker 2: Oh, well, I Well, Jelena told me to give her the all the contacts that have given me money. So I think it actually was like under 20. At that

[1094:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: time, I gotcha. Yeah. If it's under, if it's under 20? I'm not sure. I would love to see how that set up in the ads manager. I might have her show.

[1097:24] Speaker 2: Wait a second. Okay. I'm trying to think because I also included the people that were in VIP, and I was averaging about 20 people each launch and VIP but then I was averaging three people in the pay make

[1100:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: sense? Yeah. So you put all those together and all of them together? Yeah, you need at least 100 to create an audience. But that's great. Yeah, um, I found the audience gets the best one. There's, like 1000 people. So that's what I talk about, I use the I have like 2000 people that have checked out the accelerator. Um, based on what you just said, though, I might start using those that actually are in the accelerator as part of my audience. I'm gonna test that out. I know it was different a couple of months ago, where it was like, if it was only 100 people, it wouldn't be as accurate. But from what you're saying that might have changed in the last couple of months. So that's awesome. That's great. The idea is, so that the algorithm on Facebook where you're able to create an audience of people based off of the actions they take, and it's going to show your ad to more qualified people that way, and that's how you're able to get more sales. Absolutely.

[1114:01] Speaker 2: Yes. Thanks.

[1114:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very cool. All right, Dorothy.

[1117:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, Dorothy,

[1117:53] Speaker 3: hi. Hi. I'll just get the video on how are you? I'm good. I'm good. Yeah, just approached the shop. In loads of listening to you all I did in the supermarket, it was just so yeah, it's just really to talk about on about sort these discovery calls. And I think that I'm kind of in the space that you're talking about where you've got to really just get data and find out where people are at. So I was thinking to just really start off with, you know, doing these free sessions during the discovery course, sticking with what I've got in terms of my offer, which is nine, seven for the membership, and then 997 for the actual program. So and then I'm going to do the 60 days free for the membership, if they sign up for the program, and not actually advertise that they could potentially get the membership for free. Well, they could potentially get the membership on its own. But not advertise that. But then if people come to me and say, Well, I'd like to do the membership, but not the program, is that possible, to maybe still offer that to a few girls? But anyway, so really, just my question is, you know, any sort of tips on as I'm going into these discovery calls, because what you're talking about is so essential, to not kind of be wavering on the price, you know, people start to try and get you down. But you know, just when I'm going into these discovery calls, and how I'm approaching that, and then also talking through the sales page, and also doing that in a presentation as well.

[1145:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So let me let me just give a little bit background for everybody on here. We've been talking about for you doing webinars and events, people that register a we had I had suggested I said, you know, the people who are registered, since you don't have a lot of them right now, go back to them, reach out to them, see if they want to do a call with you. Again, that's a strategy in the beginning, like if you're just starting out, if people have signed up for an offer with their name and email address. And maybe they didn't join you for your training. At the scale that I'm at, where I'm getting 500 to 1000 leads a month. That's like, that's a lot of people to reach out to. So I'm not doing that at this point. If I had gone back, though, like a couple years ago, I think that that would have been the better approach for me to do it is to do the offers, and then reach out just to those that register for an offer as soon as it's done, to see if they need to be served or need help or anything like that afterwards. And that's what you're doing. That's your what you're saying right now. So so the goal of that is this. Selfishly, you want to learn as much as possible about those people? Yeah. So I want to learn what, what are they? What are their? What are their actual desires underneath the surface? What are they going through, you want them to really share, like their life story, their experience? What do they do for a living? What does their family life look like even like, unpacking some of that. And once you're able to, you'll identify as you'll be able to notice, as you start talking to those people, patterns will start to emerge. And then you start putting those patterns into your offers. Like if you notice that they all are like women with families and like that, you want to put even images of women that have families on your landing page. Yeah. versus, you know, things like that, that you want to pay attention to what are the words that they're saying? And then what are the the two biggest things? What are their biggest struggles that they have? What is their ultimate goal that they want to get to? Where are they trying to go? What do they want to accomplish? What is their reason for signing up in the first place? And then we loop that back to that. Now, when it comes to having a one on one conversation, this book is especially valuable for one on one conversations, because it's all about building trust, discovering information, but you don't want to you don't want to do what Jordan calls the Grand Inquisitor approach, where you're just like, parading them with questions and like the Grand Inquisition, right? And we'll get really uncomfortable with that. But you want to naturally bake into your conversation questions to learn about them to start to create that pattern that you'll start to identify. And so in that, then you'll you'll you'll bring that data, your goal is to bring that data back to your webinar is to bring that back to your because then you'll notice Okay, of those that registered because they signed up. But they didn't show up. What were they actually really wanting and then you start crafting your webinars around what they said, right there. And then I would move that to once you start getting people showing up. Honestly, once you start getting people showing up and you have 20 3040 people on your VIP q&a on your webinar, that replaces the discovery calls, I think yeah, yeah. because then you're able to get a lot of questions answered in one setting. You don't need to call these people to ask them. And so then at that point, it's like, okay, sure, there's a whole group of people that didn't register. But let's focus on the ones that actually did show up. What did they really want? Yeah, and you want to wait everything in that direction, if we're looking at a scale, like, oh, like, Okay, this is weighted heavier than this. I care more about those that actually did show up than those that didn't. But I do want to consider in the beginning the stage that you're at, and I wouldn't do this for longer than like six to 12 months, your goal would be for you not to do a single discovery call period, as soon as possible. But in the beginning, there is some valuable research from doing those. So if you if you want to do them, go ahead. For the rest of y'all that are on here, don't feel obligated to, but you might discover some great things about your market because they sign up as a lead. And now you just you just sent them an email with a few questions. And now you got into a conversation with somebody that becomes a client and you learn something about your funnel that you would not have known prior to having that conversation. So that allows you to speed things up a little bit. And so that would be the goal behind those.

[1219:38] Speaker 3: Yes, great. Well, that's, that's massively, always the goal of

[1220:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: my discovery calls. I always pitch them as like, I'm gonna help serve you and I give value and people are like, Hey, can you tell me how to do this? I'll give the answer. Like I will literally just help them right there on the spot on the call. Yeah. Yeah, that's like I'm doing right here with you right now. Yeah. My goal behind the discovery call. It was still market research. There was still that curiosity of what don't I know about this person? Yeah. Yeah.

[1228:17] Speaker 3: Yeah. Yeah, cuz I'm getting so much from the interactions I'm having with people. And it's giving me so much content that can go into programs. So yeah. Yeah. So anyway, hopefully, I'll have some things to report by next Monday when I've done a load.

[1232:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, this is great. This is awesome. Yeah, I'm starting to see like a real a real, real pattern emerging in a great way a positive pattern of like, especially Kim before you, and then what you're saying and all that. The magic happens when you launch your offers, and you put it on, you actually get people showing up. And that's where it's like, okay, this is this is really cool.

[1239:30] Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah, then it really starts happening, you start to really feel the flow of it, you know, yeah, totally. Make sure that the back end tech is all there and that you've got a good team to deal with everything. I

[1242:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: say this with back end tech and all that. Yeah. I tried to keep it as simple as possible with the tech side of stuff. Um, you know, there's I said this on a call the other day, there might be some tech things that quote unquote, Michelle was there, Michelle Kosinski? There might be some things that I should be doing tech wise, but I choose not to, just because it saves my energy from having to focus on that because I kept dropping the ball trying to do it constantly. Yeah, sometimes in the beginning, like we have to say, Okay, this isn't as leveraged to like our final outcome. Maybe it would drop doing that. One thing of Michelle, I totally wanted to tell you, are you on here, Michelle? I don't know if she's on here. You can I am on there.

[1254:24] Speaker 4: I think I'm your next question.

[1254:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, you can I don't see your hand raise.

[1255:38] Speaker 4: I am Fernley Stern.

[1256:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, well, anyway. Yeah, you'll you can turn the chat off in zoom so you can turn it off completely. So that's one way to manage that too. All right. I'm gonna go to John's question here though. Thanks, Dorothy. This Thank you. Yeah. What's up John? How are you

[1262:49] Speaker 5: doing don't care about split decision at the moment because I'm watching the end of the the England cricket test match against Australia the final session which you guys okay, who's winning? You guys don't understand at all England are about to win the last match of five. It's kind of like the baseball thing. I think the my gaudily Yeah. When you when you have like a whole series thing, but

[1268:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I watch I watch all those too. I love it. I love sports.

[1268:55] Speaker 5: It's crazy. So it's been a big day. But anyway. Yes. I think you kind of answered this question already in the last the last call, but I'm not sure. So feel free to go over it again. Because of what you did trigger me. Absolutely. Yeah, and I sent him the cat in the chat, which he would have seen that. Let me just move you over so because otherwise I'm looking away from the camera. Here we go. Yeah, I've been afraid to ask for money. Or just anything? Yeah. Yeah, for exactly that reason.

[1277:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great. And the Self Realization though, like once we identify that now we can get past that. Yeah.

[1279:12] Speaker 5: So there's two parts on it. I did my my live zoom. This morning and on that thing, I said, Hey, I've got this great program. And as soon as I started saying, it's gonna cost and I was looking at $30, or something to join it, and I see asking for the money. So there's clearly something that definitely needs to do. But you then went on to talk about, like, maybe fishing in the wrong or front running the wrong, Lake, whatever, basically, that problem is finding customers who will be happy to pay the money to get some support, rather than me having to try and find people amongst my own group at the moment, so and I guess this is a little bit like putting yourself out there a bit more putting an effort out there and doing some adverts and something like that. So you're getting people who are outside of my sphere of influence? Because my question really was, how can I find people who kind of don't already know? Enough? Don't already know my story? Because I think one of the thing is I'm a bit guilty of that sort of thing. And people who've known me for a while have seen Oh, yeah. And totally, who do you think you are to try and help people when you're still struggling yourself?

[1298:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Totally. I get that. That's, that's a huge like, right there alone. A huge reason why. Marketing with like, trainings and webinars and stuff like that, is valuable, because oftentimes, it will be new people in front of you on those.

[1303:00] Speaker 5: Yeah, but it's getting hot, finding those people is the

[1303:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. So generally finding those people it's either they can come in through organic on YouTube and all that, but that's a trickle. So that's why the paid advertising is really one of the best ways to do that is to find them through the paid advertising, which is then why we got to charge the money to finance the paid advertising otherwise, we don't have the money to pay for the ads. It's like a you know, chicken and egg type thing right there.

[1310:24] Speaker 5: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I've been stuck in that cycle for Yeah, far too long, being too scared to do the adverts. Yeah. And the fear of losing money.

[1313:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I would bet part of the scare to do the adverts has more to do with the scared to ask for money side of things.

[1316:10] Speaker 5: Possibly, yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. I've never thought of it that way before.

[1317:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because you know, you know, subconsciously that you're gonna stutter when it comes to asking for the money. Right. So now if we run ads, your your brain has already gone to the the possible outcome of it not working out.

[1320:53] Speaker 5: Never thought of it that way.

[1321:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's funny how like, okay, I'm good. I've seen that all the time in my life. What I might be worried about, is connected, like three levels away from it. Yeah. And, and then once I sold that thing, the other one resolves itself. So

[1326:01] Speaker 5: yeah, and I think part of the reason for being scared to ask for money is not having enough confidence in my offer my program. Okay. But the money is worth paying. I gotcha. Well, I'll tell you this, which was actually gonna be my third question, but you kind of you've been, you've been

[1331:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: around the you've been around the personal development space for how many years?

[1332:20] Speaker 5: A long time. It depends. So. So just between us and trying to do this in 2014 know, your

[1333:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: stuff, you know, you know, you can help people, between you and I right. What's interesting, though,

[1335:35] Speaker 5: I was watching a YouTube live with a lady called cancer therapy in a nutshell. And she was doing like a live q&a on anxiety. And I was sitting there watching her and every question that came up went, Oh, yeah, that's exactly how I would answer that. Oh, yeah. That's exactly how I and she's like a qualified therapist.

[1339:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So in that, I'm telling you right now, I think you do have the value for people to pay. Just like it's starting to believe that yourself is the one thing but but like, you have enough, I think you have enough evidence in your life that you know, that you have that value that you know, how to answer the questions, you know, how to help people. And here's a great thing. What you actually hinted to this earlier, the people who already know you, they might say, well, you know, you don't have your whole life in order. So what do you have? The truth of the fact that you if you actually just come out and say, Listen, I don't have my whole life in order actually makes you more trustworthy to people that you can help them. Ah, yeah, yeah.

[1351:40] Speaker 5: That's also true. Yeah. Because a coach that's too far ahead of you. Yeah. Or on deal with your what you're dealing with.

[1353:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't really I found this. I don't trust mentors and coaches that act like they have it all figured out. So, so, some of these things like that you just shared with me as like limitations might actually be to your benefit if we flip them in that perspective. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Ah,

[1360:34] Speaker 5: okay. Anyway,

[1360:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was all stuff I had to work through like the last couple of years. What I just shared with you, by the way. Yeah.

[1361:51] Speaker 5: So my, I guess, my Yeah, I saw I need to do that. Okay. All right. Yeah.

[1363:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. I dealt with that myself. I was like, Man, do I have anything of value to charge for people? I'm like, I've been in this industry two decades, and have been successful. So of course I do. I like Yeah, but my business isn't making. Who cares? Like just share it. You know, just be honest with people share where you're at. And,

[1367:47] Speaker 5: bro, just the final weekend. He's the guy. He's retiring. Yeah. What do you say when he's retiring? He's just taking the last week. I just have my mom and dad downstairs going. Yeah. Awesome. So there you go. I should watch the replay in a second.

[1371:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, Thanks, Jeff. Thank

[1371:52] Speaker 5: you very much. Indeed. Yeah,

[1372:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, definitely. And just keep I mean, your self awareness is off the charts. Yeah. Because of that, like I really, I'm excited to see. Yeah, replay what we just talked about, maybe tomorrow or the next day, and start to think about it. And I think that you're, you'll, you'll find some really cool stuff comes out of it.

[1378:14] Speaker 5: Yeah. All right, exactly. On a side note, my German was very, very close to being ready to self published on Amazon. So very cool. Very soon. All right. I'll let you move on now. All right.

[1381:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see Kathy here.

[1383:00] Speaker 1: Okay, okay. So it's my first time here, I just joined what. And so I am what you have talked about in the past about the perpetual learners. And I have talked to just quick backstory, I've just, I've taken every course there is out there, left my nine to five and, and I have chosen you, Jeremiah, to be the person to get me to actually take action on the things that I want to do. So

[1392:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can give you the direction, you're the person who's gonna get yourself to take action.

[1394:43] Speaker 1: I'm usually set in the back, I'll listen to everything and I never jump on. So this to push that button.

[1396:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm glad you're here.

[1397:12] Speaker 2: My Side of the two years, is

[1397:46] Speaker 1: I've been following the courses. And basically, I've chosen my niche. I mean, I'm new to this. I know so many of you, in here have been doing this for a long time,

[1400:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know is a great stage that you're at. And don't don't discredit it.

[1402:56] Speaker 1: And I'm really excited about it. And I've chosen my niche. And I've done all my chat prompts. And now I just is there. Here's my question. Is there just like a step by step? Guide? I know that I've watched a lot of the other ones, but I feel like I'm missing something. I don't know why, like, what's the very first step? What's the second step?

[1410:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: The six steps to six figures course.

[1410:48] Speaker 1: I watched you live on that, and I read through it. So I don't know why I just can't

[1412:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: make Yeah, so So once you get the copy ready, that's where then we want to build it into like a landing page. put something together. And then we want to schedule a time, whether your offer is an ebook download, or it's a recorded class, or you're going to do a live one on Zoom. Basically picking which format you want to do. And then we're going to put it out there to get people to sign up to receive some kind of value from you in exchange for their name and email address. So getting people on your email list with some kind of an offer. And then with that offer is we're inside of that offer itself. You tell people about what the next step is with you. So if that one's free, you want to have something next for them that cost something. And that cost can be either your full program or it can be just a stair step like like a $27 Mini class. And then in that mini class could be where you sell them on your $1,000 or $500 program. Okay,

[1429:29] Speaker 1: what I like the many steps because what you've talked about really makes sense is to find out what they need as you go through. So my niche is retirement lifestyle planning, like how people should, cuz I'm in it. I'll be one of those people that need to teach what I'm learning. And I thought I would I had a so cool chat GPT man, I just love that thing. I had it and I asked for an original creative PDF, basically on self discovery, justice and they come up with this really cool treasure map idea, great, I'm gonna have a creative market or fiber, design it all up. That could be my, my giveaway. Like here, you don't know where you're going. But let's here's, here's your treasure map to

[1444:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: write down what you want, you always want to have some kind of next step for them to go to once they're signing up. So that's, that's the only other thing. So you want to consider, okay, you've got your main offer. And then what's the next thing that we're going to be sending them to? You want to have those two things at least lined up? Alright,

[1448:49] Speaker 1: that's the part I'm, I don't Yeah, so

[1449:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep. Because then because then you're able to, they're already excited about the value they got, now we got a next step with a call to action to go do something else with you. And so then that's what kind of builds over time and builds into a business. That's why the model that I like that is the least amount of steps. So it's like, okay, that's where you can get overwhelmed by creating all of these steps that can get overwhelming, it's easier, because you're, you're like, you go free to maybe $7, or $27, but you're not gonna make money at the seven to $27 level, then you go up to the next level, the way I like to do it is to where we do a live event as the free thing. And then I might charge for the VIP. So that's all in one step right there. And then I send people to the program here, which is $2,000 a year, 166 bucks a month for 12 payments. So in that that's what I'm sending people to from my offer, the least amount of steps and effort involved, quote, unquote, is still going to be doing a like a like a live training, and then selling people on your coaching program, because that's only two steps right there. But that that will require more, that's it'll challenge your your your confidence, you got to get better at doing a presentation, all these skill set things that we got to grow in. And so that's where the kind of the ebb and flow of deciding what your offer is. I'm not opposed to starting off with like a freebie offer, just realized that it might not make the kind of money you want to make right away off of that the money usually starts to come in once you do some sort of a video presentation with people, and then you start actively selling that group of people on what your program

[1477:22] Speaker 1: is. So okay, sorry about my picture. So instead of I wouldn't be comfortable doing like a challenge and five day challenge and incorporating this self discovery piece in that. Cool. That'd be better to do just jump right to that then to have them sign up and get this free discovery. What do

[1482:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: you what are you charging for your offer?

[1483:36] Speaker 1: Well, I haven't got that far.

[1484:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Yeah, if you're charging less than 1000 $1,000 or last, you could actually do a three day. Okay. $1,000, then do a five day.

[1486:37] Speaker 1: Okay, I had checked, you should do a five day and I perfectly like outline. But oh, cool.

[1488:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's great, hey, five days is more forgiving. For beginners. In this sense, it's more work. But the trust that you build with people over five days is incredible. And so you what I mean is is like as a beginner, if you're not like an expert salesperson, five days is more forgiving for somebody with less sales skill, because the extra time makes up for the quote unquote, sales ability. As you get better at selling, you could do it in like, I could probably do it in a in a two to three day now. But I'm still doing a five day. That's just like, as you do it more, you end up piecing together the conversation better and growing in your ability to actually sell in a presentation. And that's where you can take less days at that at that point to do it.

[1502:00] Speaker 1: Okay. All right. Well, thanks. And I promise that you're gonna hear from me, cuz I'm gonna ask for questions that it just sat on the sidelines.

[1503:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. I'm thankful you're here. Be sure to post in the group too. I respond throughout the week as well. All right, Cheryl, how are you?

[1507:22] Speaker 1: We got to unmute you. Here we go. Hey,

[1509:28] Speaker 6: I want to I want to touch base in order to answer this in the in the group on on my free Facebook group. Okay, so here's what I want to ask you is I know when you did your challenges, and you brought people into a Facebook group, did you create a new Facebook group for every challenge? You did?

[1514:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did. Yeah. But then I just I don't I don't manage it afterwards. Okay. I don't I'm only using it during that like, week of the challenge. Yeah. And then maybe like a month after and then I kind of let it die.

[1518:50] Speaker 1: Okay, yeah.

[1519:17] Speaker 6: I've got a free Facebook group and I created This cup, actually a couple of years ago, and I called it asked Cheryl, fine, that's okay. And the reason why I did that because keep people kept texting me email me, I'm just getting like messages from all the tools everywhere. And I just said, Okay, there's one group get a question go in there and it was basically, back then I was helping people take their hobby, like painting furniture, faux finishing gear and that kind of stuff. But I kind of evolved more, I kind of pivoted away from that. And now what I'm using the group for is to teach women. And by the way, the women that are in there, 98% of them are women, 50. Plus, they're creatives, they're artists, they're doing something like that. So what I'm doing is now as I'm pivoting it towards where I'm teaching them, how to turn a hobby into a business. So when they come into the group for free, I have questions I asked. And so they're, you know, what are you struggling with what social media platforms you're struggling with? I give my list. And here's what they tell me. They don't know social media. They're struggling with technology. They don't know where to start. And they just don't know what hobby to pick. Yeah. So

[1539:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: right there for your offers to the over 50 crowd. That's that's your That's great.

[1540:16] Speaker 6: Yeah. So now when I'm gonna take all of those questions, what they do is they'll answer those questions, I screenshot it, and I save the screenshot. So I can remember who said what, but what I'm thinking now is to answer those questions and do some challenges in the group. Yep. But here's my question, then. Because I don't want to keep creating groups is that

[1546:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: good. Now, you could do it in your in your main group that you have as well, if

[1547:02] Speaker 6: I'm going to promote it outside of the group and say, Hey, this is what I'm going to challenge on for three days, I invite them into the Cheryl find.com. Group, and now they're all in their deck group just keeps growing and growing and growing. I've got over 1000 people in there now, why not just use that group? I've already gotten sort of have to recreate is that make sense?

[1552:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, here's what I've seen with that. And why I do it the other way, is the way the algorithm works in a Facebook group, if somebody stops engaging with your group, it will not show them the content from that group until they engage in it. So like I have a group with about 2200 people in it. But if I look at my engagement numbers, next, I don't really cultivate that engagement. Is there's only about 30 active members out of that 2.2 1000. Yeah, okay. And so those are really the ones that are going to see those posts that are in that group. Whenever I create a new group, and I do an event, the visibility for all of those people is really high for about a month. Okay, so I'm more usually at for visibility purpose. That's why though, if you do it in your group, we've done it two different ways. With with Georgia and ban off, we built a group to 40,000 people with Georgia. And, and because we were doing events with, like big name speakers like Heidi Baker, and Bill Johnson, and putting all that together. And so like we had this group of 40 to 60,000 people, then what they ended up finding was is that like, it became a really weird community because all the ones that were engaging, they all like, were just whining and complaining. So they got rid of that group started a new one. And they the way that Jordans team has been doing is every six months, they're kind of starting a new community to keep it fresh. Um, yeah, we just Lin says she knows who Georgina is. So yeah, so we just did that with him. They did one. It's this group right here. 1000 people in the last month.

[1578:59] Speaker 6: Yeah. And this group is not active. I was kind of out of it for a while because I just come in frustrated, because nobody, I'm in there. I'm in there. I'm doing all this stuff and dedicating. So I'm wondering, so I just like get rid of that group or, or could I do more, I could just delete the people in there and keep the group going.

[1584:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's really hard to delete all the people in there. Like I said, maybe like a new one for the new thing that you're doing. We started this one a year ago with Georgia and super joy with Georgia and banned off 23,000 people but it just started to like deteriorate and quality. And so that's why they opened up this new one activate divine destiny, and they got 11,000 People from their email list and all of that in there. That's also why growing an email list is important because you can direct people to these different trances. So it's kind of virtually it's like, okay, we were meeting over, over here at first, and now we're meeting over here, type of a thing, but because they're on the email list, able to move from one to the other, the way that I've seen with groups, some people are really good at it, where they have like a whole team that's commenting every single day and all of that and, and doing all of that. But it's like that's how if you maintain one group, you can keep it engaged by keeping all the users engaged. If at any point you're not engaged. talking with people for a couple of months, you might as well just start a new one all over and try to move those people over to that one.

[1602:03] Speaker 6: Right? Because I don't want to spend a lot of effort in a free group, I'd rather teach you, my, the people that are paying me, you know what I mean? How do we

[1603:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: get 40,000 people to a group exactly what I'm teaching you right now, we did live virtual webinars and challenges. And we pushed everyone to those. So they did them what you were saying this one group, and they did all their challenges inside of one group. It's a model I've seen. But at the end of the day, we found we tried the same thing with Rick Pino. We were doing them all in one Music Group. After about a year, we had to move to a new group to kind of revive the visibility a little bit.

[1610:52] Speaker 6: Yeah, because people come and go, right. Yeah.

[1611:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So because otherwise, we're finding all these people. They were signing up for our events, but they were already in the group. So their visibility was down, and they weren't watching what they registered for.

[1613:59] Speaker 6: So if you created a group, and you did the challenge, and then say, three months down the road, you did another challenge with the same content, the same everything? Do you just reopen up that same group and throw some more people in there for that topic?

[1617:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can? I don't personally, but you definitely can. I just find that it's a whole like visibility thing. It's the visibility of people on the on the algorithm that I'm more concerned about, because what I want is I want as many people to actually sign up for something to show up and watch it. Now you can solve that by getting them on your email list, sending reminder emails telling them to add to their calendar, and like making it a limited time, like, Okay, you got to watch it within the next 72 hours, 48 hours, that helps solve some of that for you. So it's not a yes or no, I think the way that you're wanting to do it can work, I would just test it out for you see what see what feels best for you. I don't think it'll affect you, like, super negatively to do it that way at all. Um, I just like the extra visibility. I could, I could, I could also be completely wrong on that as well, because we haven't really tested it the other way. We have tested it the other way with Georgie and Rick. And we ended up trashing the group after a year starting a new one, because of the visibility. So that's kind of what I've seen, from my experience of doing that. That usually is the best way. I didn't really

[1636:25] Speaker 6: run a chance trashy group, because one, it's my name Cheryl fawn, and I bought the domain name. Yeah, yeah. Don't ask Cheryl find.com. So like, I don't want to trash the whole thing for that reason, either. So that's fine. You

[1640:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: could make one with the same name, though. I could do what? You could make a new one with the same name. I'm looking at your your group here.

[1644:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. You could call it astral fun, like 2.0 or something. You know?

[1646:18] Speaker 6: You can't give it the same name. You have to actually change something. Right? Right.

[1647:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly.

[1647:43] Speaker 1: Yeah. All right. All right.

[1648:32] Speaker 6: All right. Maybe I'll just use the group. I'll try it once or twice. See if I'm getting action. If not, then

[1650:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll the way that we did it was we would change this name right here. And we will put like, old group join new one link in description. The link to the new one right here. Oh, really? Yeah. So we've done little things like that to before? Yeah.

[1654:55] Speaker 6: All right. Play around with it. I'll just do it. I'll maybe I'll do one or two challenges. Put them in here. If it doesn't seem to be working. I'll just come up with a new group.

[1656:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, there you go. That's all right. Yeah. And then cultivate that group. And that group will be really engaged with you, which is cool. Okay. Yeah. All right. Edna, Edna.

[1659:45] Speaker 7: Yes. Hi, good. Morning, Good afternoon, where you guys are needed a group I'm getting inundated with the training is trying to get caught up. I'm in the process of currently working on my landing page for a live webinar that I wanted to do. I just to refresh your memory, I was the one that was going to be focusing on high D professionals. Sorry for the background noise. I have a four year old and a two year old so you're fine day about. But anyway, I'm I'm looking at your I was looking at this listening to one of your trainings and it said that in the headline, you need to say the end outcome while handling objections that they may have. So I did this. I did a whole chat GPT thing and the objections to I guess the question I should have, I have probably a better question is, is this something that I should probably post on a Facebook group so you could see the whole landing page or is it really can

[1675:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, or you can share it here. We also do like a landing page copywriting day. Net, not this coming Thursday, but the next week Thursday, doing that as well in the group so but you could always go post it in there. Yeah, I can take a look at it. If it's a landing page that might take me a couple of days to get back to you, because I really want to give it the full look over but definitely.

[1682:32] Speaker 7: Okay, so if that's the case, I'll just go to my next question. The next question I have is, um, you had mentioned, if it was a program that was between 2000, like $2,000 and up, it should be a five day event, I was only going to do a one day event. Is that correct? Is that what you're saying? Oh,

[1687:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: no. So traditionally, in online marketing, like a one day as a as like a webinar is what we call it. A five day like or three days, they'll have the name challenge or masterclass or whatever. A one day is a great way to sell to people and to present what you have to offer for sure. Here's the challenge behind doing a one day is, again, we just met, so i This isn't at all I don't know. Do you feel super confident to be able to like close sales on a presentation? If so, then a one day we'll do great for you.

[1698:30] Speaker 7: Okay, yeah. I mean, it's been a minute, because I took some time off to be, you know, to be a stay at home mom. But I do have clients that I'm still working with even at home mom.

[1701:20] Speaker 1: Yeah.

[1701:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. What it is, is like, because we have a wide range of people in here, if if, if somebody's not like really good at sales, a one day event might not turn into the kind of the amount of sales they want. And so a multi day event gives you more time to build trust with the prospect. And so then, because of the multiple days together, the sales volume goes up in that, so that's what that's the advantage of doing a multi day. That's why I do a five day intensive. I still do my one day webinars, and I do the five day intensive because it gives me a real opportunity to make a real connection with people before they joined the program. And I liked that model. And it gives me a lot of great, great data. And it's helped me grow in my ability to sell, I can probably do a three day now. Just because I've gotten better at it. My mom does. She like she'll do a one day one hour training and close, you know, $300,000 in sales with one session. So that's, that's more of like a sales skill, ability thing that we can all grow in, we can all get better at. And so that's where just experiment, do a one day see the response. And you didn't get as many sales as you want to try a three day.

[1724:18] Speaker 7: Okay, yeah. Okay. And then my next question was, so I have an opportunity to go on a, I guess a show that's going to be all over. I was going to promote that webinar or that event. This is won't be till the end of September. I was curious, is it better for me to try one before this big one, you know, so that I'm so that? I mean, launch one like a mini one. Prior to this big one?

[1731:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: That will be great information data for you.

[1732:29] Speaker 7: Okay, yeah, okay. Yeah, I do that. Okay. Yeah. All right. Well, we put a post on my landing page. I'm glad to be here. I'm very excited. Yeah, I'm

[1734:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: excited that you're here, too. I just I loved what you said. You said, like you're speaking engagements to 1000s of people. And I mentioned, you know, what we focus on a lot here is how do we get that marketing message down, that attracts the right people. And then you do a presentation, if you got the right people in front of you, you don't have to sell as hard. So that's also I love that part of it. And then you make a presentation to people to close those sales. And that's where you get the profit margins that we're looking for.

[1743:38] Speaker 7: Right? And then I guess my challenge is, I've never done group coaching before. I've always done like, training, like go into their, you know, events and stuff like that. Yeah. One to One, coaching, especially online group coaching, that's new to me. So that's why I'm here and I'm trying to learn, you know, the scopes and stuff. So I guess the only way to do is to try and fail.

[1749:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of the best ways to like learn the group coaching. So we have we have like the the membership secrets course in there. I also tell people just look at how I run this group, right? It's a great model for how to run a group coaching program. Because we've developed we've developed this model for running group coaching programs over the last 10 years. Right. So it's like this, it has all the features that we found really serve people well without it like being a time burden on my end to where it's like okay, I'm spending so much time on this, so I'm able to leverage my time the best by doing it though. structure of this program right here.

[1760:32] Speaker 7: And that's what I need just because of the motherhood thing.

[1761:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Totally. Yeah.

[1761:47] Speaker 7: Thank you all so much. I appreciate it. Yeah,

[1762:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: my wife and I are both work at home parents. She, she's with the baby all day, but like, I can't just be with our son all day long, either. So I step in throughout the day, and we're like, we're parenting together. It's like, there's this parenting all together. That's how that's how I've designed our business.

[1768:59] Speaker 7: Yes. And that's, that's what I'm hoping to design because I you know, I love being at the end, I love wherever business, but I'm trying to, like, still generate income while I'm still here, you know? So that's what I'm doing. So thank you. Thanks a lot.

[1772:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take care. All right. Hi, Mommy, my baby. All right, Michelle, what's up, Michelle?

[1773:41] Speaker 4: All right. Hey, there. It is so good. I swear, the longer you're on the call, you think about the question someone else SAMSA answers them. And they're like, Okay, okay. It's really cool. Okay, so I'm gonna back up, and I'm gonna say I've been self employed for 30 some years. And I take a lot of what you do and put it into my business. But I also want to start this mentoring coaching business. So I appreciate what you were saying today to think about, like, if you were a CEO of a company. Yeah. Because I think there's something when you're, yeah, when you're self employed, it's like, you know, I'm catering to my customers, I'm growing the business. But I was like, Ooh, what if I went and got a job somewhere, and I was the CEO, I certainly would not be doing some of the things I'm doing. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, I gotta share that with my husband. Because that one's pretty spot on. Because, you know, as artists, and I appreciate this as why, like, you're coaching the mindset, starving artists, you know, you're never good enough as an artist. Unless you're like the top top top. And by then you become so arrogant sometimes or like, on basketball, that, whatever.

[1792:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so there's a balance where you can like, fully believe in yourself, but know that you could be better. That's what I

[1793:43] Speaker 4: love. So I love all that. Okay, so then I had my value ladder, I created it. And then I was like, Okay, this is my starting value ladder, and then I'm gonna make a, what do I want to be in a year or two? Or like, where do I really want it to go? And so as you were talking today, now someone mentioned, and I appreciate all the callers because that helped feed the question. Someone said, yeah, it's been four months, and now I'm getting clients. So my question kind of becomes, maybe I should start at the higher value ladder, if I have my full time job, and I am not relying on this for income. Yes. Maybe I need to start out the door. Like, no, I'm not. This is who I am. This is what it's worth. Join me or don't join me.

[1805:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yep. I would recommend everybody do that. But I also know in a group like this, that some people we need need to grow in confidence and just sell a $7 product, just sell a for, you know, just get one sale for seven bucks. And I tell you, your confidence level is going to go through the roof. Especially if you've never gotten one before. So I know that, but I also want everybody to graduate to where like they're charging two, three, even 510 15,000 to work with us.

[1814:13] Speaker 4: Abs, okay, cool, because that's exactly what I want. I don't want to do you know, 200 clients, I'd rather have 1520 that are top dollar.

[1816:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and you know, there's, there's different sources of opinion on this. I'm a big fan of, of value, ladder, low ticket all the way up, and you serve the wide range of people, but you create these kinds of boundary barriers at different price points. Not everybody in the industry of coaching agrees with that. I know, some people are like, you know, just go out the gate with a 25k program. And like, that's what they do. Um, that's a little bit of a different model. Because at that point, like you really want to qualify who's in front of you, and you want to make sure they have that money to invest with you before they even listen to you. So you got to make sure that they actually have 25 grand, and then maybe they pay it over the course of a year or they finance it. If you're going to be going out the gate charging that what I look for is you know, at the 500 to $3,000 price point, especially if you offer a payment plan. Most people can figure out how to get enough money for that. Most people can figure out the right people how to put together two to three grand in a year to pay for a program. You know, I'm going out there and I look at the way I come up with a lot of the price points for coaching. I look at what is the average price of a of a computer and fitness equipment and a guitar. And then we look at in the music industry guitars and keyboards they sell between 1000 to 3000. We look at computers they sell between 1003 1000 We look at fitness equipment, it's between 1003 1000 So What that tells me is, is that the actual, like gear for our programs needs to fall into that price category. Because really, that's what people expect to pay to solve problems in their life.

[1843:20] Speaker 4: That makes sense. Totally Excellent. Yeah. And so that's

[1843:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: how I actually we've come up with a lot of those pricing is buying, I don't know if y'all can hear my son, his grandparents and author $1 he's ever been. So like, part of that is like, look out in the marketplace, not even in your industry, what do you most consumers expect to pay? You know, now, now, the other side of it is, what do people buy, and invest in that's 25 to 50,000. Automobiles,

[1851:15] Speaker 4: I was gonna say, a car car.

[1852:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's also about the amount of cash that people need to come up with to buy a house. And so if we think about that price point, now we're thinking about, we need to figure out financing, especially because most people don't ever come up with that much in cash. But you can always figure out how to finance it. At that point,

[1856:19] Speaker 4: I gotta think about that

[1856:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: 111 way of financing, and I haven't fully explored this yet, I want to look into I'm one like, I want to find ways for people outside of the US because I know we have coach financing in the US. And they're incredible. If you're in the United States, I highly recommend using them, they'll finance up to a $50,000 program for your mentoring 1000 to 5000, they'll let people finance it. outside of the US. When I told somebody I said go, if you know somebody who like, does auto loans, go see if they have like a contract with a bank that they can connect you with and put like a loan package together or something like that, because that's essentially how you're doing that. Not everybody's at that level. But if you're selling like straight up high ticket, you will want to have some kind of financing in order. And you and you will want to offer some kind of a payment plan to for the 500 to $3,000 price

[1870:53] Speaker 4: point. That's kind of funny, I assumed people in those categories, they'd just be able to pull the money. But you're saying they'd still need financing?

[1872:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: About 50% of them. Okay, we're a payment plan. That's why we'll do a payment plan for 500 to, to 3000. We just did that with my mom here. So she's doing like a live event in Austin. And the ticket price was for one event was 597 or 1500. Just for two days with her. But we added this three pay, and a whole bunch of sales came in interesting up into three payments. So yeah.

[1883:38] Speaker 4: My only question left and this is not an answerable one is what now I'm struggling a little bit is the time management mindset. Like I go to sit down and work on my stuff. But then my job I get an email and I get distracted. So I could use a little tips and techniques of like how to pivot from full time to your coaching, you know, what are steps to do or checklists? Or that's where I'm struggling a little.

[1891:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I did. Did you go through the course I made a couple of months ago.

[1892:27] Speaker 4: I went through a bunch of your courses I don't remember which is which which

[1893:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: optimization playbook. Okay. So time optimization playbook was sort of my answer to that question. Okay, where I really like, I just I dive in, it's a it's a, there's four lessons, what is then simple plan, this one right here, specifically less than three is probably your, where your questions can be answered, working full time and building a business and then executing priorities in like the middle of chaos, when you're like your life is just going out of control. Those two lessons are probably going to answer most of that for you. But I'll give you a like a just a little bit of an answer about that is it all comes back to making hard decisions and sacrifices and being willing to say no to certain things that might be good in your life. For the next level that you're going to having a time boundary on okay, maybe I spent a lot of my time doing this over here. I might need to drop that for a season to be able to take care of the things that I want to put together. And and for me, like I've always found where can we what are the easiest places to cut that out of, um, is dedicated media consumption. If we're consuming media throughout, always pull some of that time. I consume a ton of media throughout the day. But I find that if I do it too much, or I'm like, sitting down to do it, and now I'm complaining that I don't have enough time to build my business. And there's an easy solution there for that. Next is like, what are the obligations that maybe you have in your life? Are there some of those that are lower tier that maybe you could pass off to somebody else, that you can start doing less of start moving your priorities around. Now the answer to that question is not going to happen overnight. But it might come to you over the course of the next month or so, to where you start moving puzzle pieces in your life around to make room for the time to start building the business.

[1925:06] Speaker 4: Yeah, and there's a little guilt to like, I need to develop this in my business or something, but I hear what you're saying, but maybe I need to develop my business and get that rolling as I'm working along.

[1928:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. I, I found, yeah, the guilt is natural. That's where I always approach it with compassion, anytime I feel that guilt is, you know, I'm really like, because I have this split mindset. And my self compassion side says, that's why I love the the internal family systems like parts work therapy, because it's like about like, these two sides that are sort of two opposites. One side of me is like super self compassion, like, it's okay, you didn't get it done today, you did your best the other side as well, we're not really doing our best we could do better, right? And, and learning to kind of manage those two together and say, you know, what, we did our best, we're gonna do better next time, and kind of helping them sort of become a team, these two sort of conflicting the guilt inside of our head. That, you know, and and finding the resolve of that as equally having just as much compassion, as much as saying, you know, what, I know that I need to make changes in my life. And let's, let's make the future better than the last six weeks ago.

[1945:58] Speaker 4: That's a good way of looking at it. Like the advantage

[1946:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: ourselves the grace to like, because you can't change the last six weeks, the last six months, you can't change the last, we'd love to, but we just can't.

[1949:02] Speaker 4: Yeah, and what I had to do to start writing down like, Hey, you accomplish this, because I think as a self employed entrepreneur, no one's telling you, you're not getting job reviews, I do the task, get it done. And then I forget about it. Yeah. So

[1952:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's the thing as humans, we don't need any help to like, repeat the same patterns of our past. That just kind of that's like, that's how we're wired. We end up just doing the same thing by default all the time. So that's where we got to be intentional and say, Okay, this behavior hadn't served me the last 12 months. Let me not, instead of trying to pick 20 areas to improve in my life in the next 12 months. Let me just pick one to improve in the next two weeks. Let me just follow that one area is really hard, okay. Let me instead of like, okay, I need to have control over my emotions. What if I just have 5% more control over my emotions today than I did last month. And compounding, each month, each one, giving yourself the grace that you don't have to have it all figured out right away? That we don't have to feel like, well, you should be further along. You know, like, we can always come up with that in our head. But at the end of the day, I'd rather accept where I am, and then say, okay, because if that thinking was helping us, we would be further along already. That's okay. So let me compound, maybe I'm not going to do it. 100%. But I could do it. 5% 10% 20% 30%. Nice. Yeah, that's nice. And find that to where now 30% becomes your new normal. And now 60% is once you'll go to the next level, and now that becomes your new normal. And then by the time you know it three months, five months down the road, you just made a giant change in your life that you've been struggling with for two years, by just doing the small like a little bit, not in every area. But just a little just one piece.

[1982:49] Speaker 4: That makes total sense. I mean, the older I get the retrospect, I can see like, this was a great idea, but society wasn't ready for it or my business wasn't ready for it. So if I do 5%, and I trust that timing is perfect. Yeah. And I'll be in a better space than beating up on myself. Like why don't you do more? You had all day to do it. That's it.

[1988:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's it. That's it. All right. You're getting that. Thank you, sir. Yeah, thank you. All right, everybody. I have a notary heading here to close on our house. So we're finally closing, which is great. We went in the backyard in the pool and flooded the whole backyard, which is funny. And then and then the AC wasn't working. So we finally got all that fixed. And so we're closing today, which is great. Cheryl, what was that got? God is my CEO. Awesome. You know, I have not read that book. I know my mom has read it a few times. I need to read that book. You're absolutely right. It's a good one. All right, everybody. I will see y'all. Next week. Actually, we'll be doing another q&a This Saturday, I haven't even announced the event yet. I don't even have my ads up. But we are doing one on doing a webinar this Saturday about Facebook ads. So I'm going to be running some paid ads just for the next five days to it and to my email list. I know y'all heard me say like, okay, don't run ads for less than five days. The reason I'm able to do it is because I know that that offer converts really well. So now I can go in there with a smaller lead in time at that point. All right, I'll see some of y'all on Saturday. We'll be in here. I'll post the link when that is and then the rest of y'all will see on Monday next week. And then we have that copywriting landing page review call next week, Thursday, as well. Be sure to post in the group if you got any landing pages or offers you want reviewed and then we'll go from there. Have a good one.

