CGA - Live Training + Q&A - December 4th, 2023
Date: 2023-12-06T05:27:19.000Z
Duration: 579 min
Otter ID: AMwFExsnl1_RUi3Ur9eG2ZYqHTs
---

[0:29] Speaker 0: this a little bit later.

[1:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I just have something else up here, I can actually show you how to use the window. There's a little button here and zoom, let me move my camera over here. That says more. And this is where you can go live on different platforms and stuff like that. Getting, we'll show you that in another lesson. But if you go under participants, and you click this little Invite button, this will also give you when it says copy invite link. That's what I do. And what that does is that gives us the actual link that we could send out if we're already in the meeting, to then send out to somebody this zoom link that they can access. So everything is really based around the link in zoom right here. So like when I'm hosting a webinar, when I'm hosting different webinars, let me just show you here, how we actually deliver this type of an invitation to people. Okay, when somebody's joining our webinar for zoom, or they're registering for it, or things like that, once they register on the Welcome page, we have the zoom link right here where they can access it. We have this calendar link, and in the calendar link, there's the Zoom link right there. They also get sent an email with that. So we have multiple touch points where we're sending out the link to actually access the Zoom call, because a lot of people will still ask, I don't know where to go, I don't know where to find it. Where's the link? You know, even in the Facebook group, we'll schedule the link, we go and do that. And we found that that's a great way even if you're running a coaching program, if you're running a webinar, or if you're running meetings, things like that, people will still say I don't know where the link is, you can literally send it to them 1000 places and they will lose it. And that can be why they didn't show up to your training. That could be why they didn't show up to your webinar. And so understand that it might seem redundant to multiple times send the link out to people, but the fact of the matter is, most of them are not even going to see it. Most of them are going to say they never got it. Even if they did, don't take it personally, I got people all the time. They're like I never got it. I never got it. And I'm like, Yeah, internally, I'm like, Okay, we we definitely sent it out a lot. And but you just kind of go with having a customer service approach to that. That's where you you want to help serve them realize even though you sent it before, they probably didn't see it. So here it is, we posted in the in the like for the event we did last week December 2, here's the Zoom link happening in an hour. We did this the day before, mark your calendars, we do it inside of the CGA group, and still people won't show up. They say they never got it things like that we have in our emails over in MailChimp. We go into MailChimp. And by the way, we have a course on using MailChimp. Or we break that down for you. We go into MailChimp. The welcome emails as soon as they jump in as soon as they join the welcome emails are right here. We got a welcome.

[56:24] Speaker 2: This is the welcome sequence

[57:31] Speaker 3: right here. Oops

[59:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome sequence edit. Here's the emails that go out oops, see, we don't need those all to go out. The email would look like this. Welcome, your registered, add to your calendar, we put that at the top there that goes to that link. We send the pre training links. And then I actually put the Zoom link at the very bottom of the email, on purpose, because I want them to read through all of this first. Thursday, if you want people to read through something, first put your the most important info at the bottom. If you know that's what they really came for. All right. So those are again, here's the Zoom link that we sent out to people, you want to have the date, the time, the link how they can access it. And that will help people so when you're hosting your event, it's about over communicating how they can access it over communicating how they can log in. And so if they're struggling to know, okay, where do I log in? Where do I get the access? Where do I go? That's how you can really help that and then increase your show up rate overall. Okay. All right. So yes, in the next couple of lessons, we need to actually break down how we use Zoom, how we host events and things like that. We'll be doing that next. Have a good one.

[1280:00] Speaker 3: really good

[5721:39] Speaker 0: Oh But keeping that up

[5734:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, good evening, everybody. Welcome on here live. It's funny the money symbol right here. It wasn't on purpose for this video, but you know what it's appropriate. Because we're going to be talking about making money, we're going to be talking about what works, what we've used to grow our coaching business to multiple seven figures. And what we've used to build multiple coaching businesses over the last 20 years to multiple eight figures has been one thing. Facebook ads, running paid advertising campaigns to get new clients to get new customers every single month and if I log into my Stripe account right here, I can actually see that we have had the largest number of new customers ever in my business and this business. What's the number right here we got in the last month? 5863 85 What does that add up to? in 30 days 5863 5085 and 263 400

[5758:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: new customers in the last 30 days prior to that are big Last month was 244 new customers. And so the fact that we have had that many new customers in the last 30 days is, is huge. It's a testament to the growth, the momentum that we've been having, how much cash flow has been coming in, in our business, and that we really hit a stride and continue to see the results start to pour in. And so I'm just going to share with you how we've done that, and what the processes that we've done to do this my whiteboard, it's actually down right now. So I'm not able to draw anything on the whiteboard. But if you can take a look at maybe these markers as an example of this, okay. This right here is social media. This right here is what we're selling our coaching, okay? We find the people that are on social media that we've never met before. And we get those people to become customers of ours. Now, we don't get people actually through organic social media content. Everybody who follows me organically, I found them I met you, if you're watching this right now, we have connected in some way. Between now and the beginning of time through a Facebook ad of some kind. That's how you're here is initially, every single person that we connect with comes through a Facebook ad, okay. And so here's why Facebook ads are better than organic, right now in this market, in for coaches, for consultants, for course creators, is because the algorithms organically, really only show content to people who already know and like you. And they have sort of siloed off the organic traffic. And sure, you can go viral with a video or two, but that doesn't turn into really building your business right now. What builds your business, especially if you are a coach, trainer, mentor, course creator, and you want to sell courses or coaching online, that's what we help people do. That's what I know that you can do. And that's that's really what this whole video is about is if you're a course creator, if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you have a book, Facebook ads is the best way to actually laser in on the right people that you want to work with. Because the algorithm is really just going to kind of feed you the same people over and over and over again. And it's going to be all the same types of people, not just the same types of people, but really the same exact people. And so you're going to run out of people that you can sell to really quick if you're not getting them to give you referrals and things like that. And to drive referrals or affiliate type marketing like that is it's effective, but it's limited. And so what I like to do as and I can actually turn on a fire hose of brand new people that I've never met before, that I've never heard of me that have never seen anything from me that I've never seen a single video I've ever done. In fact, I might run this video as a Facebook ad just to see what happens. And you might be one of those people that I've never met before. That's watching this video, okay. So what we do is we bring people that we've never met before, into my ecosystem, and then they might watch my organic content, they join my email list, they watch my YouTube videos, they watch all that stuff. And so that's why I have very low organic engagement. And yet our businesses have made millions of dollars, it's because you don't need high organic numbers, to close the amount of sales that it takes to get that type of volume and revenue coming in. And so what we do is we create offers that we promote with Facebook ads that solve a very specific problem for somebody that our coaching and courses that we sell, and we sell our courses and coaching for real money $500 at the lowest cost, and you know, up to like, I like $2,000 is one of my favorite price points overall, because it's just expensive enough that it qualifies out everybody who's not serious. And yet people can still find the money to buy something for $2,000 Interestingly enough, these correlates a very similarly to the prices of computers, personal computers, you know, $750 people will invest in a good computer 500 on a baseline one, all the way up to two grand a lot of people spend on a computer that they're going to keep for a couple of years, maybe even 3030 $540,000 Okay, so I've actually based a lot of this pricing off of the way that the computer industry prices computers. And I think that really that's what you should do you You should see your coaching or your courses as the same value as somebody making an investment into a computer. It's something that they can lock in bolt on into their business and start to see results from it almost immediately from starting to work with you. And so that's what we do is we pull people in, they have a very specific problem. They're trying to run Facebook ads and get clients for their courses, or coaching businesses, a very specific problem, they're trying to start a coaching or course business from scratch. And those are really kind of the two groups of people that we help the most is the ones that are that are just starting, and then how to gain momentum with Facebook ads, to get clients. And that's what my coaching program helps people with as well. We host live events to help people do this. And I teach for free how to do this. And so that's what we run Facebook ads to is these live events that we host online. And we run the Facebook ad to send people to these live events. So like for instance, here's a live event that I'm hosting this Saturday. You can see it on my on my screen right here. Attention coaches, course creators, trainers, thought leaders get paid more paid clients and start making 2010 to $30,000 per month using our proven Facebook ad strategies. If you've never ran ads before, don't have an email list. And you're just starting out. And I'm very specific, kindly note, this is specifically for coaches course. It's funny, I had somebody who's a realtor, sign up for this. I'm like, ma'am, it says on here, it's not for you. Anyways, if you fit into that category, by the way, that's what this event is for. That's this Saturday, where I'm going to be doing an hour and a half long zoom training at noon on Saturday, on how to get more core sales and coaching clients with Facebook ads, a very simple method that we're using that works that you can follow to be able to do this. And so what we do is we actually I run an ad, I'm running ads, right now you can actually look at the ads that I'm running, if you go over to Facebook, I'm gonna pull back the curtain and show you how you can look at all the ads that I run, which is really kind of cool. You guys can spy on me and see what I do by going over here to my page. And then you should be able to look at there's this section, under about and then page transparency. Here it is, this page is running ads. So here's all the ads that that I have 100 ad ads right now that are running, these are different ads for this event on Saturday.

[5881:08] Speaker 0: I wanted to talk about Facebook ads that actually work.

[5882:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so they'll run these graphics as ads, these are all different ads that I'm running for this event. And we're we're testing them out with different targeting different ad copy different things like that. So you can actually see all the ads that I run right here. And then this is what I'm using to send people to join me on Saturday to register to learn how to create irresistible paid ads, how to effectively target how to write the right ads, copy what the right tools are. So that a you don't have to struggle to get clients so that you don't have to struggle with the changes in the algorithm, so that you can start to see results with your paid advertising. And I'll show you how we're leveraging artificial intelligence to do a lot of this we use AI to write all of our ad copy this is this was written by AI right here. Okay. And so that's what I'm going to work with you through on Saturday is actually how to do that and how we've done this in multiple businesses that have generated millions of dollars online. And so if you're a course creator, if you're a coach, you want to know how to do that. That's what we're going to be going over on Saturday, don't need to struggle. You don't need to strive. You don't need to worry about how can I make this start to come together and work for me. I'm going to show you I'm gonna give you the blueprint, I'm gonna pull back the curtain so to speak, and what we're doing I'm gonna show you everything behind the scenes of how we set everything up, how we build everything so that you can start to get results with Facebook ads yourself. This is how we have built multiple coaching businesses over the years in the online coaching space, and how you can as well get results, attract the clients you're looking for, and start to create cash flow in your course or coaching business. So click the link on this post. And I will see you on Saturday. We'll talk soon have a good one.

[5921:20] Speaker 2: tears rolling down your face that's when I lost that man knows damn damn I'm exhausted What the hell's this all for that's when it bends or breaks between a rock and a hard place

[5933:12] Speaker 2: we've been standing in and listen just a friend we've been talking about the weather since we've been together talking about a ring

[5941:56] Speaker 2: when I walk down that door

[5944:06] Speaker 2: that's when I stand mad now CNN design Oh Mom exhausted What the hell's this all for that's when it bends or breaks between a rock and a hard place.

[5962:38] Speaker 0: Beef done

[5967:10] Speaker 2: we were swaying in and mass and this is their friend. We were talking about the weather since we've been together talking about a wreck between a rock and a hard place tears roll down that door

[5977:46] Speaker 2: what the hills is all for

[6117:23] Speaker 0: We were talking

[9069:03] Speaker 0: They're not going to play late legally enforceable, I wanted to honor them, because my mom, I went for like an hour long law. That didn't even do it. And so really like, sometimes it's just sleeping on it constantly is derail you for two weeks, and launch them. Even with that to stay consistent to keep showing up. I'm not waiting until I feel perfect. Like, everything is perfect. It's not always going to feel perfect. I apologize if that's what it sounds like. I'm saying that you need to wait until everything feels perfect in order to go up. What I'm saying is that what we can control and keep moving forward, right, that's hard enough. Without learning some of these tactics to control the inner dialogue, control the inner pain, continue to control the inner back and forth feelings and emotions and things, feeling like we're getting triggered. And and so we have to learn to not let those things derail us that when things don't go how they want, that went out, we launch a campaign that doesn't produce as many leads as we want, when we've invested a few $100 in testing our campaign now, where we're feeling like, Oh, I'm just struggling to stop from crying, because this is so hard to get my sales copy written. It's part of the process that you're growing through. And there's always usually some belief or some trigger behind that type of behavior that we need to find that's beneath the surface that we need to look at. How is this preventing me from showing up at a much more powerful statement? The reason I'm sharing this particular is because you're going to be able to show up far more effectively what we can learn to not let what goes on outside of us. Get us knocked off track. What we can learn to not let what's going on around us. Get us off of Sainz assistant, get us derailed get us mentally down in us. Eventually, in the pit of all I just can't recover. You know, I dealt with that I would have months where I would just be depressed and I would deal with this depression and it's funny I had, I have a lot of judgment against people that were depressed for a while. I feel really weird saying that because I dealt with depression and seven my mom but this was something that my therapist and I uncovered in the last week that my judgment towards people who deal with depression was actually preventing me from admitting the moments when I felt depressed. And the last couple of weeks, I have had moments of depression that I haven't felt in five years. That's what I say when I hit the lowest point. It's these moments where you feel like actual depression going through it and look at while going through it simultaneously hosting a five day intensive while simultaneously having some of the best sales that we've got ever had in our business while simultaneously seeing things come together? While simultaneously having all these different triggers, like I mentioned, getting the mountain dog track, learning to stay consistent learning to trust the process, trusting that each step is going to move us upward with our growth mindset that even if we get knocked off track, even if Facebook blocks our ads account our blocks our pixel or tells us that we can't do this or leaving, gosh, our whole website gets taken down our WordPress site does take it down. Real realizing that it's not the end of the world. That's not the end of things. It's just another chapter in the process of reaching our goals. Again, I understand there may be some of you right now, who, what I've said today just pisses you off more than anything else, Jeremiah, you're just telling me to positively bypass my feelings. And I'm not telling you to positively bypass anything, feel it, and then learn to move on quicker, shorten the amount of time that it takes for you to process and resolve some of these things on a day to day basis. Okay, I understand briefing things takes time. It took me a while to grieve that hate. I would say to me the last five years to grieve the pain of the life that I thought that I would live when I first got married. There was a version of my life that I envisioned when I first got married. I was working for my mom. And I've had to grieve that version of my life die. And the new version is here, which is better, more in line with my dreams and my vision and my goals. But it's not how I thought everything would go. It's not how everything has always gone for me. It has a different script, it had a different process, oh, when you guys went through a baby in there that shook things up like crazy. Learning to stay consistent to show up. Because you don't have to show up perfect that everything doesn't have to be perfectly aligned in your life. In order for you to be able to show up to impact people in order for you to be successful. One of the best things that I can say for sure when it comes to technology is technology is very interesting because you can learn everything and still not learn anything. If you can, and I actually wrote this down, actually use chat to me to help me go through some of this right here. I'm gonna pull up the screen I'm gonna show you right here. So I want to be transparent when I'm using chat GBT to even teach inside this group, right? Give me a five step process to not be so overwhelmed by In fact, as in 50, something year old trying to create an online business, and I get stuck and don't do anything. And I have a customer instruction right here you are an expert coach, to beginner business owners and online marketing and sales fail to create courses and coaching programs. So it says right here, start with a clear plan. This is why I talk so much about getting clarity on building your offer. Adding to the offer is really what puts that clarity together. That's what creates that clarity. But here's the problem, we can get tempted to the planning process to where we started over clarify. So that's what I would say to this, be very careful to not over plan, plan just enough that you have action points, and then move forward. And this is really what I agree with the most. Learn the basics. What are the essential tech tools, you don't have candy, all of them learn one part, comfortable with that one part of the technology, try to learn all of it before you do anything is not going to help you. Now I understand maybe in your life and other parts of your life and other areas of your life. Maybe that's what you needed to be successful you understand that this business in this industry, that that that you're going to have to get out and that he wants and just learn from that right away. And then it's implemented step by step, take it one piece at a time. You don't need a whole elaborate website yet. I had somebody tell me. He was on my free calls, which is in Jeremiah. You know the fact that I can't access chat to you because he paused because they closed down enrollment. The fact that I don't have a perfect website, it's going to take me a year before it even launched offer. I told her listen, you don't need to have a perfect website. Oh, and by the way, you can go over to the pope.com and get access to to use postman to be able to use. Alright, here. It can use tally three right here. Okay. So like, but her whole thing was, well, I can't move forward because you know what? I don't have the ability to use chat up team plus. So I can't do this instead of realizing maybe if I ask for help maybe if I ask a question, maybe if I don't stay stuck, but actually get the help of somebody who can help me. And that's where Step number three is, seek the support that you need. Start asking for help start asking questions. If you're stuck, finding somebody to help you, find somebody who can guide you. And then lastly, learn how to manage your time. Here's one of the biggest things is that oftentimes, if we don't put a focus on time, it will start to disappear from us, that will start to escape us, but will start to go everywhere. So sometimes we have to be very intentional. You know, there's a man that I met a couple years ago, he told me, he's actually in this program right now. He's not on this call right now, though, but maybe he'll see this. He told me Jeremiah is really killer in corporate America. But because I don't have a boss micromanaging my time I can't seem to stay focused. And I'm like, like, that's an area that might need to grow. And we don't need somebody's pain or punishment, looking over your shoulder, to manage your time type of a thing. This is an area of growing out of that mindset and grow into it to what's going to help you be successful that we need to shift that we need to change that we need to adjust. I truly believe every single one of us here this program

[9228:46] Speaker 0: can start to gain breakthrough in these areas that you know start to become more resilient. When things don't always go how you want them to that you can start to get better at the Basics.

