CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-06-19T19:52:44.000Z
Duration: 128 min
Otter ID: vc7DGcEAoFWOHnteUJDRMkEAC8w
---

[0:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Whoo, whoo. I'm excited today. I'm stirred up, I'm fired up. I'm ready. Who's ready? Who's ready to go? Live on zoom here. Share to the CG. salaried or group. All right. Well, hello, everybody. Welcome, welcome. Welcome in today, I'm excited for today's training. And this is going to be a training that you're gonna want to write down and you're gonna mark it in your memory as one that you're going to probably go back to a few times to review it and remember it because what we're going to cover today is so instrumental for your success. And we're going to be breaking it down from multiple perspectives, we're going to be going over how to break past a lot of the overwhelm, we're going to be going over some very specific sales copy strategies. Today, we're going to be going over some very specific ways of getting your your campaigns to be more profitable for you to feel better about your launch, so that you can feel confident and not worried that you're gonna lose money, or waste time. And I'm going to show you a very strategic way to shrink the amount of time that it's going to take for you to actually get everything accomplished. How does that sound today? That that I've been, I've been really spending the last last week. And Dana, you really inspired me, I'll tell you that you really inspired me on this as like, you know, I see. I see for you, Dana so much that you can create, and finances that you can create. And there's just a few things that that I think today is gonna gonna unlock and help with that. Okay. I'm just emotion about that for the, for the reason why am I emotional right now, it's because I truly, truly care about the success of this group. And, you know, I saw, I saw posts on social media. It was like, you know, anybody telling people that they know how to make 10k online and selling it as a program is a scammer, and he's to be shut down? And I'm just like, Yeah, well, that would be true if they weren't producing results. And so what I want is just for my own integrity, I need to produce results in this group, I need people I need you got like, I need your help to be able to become like a case study, and does that benefit you like, if you make 30 to $50,000 a month in your business, like, you'd be pretty happy about that, and everybody would win. And so like, that's a great thing. And that's what we're gonna be working towards. And I know that it's possible for every single person here, I really believe that in this group like that, that 20 to $40,000 a month income, you can totally reach that. It's totally realistic, it's totally reasonable. And let me just open up some notes here that I have, I'm also going to be I decided to do something brand new that we're going to be introducing into the group that we're going to be introducing into the training here. And so in the members area, when you go into go find the recorded content in the members area. You know, we have these different trainings, we have two brand new courses that we just started this week, wealth, mindset coaching, and successful webinars and funnels, and challenges. And we just finished strategic funnels made simple, as well as the recurring membership profits. So if you're like, you know, which of these courses should I go through, which should I start with? Again, I still recommend everybody start with the six steps to six figures as a coach course. And then check out the landing page blueprint course and then kind of go from there those two, in and of themselves. And then maybe a third would be successful selling for people who struggle to sell to really grow in those sales skills. The only reason why we're not making the kind of money that we want to make in our life, is we need to grow in the ability to sell even in a corporate job, you're selling yourself every single day to your boss. That's why I've been able to, um, I went into a corporate environment and with like, the entry level pay that they were giving me was a six figure salary to work 10 hours a week I got I got paid $100,000 a year, for 10 hours a week working for a University back in 2018, when I had stopped working with my mom, this is one of the gigs that I had taken on. And so like, that was my ability to sell myself to a corporate employer to be able to make that much. And so even in that, even if you're saying, Okay, I want to build a coaching business, or maybe you're in corporate, here's what I want you to do is I want you to increase your income. And I want you to be making more money. And that can come through a variety of different things. What's cool is, as you increase your income income in one area, it reduces stress in another area. And so now we don't worry about well, if this campaign fails, did that cost me so much, because there's more than enough money, there's enough income coming in, to go around. And what I've noticed that a lot, again, a lot of my clients who have been the most successful is they did have some kind of an income source that was helping fund the stuff that they're doing. And so if you're coming here today, and we're saying, Hey, I don't know how to finance this, I don't have the finances to be able to do it. That might be one area to look at. Now, something that I'm going to start doing here with the accelerator, is, I'm going to be giving you my preparation notes for all of the talks that I'm doing whenever I do a training. So these are preparation notes that I went through, along with Chad GBT, and kind of mapped out what I was going to talk about today, you'll be able to review these, and it's gonna remind you about what I talked about. So I think that that's going to be a great resource for you. Okay. All right. So all of that's in the members area. And I reiterate this each time, there's no reason and it's totally okay. But like, like, like, you have way more access to the resources you need than I think you guys realize. The Facebook group of the client growth accelerator alone is one of the greatest resources that you have in your your business arsenal, being able to go in there ask questions. And the more specific you get with the question, usually a the faster response you'll get, I've noticed that the more vague a question is, it takes me a little bit longer to get to, because I'm trying to process okay, what is this question mean from all these different angles? So the more specific your question is, the quicker I can just go in and give a quick response. But I always do respond to except I miss Dana by a week and a half I want to her post. I do apologize, Dana. I'm sorry for that. But my goal is to respond like within the week, to any questions that come in there. And so you'll always get a response and some good direction. And it's sometimes it's about, I noticed Elizabeth wells did this really well, going back and forth in the group about certain things that really helps and so utilize that as a resource to you utilize it, selfishly utilize it to where you're like, don't feel afraid to take up too much of my time, or to give a silly question or things like that. And that's one of the number one things that I wanted to talk about right now to start this talk, is that one of the biggest pitfalls that stops us from success in our business is we allow other people's opinions to dictate our actions decisions. Now, I'm not going to be talking about that right now. But I'm going to talk about that a little bit later on. And I did a podcast episode this week, over on the Grow Your Life podcast that I would highly recommend that you check out hold busting self doubt and criticism in business. This is a powerful episode that I did actually did it on the treadmill and I got I would say, I got like, really kind of amped up and heated while I was doing it. But I was passionate and I started crying. And it was it was probably one of the best podcast episodes I've put out there. And so I would recommend just checking out this podcast, make sure that you are plugging in with the podcast. It's all about just not letting the judgment from others and the doubt and the criticism and others opinions stop us from success. And the podcast is a great resource for you to be able to grow there's so many different strategies that are taught each lesson is like its own kind of mini 26 minute course if you got 15 to 25 minutes. These are great for you to pull up into listen to as a resource for you. as well. I would encourage you to follow me on on my social media on all the social media platforms that are out there.

[158:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: I make posts that are specifically challenging it for people that are, are part of our group that that thumbnail is a little weird right there. But like this one, just say no to perfection. And I go into details about that I go into tips on like, what do you need to identify to make the most amount of money in your business? How to Earn the maximum amount of money is helping people believe that what you offer will make their dreams come true. Most coaches are scared to do this, because of their fear of disappointing their clients and have to settle for peanuts, or quit altogether as a result. Okay, so my Instagram is just a great resource for you to be able to get some quick guidance, and I'm gonna give you I'm gonna just, I'll tell you something, I don't respond to DMS. I'm on Facebook, I try not to respond to them on Instagram, but sometimes I do respond to them on Instagram at all just depends, like if you're replying to a story.

[176:12] Speaker 0: I'll reply back, because the algorithm tells me that that's actually good for my content to do that. And so you can also utilize the Instagram to be able to ask me questions, and work through stuff as well. This Instagram is really an offshoot of what we do here in this group and something that you can also look at and see as a resource for you to access. So just keep that in mind. Follow on Instagram, there's a lot of value there. Okay.

[183:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's what we need to do. Now, this is where I'm going to kind of start today's training. I've already kind of been giving hints of the training so far. But we have to choose, no matter how weird it feels. No matter how much our logic brain tells us. This is not right. This is not truthful. This is not accurate. I'm framing that in a way of like, that's what automatically happens when we talk about this topic usually is we have to choose between having an abundance mindset and a lack mindset, a scarcity mindset. And you can have an abundance mindset, even when you have $1 in your bank account. And I think that understanding that that an abundance mindset is not contingent on what you have or possess. It's a place of gratitude and gratefulness for all the resources that you have. And you have more resources at your disposal than just the dollars in your bank account or the time in your day. Right. That's another resource right now, we have a lack of time. One is overwhelm, if we say that we're overwhelmed, that comes from a, a lack mindset of it's too much, I don't have the capacity to handle this. And listen, I'm gonna pause here that might totally be true. Like right now, you might not have the capacity for more. See what I'm saying? Like, like, there's a blend of the reality. I don't have the capacity for more. Right now my time is very limited. And so we're being honest with ourselves about the resources that we have. But we come from a belief stance, that a how things are today is not how they are always going to be. That's one belief is starting to have a vision for your future expanding. And instead of feeling like I'm stuck, and I'm trying to get out of a prison, realize that each day, more abundant resources are coming into your life. And you have way more than you realize just the accelerator alone. Again, I mentioned this at the beginning is a massive Goldmine that most of y'all aren't utilizing 5% of the value of to get a return on that. And so I would love to just see more questions in the group. More feedback, don't feel afraid to reach out and ask a question. I'll direct you as to how to do that. You know, we've had some group members, they'll DM me and then I'll say, hey, let's post that in the group. I'll redirect it, it's fine. But I want you to realize that like you might not have the enough time today. But you have all the time and resources that you need to accomplish the dreams that you have. And when we can realize that when we can start to become present to the present moment. While having a vision for the future. This is where most people get stuck is they have a vision for the future. Then they start comparing themselves to other people's lives that are like that, and they start to complain and feel disappointed and have sent internally that they're not there yet already themselves. And that's a natural thing that happens. That's, that's how us humans are. There's even something in that that helps motivate us to do you know, when we see somebody else succeeding better at us and we're like, hey, I can beat them. Like, it motivates me to go out there and to say, Okay, I'm gonna give it my best because I know if they can succeed I can. I mean this in the best way but like, my clients that I worked with Sandy Krakowski, Danny Johnson, Rick Pino. All three of them have told me like, you're so smart, you're so intelligent, you could make way more money than we can. And yet I look at my bank account. I'm like, why am I not making more than Danny Johnson did or Rick Pino or sandy Rakowski. today? Well, those are areas that I need to actually grow in to where I'm limiting myself based on my own lack mindset, victim mindset. And these are little limiting beliefs where I end up coming up against each day. And sometimes the limiting belief could just be that, you know, well, how can I have an abundance mindset when everything is going wrong for me, when I've never experienced abundance, when I don't know what that's like, you know, that's easy for you, Jeremiah, because you've been around a lot of abundant people, I'll tell you this, it is important to change who you hang around. And it's important to start to talk with and hang around and be with people that also have an abundant mindset, because you will be dragged down to the average of the belief level of most of the people that you spend the most time around. And that can also include podcasts, one of the ways that I actually shifted my mindset that has worked. And it's been effective, as I started listening to consistent podcasts of people that were way further ahead of me on their journey financially, to start to recognize how they process information, how they think about things, how their mindset is wired, and every single one of them says this, that they, they, you have to be present grateful. And realize that you already have all the resources that you need, and start to be thankful of like, like, Thank you, that I have all the resources that I need, I am so grateful. And you know, for me, I direct that energy energy to God. And I say, God, thank you for giving me everything that I need to reach that goal, you put this vision in me not just to tease me, not just to take me a little bit of the way. But that I have everything that I need and that you will supply and that you not only will but have supplied already, all of the resources to help me reach those goals. And I truly believe that that is how my wife and I were able to buy the house that we were just able to buy, we thought was gonna take us three to four more years to be able to and I started walking in this abundance mindset about a year ago. And immediately our coaching program grew. Immediately, I started seeing a vision for the income that I wanted, you want to know what that was funny, as I said, I wanted to make $80,000 a month before August. Well, I missed that. By $10,000 is we brought in 70,000 in sales that month, and my revenue was was 40,000 in that month. And so I saw my revenue was half. And we had sold 70,000 and coaching of the of our of our 2k package, I believe it was like 35 people signed up at that. So like that was amazing. Like that was $70,000 in new business that we generated. And we have a ton of people here today that are still a part of the program that joined at that time. That was back in August last year. We're now a year in this cycle. And I've seen an acceleration of every thing in my life our baby was born. I think that that was a big factor. And I had to learn, how do I operate with 1/3 of the amount of time that I that I had before and to accomplish more. And so in that it was realizing that I have all of the time that I need that instead of verbalizing. I lack the time. I lacked the resources, I lacked the motivation I lacked the skill set. I lacked the knowledge, we got it, we got to start to become aware of, of how often we we speak this stuff out there. We got to start to become aware of how often we declare and we need to reflect on this internally. We need to look at this where we declare what we don't have. I used to justify this and it was one of the number one reasons my mom and I I had the biggest conflict. And the biggest fights when I was when I was working with her as CEO of her company, and oh, so it's probably one of the root reasons why she she fired me in 2018 is I was always had the had the lack mindset. And I said, Well, I'm just being realistic. I'm just being reasonable. I'm just being realistic. I'm just being logical. This is what I see. And I'm not going to be deceived. But by what I hope I used to pride myself in seeing things for how they are, and not some fantasy, okay, so that's great. And that's awesome. And oh, by the way, I still am that way. But I've added into that on top of it, this abundance mindset. And that's where it becomes fuel on the fire, because I'll see things for how they really are. But I can also see clearly where I'm going. And I fully fully know and believe, with confidence that there is nothing that will that will stop me or prevent that. And so when I launch an offer, when I write copy, we just launched another offer this morning that we that we just finished. We just finished it over the weekend.

[340:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: To get more clients and our and our latest offers that we've been putting out there have been very successful for us, this is the new offer that we're doing. It's this Saturday, get more coaching clients with paid advertising, and AI. And so this is my offer right here that we're going to be promoting with Facebook ads, to reach people. And you'll notice again, there's a style and a cadence to this, I'm going to go into that here a little bit as to why these offers are converting so well for us. And what you can take away to apply right away for yourself, okay. But we have to start to see clearly what is possible for us. And what that what that starts with it starts with visualizing it. It starts with embodying the mental state of the outcome that you want, as if it has happened already, as if it has already happened for you. And and this is where I was the most skeptical for years. I was like This is silly. Like what does that do? What it what it does is, and Dr. Joe Dispenza teaches this better than anybody else. Very simply, your brain starts to wire itself towards where you you mentally focus. And so in the beginning, if you start to mentally focus on something that's not your present reality, it'll feel very weird. It's like conflict conflict, this isn't really what's going on, and it will almost feel cringy and you won't want to do it. And it won't feel right. But if you can look at okay, this is where I'm going. And we start to write down and we start to get really clear and and consistent about talking about by the way, what what is this that I'm drinking, this is HTO if you're ever in Texas, this is the best tea right here that you can get. It's amazing. This is a peach, Ginger unsweet tea. It's some some green tea right here that I'm drinking and I love it. It's unsweetened. And it tastes so good. You have to embody the mental state of where you're going and, and visualize the life that you're going to live. So this was the other thing that I started doing. As I started to visualize what life I wanted not not an income goal, but the type of life that I wanted. And today, like as of today, I'm living in the vision that I visualized 12 months ago, the exact vision that I had, like, everything is starting to fall into place in that way. But now it took 12 months. And I didn't see it for like nine months it coming together. But it's all now come together. And what's funny is it'll happen for you very quickly when stuff starts to lock in. It's like doing a Rubik's Cube and it locks in. And then you're finally at that place. You're like, wow, this is everything that I prayed for. This is everything that I hoped for. This is everything that I had been working for so hard. But in the beginning, it can be hard because we become skeptical because what we see with our visual eyes is different than what we're imagining up here. And so that conflict, we have to be able to control our mental state, it'll start to wire our brain in that direction of how to actually get there. So then what ends up happening as your questions change. And this is really the biggest key is the questions that you ask start to shift out of trying to just play survival and into how can I propel things forward, the words that you use to even communicate with your prospects and to and to sell, because you start inviting people into that vision with you. So your vision needs to actually be big enough for all of your clients to fit their visions inside of. That's one of the biggest things when it comes to a coaching training thought leaders business is your vision needs to be this pool. That is so big. So almost grandiose. So kind of crazy, that all of the clients that you're going to attract are going to fit into that. And then you're going to end up tightening up around what are they really wanting? What are they really desiring? Where are my clients stuck, and how can I help them reach this goal and get that result. And that starts by not letting other people's opinions of you stop you from success, not letting the way that people tell you, you should be managing your time, or you should be with your family, or you should be with your finances, or you should be with your business, unless it's a mentor or a coach or somebody who is further along than you are and has a track record in the area that you want to grow in, okay. And I wouldn't take all of the advice from those people either just in the area that you want to grow in. But we have to silence the opinions, not like we're silencing them, but we're silencing our ability to, like hear them the opinions of other people that come and tell you, Well, you should be doing this or this is wrong or that's wrong. And so like, there's this whole, there's this old thing that was taught in the Bible like a like a full a full rejects correction. But a wise man takes correction. Unfortunately, that can be twisted, too far towards like, not every correction or opinion somebody gives you is really like, worth taking in and listening to. And I struggled with this because I really wanted to be somebody that gave everybody a voice to talk. And I didn't want to be somebody that was seen as why I'm silencing their opinion or, you know, especially if it was like a woman that was sharing an opinion with me, I didn't want to be the male that was silencing a female voice out. And like I was so sensitive to this, that it was sort of making me go a little bit crazy, to where I was taking in some very unhealthy opinions that people had that conflicted with the truth that I knew about building my business. And so I was ended up, I ended up talking with my therapist about this. And he told me, you know, when you come up to an opinion like that, we don't need to prove it wrong. We don't need to validate, we don't need to defend ourselves. Just say that you disagree, that you don't agree and then move on. And that's been something really powerful that I've been doing is being okay with disagreeing. I don't need to agree with everybody. I don't need to, like, process everybody's opinion about my business. And I don't need to do everything perfect. It's okay, if I make a mistake. You know, we sent an email out this past week that had the wrong link in it. And, and two months ago, I would have probably beaten myself up mentally about it. I was like, oh, oh, well, gives me a chance to send the link again, I didn't bother me this time. And that was a place that I've grown to, that I've grown towards to not be afraid of having to do everything right, having to make sure that everything is right and in the right order. And this is one of the biggest things that stops us from being able to visualize our success from being able to have an abundance mindset because we sometimes we can become attached to who I want everything to be right. So then when we're when we're talking about visualization, the visualization is not quote unquote, right? According to what we see with our eyes, have any of you experienced this to where like, it's not matching up? And so you can't seem to connect the visualization because you're like, I have no money in my bank account. How can I visualize that? I'm a millionaire. Like, that's not right. Okay, good. I'm talking to the right room here because that's how I was. And so what I had to realize is that like, Yes, that's true. However, there's a A lot of power in visualizing and thinking about and even meditating on the future that you want. And it's more of I even started to think of it as a video game. Or as a, a fictional novel, you know, when I read the Lord of the Rings, or I read the three body problem series, by the way, great Sci Fi series, if you want a good sci fi, three body problem and the children at a time, those are, those are two great series. I love sci fi novels. When I read a sci fi novel, I go into another world that doesn't exist, right.

[491:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's very therapeutic and enjoyable for me to go into that world. That's what it's like, when you visualize your future is it's almost more of a form of entertainment. And you can actually get addicted to visualizing your future. This is where a lot of people when they start tapping into this, it can be a root of laziness, when all you're doing is imagining the future and not actually doing the work to get there. And so now, that's where we have to look at how do I need to shore up my time? How do I prioritize what I need to do? Give yourself a time limit for visualization, and really start to go in as if the same way that you would some kind of like a movie or a novel, you know, something I noticed, we had pulled this group before. As a lot of a lot of people in this group. You guys said you don't watch a fictional movies or read any fictional novels. And so in that, it's a weird thing for coaching. But like, I know my mom loved watching the story and fictional stuff, Danny Johnson did, Joshua Giles Rick Pino. And so like the ability to actually be able to imagine a different world and even be entertained by fiction has a direct relation to your success in your coaching business, and your ability to sell. And so that's why like, I frequently give myself time to enjoy fictional media, something that is like really grabs me. And you'll, you'll notice when it is because you'll feel like you found like a soulmate. When you found the type of like fiction that you really love, like when you really find there's a thing that's called soulmate fiction. And it's like, you just feel like you're a part of that world like, like you just love spending time in this in this world. And that's what your visualization will start to become, your visualization will start to become aligned with what is really inside of you. And then that's where your actions will start to follow. Okay. And so what we need to do is we need to be able to prioritize, taking action, not being afraid of making mistakes, not being afraid of losing time. And not being so critical and cautious, to use our time so perfectly as well, I think this is a is a big one is that they're simultaneously two different things. And I broke this down in my time optimization course, I did a whole course where I like went through quite a few of these different different topics about not time management, but it's how to optimize your time. And so that's in the members area here, the time optimization playbook. This is if you're saying hey, I lack time, this one is going to be a real unlock resource for you, I spent four sessions, just really breaking that down, and the transcript is in here too. And

[546:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: trying to think of what to where to go with this.

[549:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: You have to shift out of feeling like you don't have enough time to do the things that you want to do. Because in the grand scheme of things, you can get a lot more done in the next 10 years than you give yourself credit for. And you might say, Well, I'm already 40 or 50, or 60, or even 70 years old. I don't have a lot, a lot of time left this. Listen again. That's true. However, in the amount of time that it takes to really start to create the future that we want, you have plenty of time to accomplish the things that you want. Now this isn't an excuse for laziness. This Sit around, and I'd do anything with it. But I don't think that this group would, would do that, that's what I'm saying is that if you're somebody who you're starting to feel like, hey, I need to get stuff done quick, I needed to work out, I need to do that and you're starting to get anxious about the time that you have is that realization that actually, you have more than enough time to accomplish all the things that you want, and that you're just getting started. And here's another thing, here's a shift. This is going to be a big one. I want you to think about the happiest time in your life, where you felt the strongest, where you felt like everything was going your way where everything just felt amazing for you. And when was that, when was that time where you just felt like you were on top of the world. And then everything kind of started crumbling down from there, when was that time, I want you to realize that your visualization for your next season is going to be beyond how that time was for you. And it's going to feel way more exciting. And it's gonna and you're gonna feel more on top of the world. And by the way, it's part of reality to have ups and downs and ups and downs like this. But what you're going to be able to do is your as as your your low, you're never going to drop as low as your lowest low. And you will always go higher than your previous high.

[585:56] Speaker 0: And if you do drop down, you'll, this becomes the limit to how far you can drop. Okay, so like, for me, that would be losing everything, I would probably lose my wife, my son, my income would be $10,000. And I'd be on the street. Okay. So like, that's the lowest that my life was back in 2011.

[592:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, and now I'm actually at and going beyond the highest level that I've been in my life for vision and all of that. So it's like, part of me is almost feeling like this anxiousness of like, okay, when's the next shoe gonna drop? When am I gonna drop down more, but I told my wife this, and I realized, listen, I have different resources in a support system that I didn't have before. I have a completely different life than what I did before. And so we have to start to realize is that things are never actually going to be as bad as the worst time in your life. They won't know that. Could they be in reality? Yeah, I, you can make really stupid choices. And I can make really dumb choices with my wife and my son and my business and be out on the street, horse. But am I in reality? Am I going to actually do that? No, I'm not. Okay. So realize, like, you're not going to do the very things that are going to get you to the bottom lowest part of your life. Now, you might be saying right now you're sitting here, you're saying Jeremiah, I am already at the lowest bottom part of my life, well, awesome. I know that might sound harsh, and that might sound like I have no empathy. But if you're at the lowest part of your life, you got no much lower to go, Well, you only have pure upside from here. And so that's where it's time to pick yourself up. Start to take risks, because honestly, like you can take more risks when you have less to lose at that point. And realize that it's time to start taking some risks, putting yourself out there and stop being so afraid of how you're going to come across to other people. How people are going to perceive you how people are going to accept you are people going to like you are they going to approve of you, we got to get rid of trying to make other people agree with us and come to our side. And and believe in us the way that we need to believe in ourselves. And by the way, nobody is ever going to believe in you higher than you actually can believe in yourself. I've had people in my life that I thought were believing in me higher than I believed in myself. And then I found a way to lower them in my mind down to my own level of self belief. Because that's what the brain naturally does, but doesn't need any help to do that. That's not something that you intentionally do. And so you've got to increase your level of self belief and what comes through that, that comes by taking action. prioritizing the steps that you're going to take each day in your business and starting to do the things that you commit to and start to keep the promises that you make to yourself. This is about integrity. This is about you saying okay, this is my word. This is what I said that I'm going to do. I've declared it see a lot of the time we're not doing declarations And when we're not doing visualization is because we're afraid to commit to that vision. It's because we're hesitant to actually commit to that vision, because subconsciously, we really know what it's going to take to get there. Here's something that might help you with that. What if you shrink your vision down just a little bit smaller? I know it might sound counterintuitive, it might sound really weird to word it that way. Because it's like we talked about, you got to have a big vision. You know, what I found now that when I, my wife helped me with this, and this is like, this is like, the, she's brilliant at this. She's like, Okay, you want to make a million dollars, she's like, shrink it down and just make just make 50k. Just make 25k Just make 10 sales this month, you don't need to make 100. And I would fight here and I'd say no, no, I want to make 100, I gotta have a big vision. And then I would, I would fall flat and I get disappointed, instead, shrinking it down to smaller and smaller and smaller chunks of activities, and having smaller and smaller milestones along the way. And then starting to really have fun with the process of hitting those milestones more quickly, because they weren't as spaced out, they didn't, they weren't contingent on everything falling into place. And what I realized is, not everything falls into place in the order that I have it in my mind. Not everything in the big picture is going to fall into place, the way that I imagined that it will, and that's okay, that doesn't mean that I'm failed in my imagining, or my imagination. That's where I believe. That's where God kind of moves some stuff around. You know, we plan and God laughs. And he, we move here. And then he's like, oh, here, this is over here. And so we thought we were gonna go over here, but we actually go over here. And that's where the acceleration happens. And the acceleration happens by actually shrinking those goals down to what we can do today, making it small enough for what we can do. Two of the greatest things that you guys can do right now. And that's what I want to leave you leave you with about your sales copy, is starting to really dive in and optimize for the initial section of your landing page. Because this is where, you know, we've done four or five copywriting review calls. This is what determines your Facebook ads, this is what determines the rest of your landing page. And really, when we talk about landing pages and sales copy, we just got to get this dialed in first, and then everything else starts to fall into place. And so I'm going to show you how to easily do this, the way that we have. This is the section I'm talking about this headline right here. And this copy right here. Or it's actually the copy up to the point where you give your bio. Okay? Because here's the thing, all of this, below here was just a reframing of everything else that was above it,

[692:44] Speaker 1: Jeremiah, we can't see your screen. Oh, ah, see, we are paying attention.

[694:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Love it. So it's this section of the landing page that we want to really focus on. And the first, again, the first two lessons of the landing page blueprint course break this down, I'm gonna break it down for you in the next 15 to 20 minutes, I'll kind of like, give you a bird's eye view. But I still would highly recommend you go to the landing page blueprint course. And you go through at least the first two lessons like make that on your list this this next week. The first lesson is 29 minutes. Right here. Hook your audience with a headline. The next lesson is right here. 37 minutes. Okay. And so here's, here's what I'm actually going to do right here for us. Since I already taught it right here. I'm going to copy this into the new 16k engine of of GPT four or GPT three. And watch what it's going to do. This is it's four times the length of what you can normally do is we're going to take these first two lessons

[715:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're going to tell GPT. We're going to put temperature up here we're going to make this higher. Create a detailed outline of all of the steps, lessons, concepts and topics part in the transcript above and then we'll let it go through once an overview of the importance of landing pages so what this is, is this is this is telling me what I actually taught in this lesson. crafting your story, the crucial elements of it the storyline, why it's so important, the call to action and content conversion elements of the landing page. How to Build trust additional landing page comments. Okay. I'm gonna ask it one last thing and then we're gonna go into the lesson there anything you miss that is missing from this list? Based on the transcript, it's comprehensive, however, it's there's notes in the lessons ensure completeness. Okay, perfect. So it says that this is a comprehensive look as to what we're going to talk about here. So I pulled that right here

[739:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, so whenever you write your landing page, I always started with a Google Doc. Okay,

[741:35] Speaker 0: so every landing page that we do starts with a Google Doc and that's why I also will use Jasper sometimes or I'll just use TextEdit on my computer and what I'm doing is I'm using chat GPT to be able to brainstorm ideas for this sales copy so let's go open that up now right here

[747:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: and whatever our our niche or idea is or what we're doing, we're going to have chat CBT analyze the emotion behind what motivates somebody and their business okay so what somebody's business that we want to do from here

[753:55] Speaker 1: their mind Jeremiah night narcissistic abuse

[754:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, can you can you can you talk more about what that looks like? Talk about who your client is what it's for.

[757:37] Speaker 1: Yeah, so a lot of people that are in that situation. So I want to target like professional people, so they have the money to spend so I imagine that the customer would be under control apart from the relationship side of life. And and they're probably struggling with being trauma bonded. They're struggling with rumination. They're struggling to move on. They're struggling to reclaim themselves they may have that they're definitely suffering trauma

[768:38] Speaker 1: Okay, PTSD type symptoms.

[769:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so one of the first things that we want to do Do we have a topic for your offer

[772:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that's okay, that's where we're going to start all right. So we're going to do is here's how I would here's how I start this as I go through the chat GPT prompts

[777:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: and the ones that are under sales copy they're the ones that are in the bigger letters here

[782:05] Speaker 0: I go to this one right here

[784:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: sometimes I'll start with this but yeah, let me start with this one actually, since we don't have that

[788:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sam going back up and I'm editing it above so that it clears what's below it when you do that. Take control of your life break free from trauma bonding, feeling stuck emotional quicksand that keeps you digging deeper. So obviously I don't really like a lot of this copy, but it's going to give us direction to start to list out the pain points right here

[797:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: we're gonna start to figure out, hey, is this accurate? We want to start to become critical now of chat. JpT when we type this in as Is this accurate? Do they feel trapped in an unhealthy possibly abusive relationship? Currently they struggle to reclaim their identity, they fear that a simple webinar won't provide enough insight, they might worry about privacy or anonymity. Okay, so all of this is ideas now for what we're gonna make this about. So if I go through here, I'm gonna grab this one. This is sales letter questionnaire, questions struggling with trauma bonding, and they feel trapped in an unhealthy relationship. When client was in a relationship for years, they break free from that it helps clients understand strategies for breaking free

[816:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what I'm gonna pull up the, the outcome. So the bold promise is that with active participation and commitment, while the progress might be slow, it'll start them on their journey and that they're not alone. So that's your bold promise, right? There is kind of they're not alone. That's really the value of why people want to come to you is they feel like they have somebody in their corner to help them. So that's a big part of that value right there. Okay, so now what we do is we're gonna go through this, why am I generating all of this and not using it, some of you might wonder why it's training chat GBT on how to and we're steering it in the direction of what type of output we want it to give. So the reason why we asked all this, but I'm not really even concerned about what it's telling me or reading it is because I, we're only using it to steer our next step, we're having it generate certain output to be able to frame the next phase of where we're going. Now, the next phase, where we're going from here is and this is one that I probably need to put in here, do I have them here. Now see, I don't have this one America, generate 20 possible names for a live seminar about the above that will help a group of people with the problems above to reach a solution. Anchor these titles around the outcome or result they will get. So now, this becomes names for events that you could run, or courses that you can create. Okay. And this process that I've done here, is almost boilerplate. You can follow it exactly in the order that I did it right here. So I need to rearrange some of these so they go in that order. Let me add this prompt right here. They just did generate names for your brain seminar, or webinar or five day challenge. So that's doing it it's going to be generating like ideas for different names. So which one of these do you like?

[860:15] Speaker 1: I really liked the unleash your inner Phoenix type title thing. Phoenix. I think I saw something because I've done this before as well. And I quite liked it. Okay, Phoenix Rising Yeah, quite like that.

[864:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: So now we're going to host an event called Generate 20 possible headlines in a similar style, or format to the template below. But make sure the headlines are about the topic above template. And so now this is where I would go through and take a few landing page headlines that you like you could take this one we could try it we could take pretty much any landing page template and have it it'll it'll that whatever you put here. Existing headline, whatever you put here and replace existing headline with will be a template but it'll be based on the Phoenix Rising one okay?

[882:33] Speaker 2: Okay

[883:02] Speaker 0: proven techniques to overcome trauma bonding and reclaim your life to regain your freedom and start enjoying fulfilling relationships. See Oh that's really good. Yeah, let's see how it's writing the headlines in the same way that we talked about that you do it specifically around we talked about an outcome and then we talked about a problem that they might be experiencing. And so then what you want to do is you want to pick maybe 112 or three of these and you can tell it can you combine these into the ultimate headline so like what are a couple of these that you like now?

[892:32] Speaker 1: I think I like the first one okay, let me see

[895:18] Speaker 1: there was one number for proven solutions Congresswoman regain yourself so you can attract help. I think that bold promise has to point towards the transformation which will be healthier relationships. So that's four and there was one there but constant rumination.

[901:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lock freedom with proven techniques, overcome trauma bond and conquer heartache and regain your true self. Connection say goodbye to constant ruminations emotional manipulations regrets itself playing. Yeah, again, like that's, that's a run on sentence. But when it comes to sales copy that works really well is when you have like a whole block of like, who it's for what it's for. And that's just at the beginning part underneath the title of what you do. Now, I have two of them here. Because you don't need to have the this one like I do, the reason I do is because we get a lot of the wrong type of people, unless I have this at the top here.

[911:55] Speaker 1: In my sudden in my sub niche, I could say this is not for people that want to stay victims. This is only for people that want to invest in them. You know, because I really don't want people that don't that want to just stay in victim mode? Because I think

[915:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: we can even in this round where we have it rewrite that section right here. Potentially survivors, warriors, brave hearts, individuals seeking change, through uncover the secrets to regaining. This is specifically designed for individuals struggling with trauma bonding, if that's if that's not you, please do not register if you're looking for. I guess this part doesn't make sense. But yeah. So these are ideas for how you can start that section. So that's the first section. That's really kind of the most important.

[924:43] Speaker 1: Yeah, so in that, in that first section, you're calling out their pain points. But you're also talking about the the transformation destination. Yeah,

[927:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's, that's before they ever scroll anywhere further, because here's the thing. Even if they're not reading this whole sentence, their brain is going to subconsciously find and pull out certain words that are going to trigger the action to read further down the page. Most people never actually read this whole headline here, but their brain pulls out the words that they need to read.

[933:07] Speaker 0: So that's a very, like, you know, it violates most of the laws of writing, but it's really good sales copy. Okay, so now here's what I do is I'll take this, we're going to take all of this as context info.

[938:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Actually, let me just take this right here, which should be fine. Yeah, we can do it in here. So this is our expert sales copywriter prompt I do this one first because it reframes it and how to write a good sales letter

[943:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then I paste this one right here.

[944:52] Speaker 0: And then I have a third version of it that I'll do after this. That writes it specifically for people that fit into who you said it was for. And that seems to be creating some really good copy as well.

[950:06] Speaker 1: This is so good.

[950:27] Speaker 0: Are you tired of feeling stuck with the emotional Whirlpool? Caught in the cycle of trauma bonding, that seems almost impossible to break? You find yourself ruminating, I get it. I've been there too, just like you I was struggling with toxic ties and trauma bonding felt trapped. Okay, so there's this whole thing that here's the one where it's kind of like it's more in my mom's language. Yeah, you're sick and tired of the relentless cycle of trauma bonding, you know, the one that keeps you spinning in circles stuck on the hamster wheel feeling utterly helpless. Now, here's where we're going to be fun. Rewrite the above sales letter, but Do it in a tone for people like the following how they would talk, and what language and words would connect with them. And we're gonna paste this right here. Oh, that's really good. Yeah. battle weary from trauma bonding. Is your spirit heavy worn down by relentless battles? Are you fed up with the constant emotional turmoil?

[966:51] Speaker 1: Yeah, cuz it's a warrior language, and then you're calling like the hero in them. So that's really good. So

[968:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: that that even kind of fits what you're doing. Yeah. In a way right there. So now, we have the two sections of your landing page that are really the most important as we have that headline. Yeah, that we developed. We have this headline right here. Yeah, that's copy right here. And I'll tell you, every single one of you can take this process that I just went through, I'm probably going to clip this and put it on YouTube. You can take this process in order.

[976:12] Speaker 1: I'm gonna get off right then before somebody else gets this off. Right. So no, yeah, yeah, yeah, actually, my copy this. So I went on Friday, Jeremiah, I went from my brand photo shoot, I got loads of photographs sign, so I've got the photographs. I've gotten a copy. So there's no excuse No, for me to get this out there.

[980:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. And so I'm telling you, all, each of you, each of you go through the different prompts, like we did. And see what kind of output it is. Now, here's the thing, if it's not sounding like what you want, right? You can fix that you can correct it. So that's where like, you could say, like, let's let's, let's shift this. And let's say, I want to specifically make this for men with narcissistic mothers, and wives who struggle, struggle with self esteem, but have a desire to build a business and increase their income. Okay, rewrite this, like this. So you can correct it into the perspective that it did. Yeah, because of all the data that it has above right here, it's able to really quickly shift your language. So good, because you feel like you're forever standing in the towering shadow of your mother or harsh words and in criticism.

[997:32] Speaker 1: Yeah, this is so good. There's so many sub niches kind of within. Yeah,

[998:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you do rewrite the above for someone who is leaving poor corporate America and needs the confidence to build their own business after an abusive workplace.

[1002:52] Speaker 1: Oh, so good. That's really good. And then I could sell on the

[1003:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: corporate chains, even walking the daunting corridors were workplace abuse leaves you scarred believe me? I know the struggle. The weight of the

[1006:34] Speaker 1: sin management. Yeah.

[1007:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. And so yeah, they incorporate if it goes unchecked, the narcissist becomes the CEO. That's right. So if it's unchecked, that is the goal. As that's like the end result right there. But yeah, it doesn't. I'm glad we're like living in a world where that is not going unchecked. I always found myself coming head to head with these narcissistic personalities and they would just like demonize me yeah.

[1016:11] Speaker 1: What happens in corporate then in corporate what happens is all the flying monkeys band together to support the the abuser and the abuser gets the kind of like all band together against the person calling them out. Yep. Yep. Happened to me, actually. Yeah,

[1019:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: webinars about dealing with the flying monkeys in corporate.

[1021:30] Speaker 1: Yeah, this might be really good on LinkedIn landing page. But this might be really good offer to run in link LinkedIn, because it's, there's a lot of,

[1024:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, this is weird. It's, it's, it's creating the landing page copy. It's treating the landing page code. I mean,

[1027:01] Speaker 1: there's nothing this can't do.

[1027:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So like, once you start to do it, it'll start to put together a lot. This is great. Are you grappling with the invisible chains of manipulation and gaslighting in the corporate world?

[1030:00] Speaker 1: That's so good. Yeah.

[1030:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we started with kind of your idea, and then we were able to kind of tune it and steer it in a different direction, but it still has a lot of power behind it. Now what I would do is if this was the offer you're doing, I would start back from the beginning and do the prompts again, from the top. So I would take this and then I would literally go back through all the same prompts that we did to get here. And I'll tell you this, just just full disclosure. I do this all day long. Just for fun. I create fake landing pages and offers and I like and it helps me just like understand our chat G btw works and stuff like that. So these will be the pain points victimized and overlooked due to office politics, lack of self confidence, because of constant undermining. So by breaking that down in that it's almost like we're we have, we took this like flower of an idea that you had, and we opened it up, and the flower opened up. And that's what all these are, these are like the petals of the flower. And then we planted a seed with another idea. And now we're opening that flower up by asking more questions again, that's kind of a visual even of this, like flower and sort of seed pollination thing. I don't know, that was an idea that just popped into my head. But

[1049:34] Speaker 1: yeah, is it really is because there's, within within the niche, there's sub niches, I mean, you could run these two offers at the same time to different target people. Totally.

[1052:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: You could actually sell the same coaching program. And yeah, it would be cool for both actually, that's it. And that's where you can kind of brainstorm different ideas for how to like, package your offer. So that's where even I would go back here. What are 20 possible other ideas or sub niches related to the above that I could package my offer and do some webinar topics on? And you could ask that CPT this and see different ideas, dealing with corporate and business surviving a miss controlling work? Okay, so yeah, it's only pulling the word.

[1064:12] Speaker 1: Cuz it's referring to the bit about, it's

[1064:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: not reading all of this. So that's where again, if you, if you have the API, Jonathan can help you with this as well, because she has access to the API. If you have the API, though, you could actually go in and take a much bigger chunk. That output wasn't doing what I wanted. So I'm going to put it right here. And I'm gonna see if I can get a better outcome 20 possible sub niches based on this? Over 9000 tokens, I thought so so we're going to have to go to the turbo 16k. I think everybody might actually get access to the turbo 16k for free. Well, it's not free. You could so y'all tell me if you get the turbo 16k. Because this is a huge one, as it gives you more text that it's going to use as context. It's 3.5. It's not GPT, four, but it's right, it's right here, they charge you for how many tokens you use. So you put a card on file, and you set a budget limit, and then they'll charge you up to that point. I've been doing this all day with the Turbo 16k For the last week. And so we've been using about $8 here, $2 here, $5 here. So I mean, it's not cheap, but they charge you for usage. So what it is, is the 16k is chat, GBT only has a 4000 token, look back. Now what that is, it's how many tokens it will look back on the page. A token is about four letters. Okay, so tokens and LLM, if I just if I pull up like what a token is, it's a fundamental unit of measurement. So this is a token each different color as a token. So 39 characters about 10 tokens. And so that's how the language model is so. so fast that what it does, is because it tokenize is everything. So with this, the 16k gives you 16,000 tokens. 16k Turbo is not as smart as GPT, four GPT. Four is a lot smarter. I have the GPT four API right here, they don't give you this, you have to apply for it. But they should give you the 3.5 Turbo 16k. And the reason why is you can put a much I can put a two hour transcript in here and have it summarize it for me now. So it just gives you longer context that you can use for your output. So for instance, if we copy like this whole page here, and we told because it was too many for GPT, for there was too many tokens. GPT four, said when I tried to do it with GPT four, it said maximum token limit is 8000. This was 9000. So I either had to delete some from the top or delete more from the bottom. That's why it was 16k. We could do a longer context here. So building healthier work life balance overcoming impostor syndrome. managing stress, better communication for their career, unleashing leadership potential how to network better embrace it. And so all of these could literally lead to a program that could be based around whatever your topic is, it's really about was what I see here is what your offer is, as you're helping people get back into the leadership driver's seat of their life, and be the leader they were born to be. Because people stopped them from being a leader.

[1127:36] Speaker 1: Yeah, because you know, I really wanted to resell your package as my 5k offer. Or like, a higher, I was gonna have like, maybe a six, a 600k offer, and then like a three, four or 5k offer. And so maybe I should start off instead of targeting who I thought I was going to target. Maybe I should, maybe I should focus more on the business, like less here and see how that goes. Yeah,

[1133:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe. Let me see what TPT for says if I shrink the token length, by delete a few of these. So the idea is that GPT forgives are breaking free dealing with narcissistic leaders conquer and thrive how to build a business, after leaving a toxic workplace decoding, gaslighting, navigating toxic politics, so you're looking at a lot about just even communication skills and how to create that safe environment for people. Is what we're dealing with here. Those will be different ideas for for hooks and offers that you can do. So for your landing page. Again, just to break this down. What we've been talking about is this section of the landing page, the the text right here, what you call your offer, and then this initial section of copy of this, like, what they're going to learn what they're going to get out of it. This is the storytelling section that really pulls them in, that's the most important part to focus on. That's the most important part to put your energy into. And you can get that done in as little as 15 to 30 minutes, just going through the process of what we did. And then maybe come back tomorrow, edit it for 30 minutes, come back the next day, edit it for 30 more minutes, do that three to four days in a row and you'll your sales copy will be dialed in. So that's what I do is I'll write the copy, and then I'll leave it for a day. And then I'll come back to it and sort of edit it make some changes. And then I'll come back to it again the next day. And it's usually a three to four day process where I feel really good about the copy. I just wrote a sales letter from my mom, utilizing that exact same process of like, okay, going back looking at it coming back and forth. And then really dialing that in this is this is the sales letter right here. Dana knows a little bit about what this is. I live in Austin, Texas, accelerate your wealth building journey, turn your financial dreams once and for all. Do you feel stuck in a never ending cycle of struggles and limitations? So I wrote this sales letter using the process that I just showed you. Just now, because this is the most important part of the sales letter is all of this right here. That's what determines your Facebook ads, it determines your targeting and determines pretty much how you attract the right clients for you. And so the lesson for today was just kind of how do we shift from realizing, you know, we have all the resources that we need, start to take action start to do the things that you know we need to do. And then a very simple process to kind of kickstart you in the right direction. And hopefully that got a few of y'all. If you're watching the recording, you're on here live got you unstuck or anything like that. So we're going to take some questions here. anybody's got some questions? She has a question prop sheet.

[1177:45] Speaker 3: I must have been reading your mind.

[1178:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sheet. Yes. How are you doing? How are you? Good, good. Good.

[1180:08] Speaker 3: So yeah, the call you had on Saturday was life altering for me because I was able to figure it out. I was like, oh, that's what he's doing. You know, the course is that's what he's doing. It's yeah,

[1183:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's what I what I said was that a lot of my like free stuff that I put out there. Those are what we used to sell like many 47 and $97 courses, but I'm putting them out there just as like free courses to attract people to the main program. Now the goal is, is that I will shift to a paid model where they won't be free in the future. And the free stuff will be all automated. And then people can pay for kind of a next level. That's where that's where I want to get to right now. But I'm just really dialing in stuff still. But it's profitable for me. So I'm like, I don't want to stop doing what's bringing in the most of course, that's wrong. That's what I'm saying. I'm not really like I'm not stuck. I'm just, I'm finding that the more that I dial this in, the more money I'm making. Once that peaks out, that's when I'll go like evergreen with it.

[1196:33] Speaker 3: That makes complete sense. I have a quick question for you, which is this so I'm getting people that are that are joining us and are interested in so I'm using a different kind of a model In a sense, I'm bringing them to a Facebook group and then and then and then entering them into our challenge. Does that make sense? But some people are interested in our end offer, and they weren't. And they just joined the group. So, you know, and so and so there. So I guess the question is that do I just get them onto a phone call? Because it'd be too expensive. They're not going to opt in into something that they don't even know about yet, is, what would you suggest?

[1207:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, I would make sure that they go through the offer process, you know, I've had the challenge, right? Yeah, I've had 100% of every person who has ever reached out and asked to sign up

[1211:07] Speaker 3: for CGA, you mean?

[1211:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And didn't go through a challenge. They ended up like asking for their money back in 30 days. So it's like, super waste at that point. Like, every single one of them. I noticed, like, they had no buy in as to what the value of the program was, was

[1215:21] Speaker 3: absolutely. Because they had not been great, because they've never been to anything like this, and how would they?

[1216:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right, and so that's why, like, a big part of what I'm selling people on is also showing them what they're gonna get. And so that's qualifying a big part of it. So, no, it makes

[1219:28] Speaker 3: complete sense that makes Yeah, got it. Okay, that. I mean, this has been unbelievably amazing what you're putting you've put together, by the way. And it's like, you know, we said this a long time ago, but it's true and said, it's, it's your mom to point out because things have changed. Right? And AI reciate that,

[1224:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, my goal has been to continue what her and I were doing, and that really helped to really help coaches, mentors, course creators to make the most amount of money in their business.

[1228:13] Speaker 3: And it's so nice to be frankly, honest with you for you to continue it because that's my that's where I learned it all was from your mom. Yeah, I learned you. I'm going to tell you this. And you should tell your mom this. Whenever if you have, I'm sure you talk to your mom. So make sure you get tell her that.

[1232:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I just said I'll be here this week. Justin, Holly. Oh, really? Okay.

[1234:07] Speaker 3: So I wrote copy for a friend of mine. That's a lender. And he now is doing two to three loans. He's He's doubled his business. Wow. doubled his business, but because of the copy I wrote, and every single connection

[1238:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do with my lender, and you can help him do the same. Yeah, sure. Absolutely. Yeah, I'll ask him if he wants. I'll ask him if he wants to connect. And exactly what you just said.

[1241:21] Speaker 3: But I will tell you I learned all of it from your mom. Yeah. I 100% credit goes to your mom, your mom is it like amazing? Unbelievable. A number one copywriter in my mind. She Yeah, the way she I mean I can't see i We don't have enough time on this call and I'm going to take too much time if I were to keep talking about your mom because I love her that much. But you know, but I love and appreciate that you know everything she taught so you see you understand where my brain is. So that's why this is so powerful for me. Whereas other people can't get that so

[1250:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: right totally the and I'm excited to this sales letter that I wrote I sent it to her she didn't she didn't have any major edits to the sales letter so that's validates when I write sales copy for my mom she doesn't have to edit anything usually she'll say oh, like change this word like one word or two.

[1256:17] Speaker 3: Yeah, which does the same thing that might be but yeah, I like I said I learned from your mom and that's why I'm you know, and I'm now teaching my new guy who's a topic would become a really good copywriter like me or like your mom because like I said, I learned everything from your mom but anyways I keep going about if you

[1261:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you have if you got if you got copywriters in your in your people can hire you or hire them. I mean, be sure to post that in the group too. I'm sure some people would love to reach out and maybe work with you from

[1264:00] Speaker 3: here. No, absolutely. If anybody wants a copy I'm more than happy to do it as I you know, I learned for your mom for what 12 years or something crazy. Yeah. It's and she's, in my opinion, the best copy right now. And

[1267:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: we know we got to now we got to get your offers converting to 5g.

[1268:49] Speaker 3: Yeah, well, you know, what's been amazing is my ads are converting I'm getting my ads are doing really, really well. It's like $1 or something per per lead.

[1271:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you Yeah, are you getting the sales?

[1272:31] Speaker 3: So we haven't run the challenge yet. Because I'm getting everybody. We have 100 people now in the group, which is the thing is pretty amazing. At $1 Something a lead dollar 50 a lead. And now people are asking for the challenge for the actual thing, but I'll talk to them about it but still get them into the challenge. I gotcha. That makes sense. Just so that it's in their mind, and they're like there but they're going to I'm going to still throw them in the challenge and that way those people I think will be the best people to purchase

[1279:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then promptly Have I answered your question yet that you had?

[1280:32] Speaker 3: So I'm gonna let you go. I absolutely 100% have thank you so much. Okay, I

[1281:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: couldn't remember if I did or not. So no, no, no, you

[1282:23] Speaker 3: did phenomenally. Thank you so much.

[1283:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know you and I, we could sit here and just talk and talk and talk for hours and hours. days you'll have to let me know when you're in Austin and we'll just get some coffee. Oh 100% We'll do. All right. Michelle Shonda, Shonda Whitworth. And then Michelle. Shonda. Hi, Jeremiah.

[1288:48] Shonda Whitworth: Thank you for this training and everything you do. I just gotta tell you, I am just so excited to be moving. And taking action, I'll tell you that it is the having the experiences. Things make so much more sense. The training makes more sense. Even a barely, like you mentioned that I've barely heavy been touched the training and the resources that you have in the vault. I've mostly been gleaning from coming to these lives and just awesome. My deal is overthinking. And that's what I taught in my intensive on conquering overwhelm. And a lot of the stuff that you're sharing right now about the lack mentality, I was sharing that I was even having the people put in their chat, their new declaration, I have time to accomplish everything God's called me to accomplish in that their declaration. And so I was doing that. But on this last masterclass and the three day intensive I held, I did spend about $650 in ads, I got three, I got 163 new leads in the email, and my total revenue with the VIP and the conversions that joined the membership because I launched a membership thing that I was taking your training and like, yes, this membership resonates with me, I know it's slower. But there's something I can my mind can handle that capacity of this. And my goal was to get five new clients, I got six. And I'm grateful for that. So

[1314:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: that shows you though, like when you set a goal and you start to figure it out, like you'll hit that goal.

[1315:55] Shonda Whitworth: Right. So I did I hit that I'm I did that. And so I was grateful that that came in and covered the ad spend because actually, that was a little, like the little nervous about putting that on the credit card. where's this going to come from? Anyway. But it all panned out. And I'm so grateful for that. So what I wanted to ask you was that I did this was the first time I did convert clients that were I don't know. And that was the first time and I didn't haven't finished the Belford book, I do want to get through that. But converting those cells, I did get some people. And what I did differently this time was I shared my vision of how I'm launching this, and how they get the group they get to come along and be a part of the journey. They get group coaching and a good coaching, right where my one on one rate is like, you know, double that. And, and so. So, in one lady even told me, Oh, yeah, I've been a part of another one. And I don't have access to the person. And so yes, I said, well, that that person is a fabulous coach, if you're with them, I wouldn't, they're like, but I don't have access to them. So, you know, I had access to you. And so that was a that, you know, I'm gonna rock Yeah. And

[1339:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: then over time, you know, you'll you'll pull away kind of some of the access, you'll go to a higher level, you know, I've been thinking about like, how I'm going to do that and transition that the way I see it as is that i That's why I need to start automating my my webinars, because now I'm gonna pull away the access at that level and the only place is going to be in CGA. But in the beginning, I found by giving more access at that $7 $17 level. That's why I did set the the the boundary that I don't answer questions during the live training. And so if you have a question, you have to join me in the q&a, and I got zero complaints when I shifted into that at all, I so

[1352:01] Shonda Whitworth: here's how I did it. I pretty much did train for that one hour. And I said I have time for one question. And then I would take one and then and then say okay, now we're moving into the VIP you can join and then I did have the upsell. Now where I did have some problem is I ran the ads to include Australia, Australia. people email me they were disappointed because I ran it where it was free for live only if you want to replay Then you purchase VIP. And most people were nice, but I did get one snarly one, but but

[1363:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: did you did you leave it up for 24 hours? And then the watch?

[1364:00] Shonda Whitworth: No, I did not stream it it was live. And the reason I did that was to see who would show up live who would invest? Who would you know, what you

[1366:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: might you might do is that's great. You saw that. And then it's just a value add, you can you can send them the link, say, Listen, you got 24 hours to watch it. It's a 24 hour access pass, and then the link stops working and just send that to them. That didn't upgrade so that way at least your message is getting developed.

[1371:22] Shonda Whitworth: Alright, so that's what I was wanting to ask like, do you get conversions from the free other than those that attend three versus just the VIPs?

[1373:56] Speaker 0: Well, here's, here's how I see it from a conversion standpoint, is it's a longer relationship. They may not be a VIP at this one, but they might be at the next one, or they might be next month. So as long as I can get them engaging, and watching, that's a win for me. And then I focus on the VIPs is kind of what I I craft my message around. But I know that because of what I'm teaching, there's people that aren't VIPs that they watched. I mean, I look at the statistics, how many watched the recording for my last one. But 175 people watched it and 24 hours, went and watched the recording explicitly after the fact. So

[1385:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's people like they that's 175 People that and then I got 20 More VIPs out of that, too. Okay, so I am people became VIP, so it was like, it's worth it to kind of give people you want to have that urgency of it's live. But I also like to provide, hey, you got 24 hours to stream this. And then you can and if you do it in zoom, and you just record it through zoom, you can just send the Zoom recording link to

[1393:02] Shonda Whitworth: Okay. All right. So I did limit my I was wondering if I was limiting my

[1394:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: possible I like 24 hour access. I'm on my five day challenge I give access till Tuesday.

[1397:36] Speaker 0: So people could like binge on it over the weekend if they want. Okay, I find that people want to binge watch it from and usually I'll get a few, we'll get a lot of people that they'll watch the recording. And I'll see a spike literally on Tuesday evening, like a couple 100 People like right before I'm about to take it offline, and they go and watch it and then we get VIP upgrades and then they go and they they go to the next level. And so that's it's just it's part of that process. Some people are going to be stragglers, some people are going to take action right away. You want to have boundaries around that. You don't want it to be like to open like you got two weeks to watch it. I wouldn't do that. There's no, I like doing it like a short, one to four days, depending on how much content there is. It's good. Okay. All right.

[1410:23] Shonda Whitworth: That's good to know. And as I was, as you were sharing this, I'm thinking one of the ones that did convert was not VIP. So that is that was so it just came to me right now like, oh, one of my clients that just came home was no P so. So I see that as possible. So that was my main question was that was I limiting myself with not allowing the replay as I was trying to push the live attendance? And because I do pull off of people, when they want to push the live attendance there. They're engaged in the chat. And they're engaged in that. And because I would ask questions and ask them to drop in the chat. So when they're engaged, I help because it really helps me craft, even what I'm saying. And I would tell them that that each one of these even though the subject is the same, every one is different, because of the responses that go in the chat to the question totally.

[1425:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's that's what you tell people, you know, we're not, we're not playing the recording of the same one from last month. This is different work. The content is improving. As we interact with our community, we're getting feedback, and we're doing more research. We're diving into this to bring you even better training, you know, if you join if you joined us one month ago, now at the same time, like not everybody's gonna be convinced to that. But that's

[1432:40] Shonda Whitworth: the case. I got a case study for that, though. She just said it the other night, she said, Because I introduced her and I said, Oh, well, here's one. Here's one of the first cohorts and she and I introduced her because, well, since you introduced me as a veteran, I want to say your content is actually improving. And so I even got that on recordings. So awesome. So all right. Appreciate it. Thank you very much.

[1438:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right. Michelle. Was ski sinskey sinski and I just say Michelle

[1440:54] Speaker 5: P.

[1441:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then let's I want to try to get through these last three questions here in the next 15 minutes, and I gotta get going. Okay,

[1443:12] Speaker 5: mine was really quick Saturday, the link wasn't working. So is that recorded? I'm like, when I went on it said the host is in another meeting. And then I had to like, was on.

[1446:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah. I bet if you tried it, like, two minutes later, probably would have worked. Yeah, probably. Um, but yes, it is recorded. We just got to upload it to the members area. I'll have them do that today.

[1449:53] Speaker 5: Cool. Second question is what you're saying about chat GPT. And stuff, it only holds so much data. So do you copy and paste that into Google Docs, and then just have it so you can like clear the queue?

[1452:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do. Yeah, I do. And then sometimes I'll have it summarize the page itself or create a summary of it. So that's, that's one of the plugins that you can use the the web, the web results plug in, I think that's what it's called web requests. The web request plugin, what you could do is you could take your whole chat GPT could be like really long like this, we take the link. And then you can go into web requests. And analyze the following. And read a detailed summary of each section. And so with the web request plugin, it can kind of shrink it down and summarize it for you, it's going to pull up the page. And this is you can click this little arrow right here and kind of see it working or you don't have to see it working. All you'll see is this this right here, and you have to wait. Generally what it does, though, is it'll load it'll load the page itself. I haven't used this in about a week though. So it might be having some trouble.

[1475:04] Speaker 5: Okay, here's another question. If it's pulling data, say it's pulling data from my company over the last 20 years. And it's like, condensing it and spitting out information based on the question I ask. It feels kind of incestual like, it's looking at all my data and regurgitating my data. So like, how do I ask it to similar data, my company and similar data?

[1482:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: What data are you looking for? Like

[1483:03] Speaker 5: we do I do two questions. We're an E News where I asked my customers questions about our business and the show the live show that we watch, to engage them. So I want to take it a little past what we do. That makes sense. Like, if it's just grabbing all my data, then I'm repeating myself.

[1489:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. Um, interesting question.

[1490:49] Speaker 5: Yeah, I can do that. There's a shone blown away, or I could say, using data from all Glass Studios or something, but it feels like such a small niche that I want to broaden it.

[1493:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's where you could kind of actually ask it that question is like, how do I go beyond some of this data? How do I broaden this? Okay, how do I and I wouldn't even start there by asking chat GPT how to do that.

[1497:29] Speaker 5: It's so weird to like, get your head in the mindset to ask these questions.

[1498:37] Speaker 0: Yeah, why kinda? Alright, cool.

[1499:52] Speaker 5: I need to play around with it.

[1500:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, just just you can ask it, how to help it better for you. So I did this. Or earlier was I had it summarize all the Q and A's that we had. And I had it from that q&a, I had it process through and generate what the main training from today was off of that. So what I'm looking at though, is I'm also thinking about in processing and just my own mind. So this is where it does take some of your like your own empathy, to be able to think about like, Okay, where are these people at? Where are they wanting to go? And that's where you start casting vision and creating vision and creating an idea. And then you can steer? Charge ABTS output outputting. saying, Okay, this is where people are at now. We want to take them over here to this direction. Can you start to come up with some stuff that will go in that direction?

[1515:04] Speaker 5: Yeah, it's a little broader thinking requires a dogwalk to think that one through.

[1516:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. I think about a lot of that, while I'm walking or things like that. So it'll it'll take and but again, you can also ask chat GPT Like, that's why I do like, what are 20 ideas about, like ways that this could go this direction or that direction? And so that's where it can kind of start to come up with ideas, and then that'll usually lead to you having an idea. It's so bizarre memory jogger.

[1524:53] Speaker 5: Yeah, we're so imaginative. And we think so far ahead, that I found very few people that can keep up with that. So to think that, like this robot thing he can do it is just weird. Yeah, kinda.

[1528:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I again, I don't know specifically what you're talking about, as far as context goes of like, how far ahead? Are you thinking about stuff? And what, in what capacity?

[1531:58] Speaker 5: Well, we do this live show, and glassblowing show every Tuesday night. And I engage our customers. So I'm always thinking ahead for like, how do I do sales, like I want to hook them so that they want our upcoming products. But I also want our upcoming products to appeal to them. So an example is we were making mushrooms, which are super cute, but not super appealing to our customers. So if I ask them the right questions, they give me the right answers. I develop the product now they really want it. Yeah. Right? Because we're manufacturing as well as, like, we're coming up with these ideas, okay. It's a product that doesn't exist until we make it exist, right? If they hold my hand and say, I really want that in purple, I'm more apt to sell it than if I just go rogue and make it an orange. I gotcha.

[1546:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So that's where you again, you take, like that feedback that you're getting from people. So you're trying to come up with stuff without people telling you what they want.

[1550:13] Speaker 5: Kind of I'm taking my skill set my team's ability to make product and I'm trying to teach them, like Beanie Babies might be a good example, like, no one needed a beanie baby, but yet they kept creating ones and you want at the next one. So I want to create the next pattern.

[1554:36] Speaker 0: There's a pattern though, with Beanie Babies, if you notice, that's actually it would be a great study for you. It's a great, that's a great one is notice like what was the first like, release? And then how did that evolve? In the next two or three releases? And what direction did they go? And why did they go in that direction? Yeah. Now part of it could be

[1561:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: because I think they started also thinking about like, when it became a crazy market. Financially, they started thinking in that direction before that, they were just creating toys for kids.

[1564:45] Speaker 5: So my customer has like a two year long cycle before they run out of money or space in their home. You know, you only need so much

[1567:47] Speaker 0: kit. So that's that's where I think that's where part of it is. I like the just the process of of even meditating, and thinking about and just visualizing like, you know, what are some ideas I have, and then seeing if something pops in my head. And that happens often for me when I'm either playing a video game playing the piano or going for a walk, things like that. Right? That's what I'm saying some of that,

[1574:46] Speaker 5: that comes. But to put that in GPT. Like, that feels bizarre to me, but I see value.

[1576:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you're still gonna have to use what comes naturally to you for that creative process. And then you can have GPT sort of refine it and give you feedback,

[1579:29] Speaker 5: too. And then that was the question, the feedback is that just it's only looking at my business? How do I expand? Other than my business, I don't want it looking only at my data and giving it back.

[1584:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's only looking at your business if it's in the same thread. Okay. So it's not looking at it across other threads. So that's one thing to realize. It's a fairly unique question I've not gotten before I'll be thinking about it. I know like how I when it comes to courses and stuff, because I'm coming up with what the courses are. But what I'm doing is I'm recognizing patterns and all the questions that people ask. Okay, yeah. All right.

[1592:45] Speaker 5: I think about it, too. I'll talk to you next week about it. All right, Dorothy.

[1598:14] Speaker 0: Your microphones not working Dorothy

[1600:24] Speaker 6: Great. Hi. So I've done two now. And I have done. I've done virtual events to virtual events. So I did a five day, just last week, and week before last. And I did a three days well. So I learned tons from doing both of those. And I think I need to spend more on advertising. So people hang up. But I need spend more time on doing the pre trainings in the Facebook group. I'm really looking at the language I'm using in the emails in the lead ups. So I think I'm getting the initial interest reading page. That's great. And

[1614:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: then then you got to continue that conversation with them. That virtually I think about it as people like stepping into your sort of your storefront or your world and you're walking them. Now you're not physically holding their hand, but you're doing so with the emails, and they can decide to ignore you or not, but the right person will follow along with you.

[1620:02] Speaker 6: Yeah. So I think it's that process that when you get to that point where they've already signed up, it's how you're taking care of them from that point, you know, so I'm learning about that. So I'm playing a lot of catch up with that.

[1623:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's That's exactly. That's what we went over in the friendly follow up course.

[1624:49] Speaker 6: Yeah. Yeah. So

[1625:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that that one, did you go through those lessons?

[1626:00] Speaker 6: I have a minute. But I need to actually be taking notes and action steps. Because I've just left it in the background. Yeah,

[1628:11] Speaker 0: I gotcha.

[1628:37] Speaker 6: Yeah. And it's the kind of, it's how to approach the whole email thing, where I feel that the emails are really me. But I might be using chat GPT, but right, not lost. So one

[1632:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: way that I do that, and this might help you, is I'll have it create an email for me. Yeah, exactly what you need. I have it create an email for me. And then what I will do is I'll open up my phone, and I'll dictate how I would word that email. Yeah, I have it create an email. And then I just dictated my phone how I would word the same email differently. Yeah, then I bring it back in the chat GPT. And I say, Hey, can you forward format this transcript as an email, and then I just edit that. So I'm actually taking its idea that I'm adding my own way that I talk and communicate, and then having it format how I talk and communicate by telling it here's a transcript of me, please format this now as an email. Yeah, that makes it sound like me.

[1644:49] Speaker 6: Oh, that sounds great. Yeah. So

[1645:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was all my mom's emails, too. Yeah. Yeah.

[1646:41] Speaker 6: Yeah. So I'm also getting to the point where I'm going to start filming the yoga program. So I've got the general outline now for the program. So that's really great. And I've got to create the space in a way where it's sort of, you know, really looks professional. So like, sort of buy some more lights and create a nice background and things which is more of a little bit more of a film set. But any, any quick sort of notes on that really creating the space. And you know, like if there's any sort of really good value lights that you would recommend.

[1657:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here in the States, we have IKEA I don't know if you have Ikea,

[1658:03] Speaker 6: Ikea, yeah.

[1658:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Go to town at IKEA. Like so this is IKEA. These are. This is IKEA right here. Just painted the wall behind me. And then I got my easel fun stuff that I liked behind me. If you do that in a larger space, I think you could still find all this stuff you need from Ikea to kind of put it together. They got great lighting, things like that. And then what I did was I Googled, I Googled video game streamers, because that's what I was I was going for. And as I wanted the look of video game streamer, so what I'll do is you'll want to look at what are some sets or recordings that you like that other people would put together and then break down what are the little pieces of their set that they use? Okay. So like for me, this was the inspiration for mine I just typed in video games streamer. And then we go to I went to images and like these were the ideas for my office setting and so it was this just like bright lighting

[1675:54] Speaker 0: really colorful type of type of a thing. Make your video game theme. So like for you, you could do a yoga studio space design. You could look that up and see like different layouts. Yeah,

[1679:54] Speaker 6: cuz also, yeah, the other thing is how to do the the webcam because I tried it in different ways. So for some of it, I was using the computer, which can be a bit tricky just using the computer webcam. And then on the last day of the last one I did I use the iPhone, which was actually better than my computer webcam, but I have yoga friends that have a few different angles and things like that, when they've got posh gear. But, I mean, I haven't got the thing of the different angles, but you know, because obviously the thing is, is sometimes you want to see the whole finger is still there, on one low battery. So and then sometimes it's just, you know, you want to come in closer. So I need to do you know, two different sort of things with that, but

[1694:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: you do multiple cameras is you'll need some kind of a, that becomes a little more technical. And we haven't taught any of that here in this program, just because it's a lot more on the technical side, but you can do it Rick Pitino did it where he you got to get like two cameras, you got to wire them into a switcher the which then goes to a computer that records it and mixes the cameras together. Otherwise, you got to after the fact go back and edit those angles together. And that can be really time consuming. So you'll need somebody, if you can find some really the person who's going to put it together for you. They'll know how to set up the camera angles as well. And so I would just find somebody who's a good video editor that you know, locally that can help you kind of put that together. For me, I mean, I got three of them that are at different churches in the area I could call and they could help set up for me. Definitely a lot of like different different church people there. Usually, they do that stuff on the side, a lot of the church camera people because they do a lot of churches, they do you know, multi camera stuff. So you could easily reach out to I can almost guarantee you this any local churches and just say hey, does your camera guy freelance to help me set up a studio space? And they might not all respond, but you'll you'll definitely probably get one or two that says Sure. Here's his number, because he's like, Yeah, you're not paying them enough. Here you go. Like, that's a great way to find a resource for video is I? It's so funny, but like, yeah, the church media team, all those guys are usually looking for side gigs. Yeah. And you can usually

[1719:44] Speaker 6: sounds good. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Well, I'm excited to be getting on to this point of working on the program. You know, it's really nice. And I've been using otter AI as well. Just for another lunch, I can kind of just be talking about the program, you know, while I'm doing something else. And then

[1724:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: so Yeah, exactly. That's what I mean, it goes back to being resourceful like, you know, we might not have the resource now. But we can get it, we can talk to people, we can ask questions, things like that, you know, that's great.

[1728:15] Speaker 6: Brilliant. Yeah. I've just got one tiny quick thing, which is doing the targeting with the Facebook ads? Do I need to be sort of looking at, you know, how would I approach the targeting? Because I want to sort of, do I just go for lots of different countries? Or do I, you know, how do you approach it with your targeting? And also, who's the type of person

[1735:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: I focus the targeting on more developed English speaking countries? Yeah, have the financial resources to pay for stuff, you'll get a lot of leads from other English speaking countries that aren't like, economically at the level of the UK, or the United States or Canada, and you'll get a lot of leads almost no sales ever. Yeah. So it's like, I mean, there's a great, that's a great way like, for a charity, you can have a lot of impact on people in these different countries. But financially, they don't, we found they just don't really convert for our advertising dollars. And so I just I, mainly most of the time, just to UK, US, Canada, and Australia. I was throwing in the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Germany, France, Spain, Mexico. And that seemed to do well, and we wanted to expand out more as a few other countries that you can go to you could even do. South Korea. You know, it all just depends on like, the economic viability of them being a client of yours at that point.

[1755:44] Speaker 6: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then just sort of putting in in terms of the type of person, you know, so thinking about kind of stressed out CEOs, you know, stressed out moms. The thing about the chronic fatigue Eat syndrome and Emmy and things like that I would love to be helping people, uh, you know, all across, of course, you know, but it's how to, you know,

[1762:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, that's going to be more on your ad copy itself than actually your targeting. You're going to target a kind of a group of people that, yeah, my might fit into that. But then your copy will get specific as to the problem they have. Then, as you build a look alike audience that's going to be more targeted to actually the right group of people for you. So your copy in your ad is more? What determines finding those people? Yeah. Okay, great. You're getting more specific about who you're helping? Yes,

[1771:38] Speaker 6: yeah, yes. Okay, great. Thank you.

[1772:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Hey, Michelle, you've been waiting patiently there. Thank you.

[1773:43] Speaker 7: Hi, I, I just want to say once again, just thank you so much for you opening up this group. As I mentioned, in my last post, I have come so far, it's kind of mind blowing. I don't even feel like the same person as I was when I started, which is crazy, because I think my brain is so locked up, right. So in the last post, I put, you know, I know it sounded heavy. And of course, I was getting all these like Facebook, I care things but really, it was kind of like when you watch Monsters Inc. and Mikey, when they're watching that commercial, his faces cut off. And then at the end, everybody's like, on, and he just like, was awesome. When I had written the post, I was more or less saying, golly, can you see how far I've come? And then everybody else was like, oh, sorry.

[1787:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I used to have I used to have that issue. Where I would, I would do the same thing. And I would make social media posts. And then like, people were like, are you okay? And I'm like, I'm great. I just came out of this crazy season. As I had to learn, like, there's a certain way that like, how the post was worded, I think is probably how it came across that way. And so at that point, it's like, okay, that that's why I'd be great. Like to follow up this week, just about like, how excited and happy you are, and all that type of stuff. Yeah, I

[1795:36] Speaker 7: totally Well, yeah, I'm still learning social media anyway. So it's kind of one of those things, we're just learning how to be there. But um, anyway, so as I said, in my post, I've, I've finally have come up with a copy, I'm sending it off to my, my girl, I have twin girls who had twin boys that they were like best friends with who are like sons to me. And I've started to finally open up and share just kind of where I'm going and what's happening. And he just was like, listen, I would love to just mock up a basic website for you. And then you can go in and edit the basics. So like, so he's got, you know, the copyright now, but I'm excited to be putting that out there. In the meantime, while he's got that I'm gonna be watching all the Facebook ad classes and all that stuff getting ready for the next phase. But and then I have a friend who is going to get on zoom with me so that I can learn all the ins and outs of zoom. But I didn't know if you had a class on Zoom and all the technicals like how to set it up where they can do reactions or where they can, you know, like, I can not have their pictures shared the whole time. Like all that stuff, like how to learn all those things. Do you have a class on any of that?

[1813:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't, but I've had a lot of people asking for it. Okay, um, I will say YouTube might be a better resource just for that. Sure. Just to go on YouTube and type in like what you just said, like, you know, react reactions on Zoom. How to use Zoom reactions type in, you know, how to learn how to use Zoom, I guess I I hadn't really thought to put a whole course together on that, I might need to just do you know, what I might do is I'm like, I don't want to make a whole course in the members area. But that might be some great content to make for my YouTube channel. Okay, so I think what I might do is, I might just make my own little YouTube series on. Because I've done a couple of videos on Zoom, and they've gotten great feedback, like how to run pre recorded stuff on there. So that's like, I feel like it would take away too much from the momentum that we do in this group. Right focus on that, but it'd be probably great for my YouTube channel. So I'll start thinking about that for sure. Okay, well, I was just I just I just had this thought like the stuff that I send people to YouTube for I need to put on my own YouTube channel. I don't even think about the best ideas sometimes myself and we make money so it's like, you don't have to be perfect at it.

[1835:43] Speaker 7: Yeah, well, because you know, you and your mom are always saying surround yourself with the people who you want to become and I don't have a world full of people that I can do that with and so I've been consuming all the all the content I can get out of you and your mom and what resources that you guys have sent me to. And, you know, so I do feel like I have surrounded myself with people, you know, on the road, I just don't have a lot of friendships in person, you know. So it is kind of a different world. But thankfully, you know, you guys have provided all the resources for me. And I'm I and

[1844:55] Speaker 0: you can build friendships online with people too. You know, there might even be people in the in the group you can talk to or just have phone friends, I found that I don't have a lot of local friends here.

[1848:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: It just in my in my own area. But I have a lot of people I talked to the, you know, I got four or five guys, I just call them and we talked about marketing throughout the country. So it's like, kind of building out that that whole, like, global friend group that you can talk to. And what's cool is like they all know each other, too. It's like, we have like our own like little mini mastermind thing going on. Just with just with people that I know. So that's just a great, great opportunity for you as far as to build friendships outside of just your local area.

[1859:00] Speaker 7: Yeah, yeah. But anyway, he just thank you. So so so. So did you have a specific question? It was about the zoom. I was just Oh, I gotcha. Yeah, that's I'm about to be trying to dive into the next step. So perfect.

[1862:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do go over in the automated marketing secrets, a little bit about zoom and obs and how I do the broadcasting and how I automate it. And so that is in there. But as far as like using zoom to do webinars, I think I'll think I'll make a YouTube video on that. It's actually really hard to make a recording with Zoom. It's weird, because it's like a recording of a recording software. So but yeah, all right. Last question here from Dominic. Was that Dominic?

[1871:21] Speaker 2: Hey, Jeremiah, thank you. And it's been a while here, because I was in well, and I'm happy I'm back. You know, I'm trying to work on your bad Mukwege out. Yeah, I'm grateful. I'm grateful. I found a lot of value with that. Plus, I bought the other members area, you know, it's helped me so much. I'm trying to work on a book, The Kingdom intrapreneur, and personal, everything that has to do with the kingdom because of my ministry. bargara. You know, so next month, next week, the 27th, I want to get it launched on Amazon. But I've been told, and from some of the research, I've done that, issues that are to do with plagiarism, if you are using charged GPT. Right, and you cannot use me, they will flag it down.

[1886:26] Speaker 0: Your watch, you'll really chat GPT can be really good to help guide you on what to write. But if you're going to be publishing, that's why I haven't just like lat done that one way that can help is if you convert your own talking to a book that can help because it'll be more geared around what you've already written. And then it'll just structure what you've already said at that point. You can convert your own language such as CPT in there now, there is a tool

[1894:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: called, there's a couple of them. There's some AI like plagiarism checkers. I know grammarly.com has one. There's a there's a few others that are out there, what's the other one? Okay, but I know that you can filter them through there. And it'll tell you if different lines are, are are plagiarized. The way though that I like my blog posts, I don't really check that on them. Because I'm filtering a lot of like what I write and put out there comes from what I'm actually saying myself. So if it's what you're actually saying, and then you have it just kind of break it down. If you have little you have less to be concerned with than if you're telling it to like, come up with ideas for what to say. And then you're having it just generate the content itself. That's why I'm a huge fan of using transcripts, and then filtering those transcripts in the chat GPT and then having to kind of format what you said verbally. It's a really great process to take what's up here, get it out verbally, and then have it generate something for you. If you struggle to have it up here. Then you can have at chat GPT you could ask that CBT generate me a YouTube video script. And then what it'll do is it'll actually make you a video script on the topic. You read through it, record that video script and change the wording to be more like how you would say it and then filter that back in the chat. GPT so what it's it's kind of interesting, but like what I just described so is almost like money laundering a little bit. As like information laundering, we're sort of like cleaning the information and making it. So if you, if you process it enough times through that, it becomes more original, especially if you bring it back to yourself, and then you give the feedback. And so like, that's why a lot of what I teach, I don't really worry about plagiarism, because I know that it's it's original enough, that it's not going to be a problem. That a lot of what I'm what I'm putting out, there might be borrowed ideas that I might have gotten from over here, over here. But I'm processing it so much with everything else that I'm doing. That it's it's, it's original, like, for instance, the training that I did today, I have a document of like, like an outline of what to talk about. And I and I went off of that with a lot of what I was training, but I'm still teaching and it was still coming from here, rather than me just like reading a script. And so if I take today's training, I could turn that into blog posts and things like that, with confidence that it's not going to be plagiarized from anything else.

[1937:44] Speaker 2: All right. Okay. I get it. Thank you. Well, most of the content I have is quite original, I guess you'd like me to kind of coordinate or tweak it a little bit. Secondly, if you're

[1941:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: using it as a writing tool, and it's editing, you're doing that that's outside of what what they're talking about that you can't copyright and things like that as if you learned to say chat, GBT write me a book about this topic, just copy and paste that and that's your book, like, that is gonna get you flagged. But if you're using it to kind of massage your message, okay, I've done that. And then I'll usually have it like rewrite it in a conversational, informal tone. Got it. I'll run it through like a chat CPT checker, and it'll say it was 100% original human created content. Good. Because it takes you before you go, processing

[1953:09] Speaker 2: the plate. Before you go, you know, I do a lot of zoom chat, online meetings, I do zoom meetings that I stream on Facebook, I have church services I do on. But I've discovered over a while that I want to play YouTube, music, and it does no stream. Even though I play it, you can hear it on Facebook,

[1959:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can't Is there a way to go around it. There's not a way to go around that with music as far as as far as I know. And if you do, it's very time consuming and expensive to where you gotta get a license from the studios themselves. And they'll they're gonna charge you 1000s of dollars per video just to do that. And so that's why a resource like Epidemic Sound, they have royalty free music that you could pull up and you can play the royalty free music back. Otherwise, you could produce your own music and your own songs. Let's say like if there are worship songs, now that's different. You could produce your own stuff, have your own band, and get a license as far as like a performance license and you'll be okay. They're all right. Okay. All right. Okay, thank you. Playing back somebody else's recording. Yeah, they're gonna flag you every single time for that.

[1974:41] Speaker 2: Yeah, I just want to quickly say something to Sundar, you know, I live in Australia and Australia people when she said that, I kind of laughed a little bit. You know, it takes a while to warm up to Australians. But if you warm up to the UAE enjoy them be your clients. So kids. It took me a while. It took me a while you've been here physically to warmer Yeah, a lot of but they are wonderful.

[1981:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: South African Australians. Canadian, UK, United States. We all speak English, but it's like we were very different cultures. But together we can all thrive together, which is pretty, which is cool. English too, but it's a very different culture there as well.

[1988:15] Speaker 2: So yeah, yeah. Thank you, Jim. Appreciate it.

[1989:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. Are in Ireland. Or Scotland. Where are you from? Dorothy.

[1991:27] Speaker 6: I'm originally from London. London person. And I've got quite an interesting mix because my mom's

[1993:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: got such a difference between Los Angeles New York City and Miami and the United States alone.

[1995:19] Speaker 6: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No, it's interesting because London, there's a lot there's you Cockneys and then there's sort of it's very multicultural. And then you've got sort of old England which is like, so you know, the class system and super posh and etc. Bye An interesting mix because my mum is super posh, kind of Oxford Rada. And then I went to a sort of comprehensive school. So I was mixing with, like, I've got a really big mix of people that I was mixing with. So I've got a really interesting all across the range, you know, it'd be quite good for doing this online work, you know, because, of course, totally diverse, you know? Yeah. Yeah, I

[2007:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: found when I was working with a university that had they had over 128 nations represented at the university. Yeah. And I got to work firsthand with just so many different cultures of people. But it's cool to like, because you got to lay down your your assumptions about what people mean. Because oftentimes, when you're talking cross culturally, somebody doesn't mean the very same thing it means in your culture.

[2014:46] Speaker 6: Yeah. I've been reading this book, which you should get a copy of my mom got it. And it's called watching the English. And it's all about because in, there's so much to the English culture, like the old English culture, the way it's used, it's incredible. But it's in a hilarious book. It's like, best seller, but it's actually an anthropology, anthropologist, you know, that sort of studies human nature. And, you know, for example, you know, if you're super posh, you say, pudding, you don't say sweet, you know, or you say, you say lunch, you don't say, dinner at lunchtime, you know, goes into all those things, you know, but you should look at that. I think you'd probably enjoy it. Yeah, yeah. Anyway,

[2028:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, everybody, thanks for being on here today. Thanks for those that stuck around, I'm excited. For where we're headed. Again, we got the new courses are going to be really instrumental for you. The wealth, the wealth, mindset coaching, I'm going to just dive deeper into just it's a it's a

[2033:14] Speaker 0: I'm really being careful what I pour into that, but it's going to be probably one of the most valuable courses, it's in there when it's done. The first lessons in there, the second one's coming this week. And then the successful webinars and challenges one is all about, like, it starts with how do you get people to show up to your webinar that was less than one? How do you get to actually show up to listen to you? Because well, we've talked a lot about marketing and getting leads. But then once they're a lead, how do you actually get them to show up? And then we're going to continue with what do you actually say during the webinar to convert that to a sale all the way to make it successful? So it's really diving into more of that nuance of delivering a world class presentation, and how to sell to the masses on video like that. So, thanks for being here. And we'll talk soon. Have a good one. I'll see you guys next week.

