CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-07-03T19:20:30.000Z
Duration: 100 min
Otter ID: XKRmEmzI81EA0DOFGuCUABQJd00
---

[1:08] Speaker 0: Hello, hello, hello welcome in today

[3:31] Speaker 1: we're gonna go live in the Facebook group

[6:57] Speaker 1: five in the group. All right

[10:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome, welcome into the live call. This is our live training for the week, I hope you're doing well. I hope you're doing great. And sometimes what I what I talk about on this training call is specifically for I know a lot of people seem to watch the recording of the live training weeks. Or they come in at the end and then ask their questions. And so again, I would hope and encourage you to at least try to catch the recordings sometime during the week of what we're going to be talking about. Let me just open up here, my Google docs here for what what I wanted to share with you today, I'm going to be covering a number of different topics that will immediately help you in your business that will help you be able to get more clients get more sales and optimize things for you. I'm gonna get this opened up here, I just want to make sure that I got everything in order oops, why is this not pulling up for me? There we go. All right. So first off, one thing that I just wanted to cover is over in the group, and I'll send an email out here today, we updated the calendar schedule. And so what we have is today's our live training, and then we're we have q&a at the at the very end here. We'll be taking some questions, as well, I'll review what's in the chat as you're, as you're watching. We have a live webinar this weekend. So I'm doing a bonus q&a during that. And the next week is our live q&a. We have our five day intensive so you can hop into the q&a anytime you want. Again, when it says bonus q&a. It's part of our live events that we're doing. And so if you want to hop into those and ask questions, you can take advantage of that time. Our live copywriting rewrite Day is coming up on Thursday, July 13, next week, then we have our weekly training, our Fast Start onboarding, live q&a and live training and then we should sometime in here we'll go into August and be basically doing it all over again, which is good. And so one one other thing that I just wanted to go over is in the members area is the all of the training courses and programs and content that maybe you're on these calls, maybe you join on these live calls, but you haven't checked out any of the course content. You know, I'll tell you this, I was on a one on one coaching call with one of my one on one clients. And she shared with me she went through like four different courses got everything mapped out. And that's what I would like to see more from you that are in this group. Now, I'm just going to address this some of you have expressed that you find it completely impossible to be able to log in and watch a recorded training of any kind because of your attention span your need for for it to be live and that if it's not live, you won't show up and that you're not going to go through content that's pre recorded. I mean this nicely, but that is an excuse. And that is a and listen, I might lose some members for saying that. But it's to be self governing and to be self disciplined and to realize the goldmine of training content that's in here. If you're struggling to know how to run a great webinar, successful webinars and challenges as the new course that I'm putting together each week. We got three lessons in here that we're going through, that's basically an updated version of the virtual event playbook course. And that's going to help you know what do I say during my live event? How do I map it out? We have a mindset course in there there's time management, there is a friendly follow up. This is all about nurturing your subscribers, the landing page course. And so that content is there for you to take advantage of and to go through in your own in your own time because it's it's specifically around different topics that you might be stuck on and that you might be struggling with. Okay, and so again, I understand you may be offended, I had somebody write me a really long letter how they were offended by the fact that I even expected people to go through courses, and wouldn't talk about certain things during these times together. Some of y'all don't realize my mom, if she if she had it in a course that she recorded, she won't even talk about a sentence of the topic. And so I'm giving you guys way more. During these live trainings, that I pulled from some of the trainings in the courses, then even my mom does, and I'm learning I'm realizing, you know, that's honestly not helping anybody. That's me being again, codependent with people that lack the ability to self govern themselves. And, and I listen, I know, I sound harsh saying that, um, if you want to run a business, and you find it impossible to learn how to run a business, I'm not sure how you expect to run a business. I just I mean that straight up. So there's, there's incredible content that I poured into over the last year, brand new courses and trainings, recurring membership, profits, struts, if you don't understand how a funnel works, strategic funnels Made Simple is right there. And these are just the most recent ones, automated marketing secrets, how to automate things. This one is our flagship one that we recommend everybody go through six steps to six figures. And so if you go into the members area, there's so much incredible content in there. And I would love you to just flip your perspective and realize the fact of what a wealth of information is here in this in this program, what you have access to you get access to these live trainings, where I kind of bring what are all the questions that everybody's been asking over the last month, what are the issues where people are stuck? How can I bring those all together in a very concise way, where I take time with you, where I take time to go slow enough through each step. So that you can actually follow along, is in the courses that are in these members areas. And, and again, one of them that's we just started a couple of weeks ago, the wealth mindset coaching course, is extremely valuable just because of how I'm breaking down piece by piece, the mindset that it takes to be a business owner, if you're somebody who shows up to your business, and you want to be told what to do, and they want everybody to just do it for you and you just sit back and become rich, I want to I just want to tell you that that's not reality. That's not the reality of of how business works. You have to deal with what's going on between your two ears, and you have to learn how to take action, even when you don't feel like it. Motivation is fleeting, and you're not going to feel motivated every single day to do the things that you need to do. That's where self discipline comes in. And self discipline isn't about self punishment, either. being hard on yourself being harsh on yourself. Okay, you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, you've been harsh on us for the last 10 minutes. So you're, you're a hypocrite? No, I've been just talking straight about what it takes to actually be successful instead of being so gentle about it, like I have been the last six months and, and some of that you are going to notice as again, as I grow, I get a little more direct about things that I know are non negotiables to your success. This is a non negotiable to your success is your ability to self govern yourself to learn things on your own to go through and that members area is I would say 80% of the value of this program. The other 20% that super valuable is your ability to ask me questions, and come in here and get this type of live training. That's right here. Okay, so I just wanted to cover that in the beginning here. I'm adding new content to the members area, based on all the questions that are coming in upcoming courses that we're doing, I'm doing a Facebook ads. essentials course is what I'm calling it. We got social media ads that work. We have Facebook ads for beginners. Turns out Facebook ads for beginners was still a little bit more advanced for a lot of people. So I'm going to simplify it even more Facebook ads essentials, to where it's literally just the basic essentials that you need to get started and hopefully it's only going to be like two or three lessons. It's not going to be super long, as well. We're going to be doing another updated copywriting for landing pages and how we're using chat GVT for your copywriting for your landing pages. Everything that you need to learn that you need to know that you need to grow and be able to build your coaching business is provided here in this members area for you, okay? Now I know some of you, you do need more hands on coaching, more accountability, more help, more guidance more, somebody holding your hand one on one. And so something that I'm actually doing and I'm gonna announce it separately in the group is I am doing a Christmas in July sale

[167:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the next 14 days on one on one coaching. And what this is, is I you know, we ran a deal, it was called the milestone one on one coaching back in April or May didn't really get a lot of good feedback from that, in fact, I got a lot of negative feedback from it. And so what we've done is we've reversed this, I said, I was not going to bring this back. But I'm going to do it one time, right now here in July for the next 14 days, you get the deal that we offered back in November and December of 2022. For one on one coaching for the next 14 days. Okay, and here's me with a Santa hat. Yes, I used AI to actually add this to my, in this image. And so again, what do you get with this? Well, this is me helping you with your ads, your offer creation, strategy, mindset. And really, we've seen the Best Breakthrough from people when they spend time with me during these sessions. So you get six, one hour sessions with me, you can also split these into 12, half hour sessions. By the way, if you already have a purchase one on one coaching with me, you're grandfathered in at your rate until the end of March 2025. I know Don has a crazy rate of I think it's like 350 or something a session, half of what this is. So it's actually a quarter of what this is. So obviously, she didn't have to sign up for this to get that you get a full one full sales copywriting and funnel audit with me and Steven. And then this is the big one that I added back into it just for this time only lifetime access to all the courses that are in the members area. Okay, so you get to keep those four life plus any course that I create in the next 12 months from July now, until July of next year, anything that I create, you will also be able to keep for life, okay, you also get one year in the accelerator, let's say you sign up for a whole year in the accelerator a month ago, I will actually discount you the prorated amount of that off of this. So instead of you having to pay 9600, it would only be something like you know 7600 off of that, you get access to direct message me and send voice memos, and I will respond within 24 hours. Okay, that's the fastest way to get your questions answered, it's the best way to get access to me. And you get grandfathered in at this rate. If you want to buy future sessions, you can buy them in bundles of six sessions at $7,500 or make 12 payments on that. So what does it cost to actually get this deal $9,600, just like we offered in November, December, but instead of it being six month payments, I'm offering it in a 12 month. So it's $800 a month, for the next 12 months. And if you're paying 166 or whatever you're paying monthly for the accelerator, that gets paused for 12 months. And so this replaces that for those 12 months, or you can finance it with our financing partner, this does require a credit check. And that can get your payments as low as $175 a month. So how do you do that you put a deposit down for $800, that's basically the first month or will apply it to the paid in full or you'll get it refunded to you. If you do the credit based financing, okay, there is a signed contract required, you are agreeing to pay the entire amount, you can't just you know, disappear after a month or because you decided to not do coaching decide to not pay and you're accepting full responsibility of all the outcomes, there's no guarantee of results. So there is a signed contract with that nothing's set in stone until that contract is signed, all you have to do today or in the next 14 days is put that deposit down. And I do not believe that I will be bringing this back at all. Ever again, in this capacity, it will cost more than this. We just we had a lot of people that were they weren't too happy with the milestone offer that we did. And so I went back and realized I'm gonna bring back to this November offer same price, which based on inflation, you know, actually calculated the legal inflation number I should be charging at least $1,500 More just based on inflation. So it's, it's a great deal as far as if you want that one on one coaching with me. And I think for some of you that's going to that's going to be helpful for you. So you got you have 15 days to decide 14 days or so. So there you go. All right. So what I wanted to talk about today is Specifically, when it comes to your business, the biggest thing that I that I am seeing that is stopping people with their offers with their sales copy is not being bold enough in the promises that you're making in the offer. And I found a lot of people saying, well, I don't want to disappoint people, and then they come after me or attack me, or ask for money back. And they're angry that I didn't deliver on what I promised. Okay, I understand that. In your free offer, you want to make very bold promises that are actually not even possible for you to deliver in the free offer. I'm gonna say that again, in your free offer. You want to make bold promises that are not even possible for you to deliver on in the free offer. On your landing page, build and launch your six figure group coaching offer, I can't even legitimately deliver on that in five days. But I can when people join the client growth accelerator. And here's how I navigate that, ethically and morally, is because what I'm doing is I'm inviting people into the journey of the finished outcome, my offer to people for my free offer. And I'll tell you this with confidence, we've I've done this for the last 11 months. And I have had out of I think close to 2000 people that have joined our free

[265:58] Speaker 0: offers. I've had less than 10 of those 2000 people write me and say hey,

[269:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wasn't happy, you didn't deliver on what you said the offer was, yada yada yada. Hundreds of people said, that was amazing content. It was incredible. And we've had hundreds of people join our our coaching program, okay, so understand that if you navigate this the right way, and there's a two part series to this, there's a two, there's two parts to make this actually work for you. Okay. You want your landing page, your landing page to make that bold, crazy out there promise that honestly, in one and a half hours, I can't legitimately show you how to grow a coaching business with Zoom events, I can't legitimately show you how to grow your coaching business with paid advertising. I can't, it's going to take more hours than an hour and a half for me to do so. But I'm making that bold promise that I can in there because of where I'm leading and directing people to about their offers. And so that what I do is see, here's the other part of the offer. Your landing page makes a bold promise. Then we have the presentation.

[287:50] Speaker 1: Jeremiah, can you switch so we can see your chart that you're creating? Thank you. Yes. So then you have the presentation,

[290:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: where you address in the beginning of the presentation. And I actually go over this in the successful webinars and challenges course that we've that we've done, you address this, and you level up people and say, Hey, here's the thing. Today, I'm gonna give you as much content as I can, but we only have an hour and a half together. For me to unpack the entirety of this topic that we're talking about today, it would take me way more than this hour and a half together. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to, I'm going to give you what you need to know, the essentials to get you started. So that's the key word, the essentials to get you started to reach that goal. And less than 1% of people are going to be upset about that. The rest of people are gonna be like, oh, yeah, that makes sense. Of course, like, that makes sense. The reason why most people struggle to actually get the right leads opting into their, to their offers, is because they're not bold enough on the landing page, that they're actually marketing. They're timid, they're there. They're gentle in what they're promising, because they don't want to disappoint people. And so instead of saying, for instance, here's how I've, I've seen some of the offers that people put out there. And this is just the natural behavior of this. And instead of saying, build and launch your six figure group coaching offer, the gentle way would be put together a nice landing page that people click. And literally, that's how they would call their offer and then they wonder why nobody opts in. Because while you might only be teaching, build a nice landing page that people click on. That is not what people actually want. And the only reason that people are going to sign up for your offer on a Facebook ad versus somebody else's, is because there's a belief that if I take my time to go through this offer, I am going to be started on a journey to reach that result. Okay? Let's try this another way, start your six figure group coaching business from scratch. That's about a 10 hour training in reality, but I'll run an hour and a half training on that. The timid way of saying that would be how to use chat GPT to come up with topics to talk about. Because that's really all that I'm teaching in that training, if we want to break it down, but I'm framing it in a way that is way more out there bigger. And this is why there's there's there's these like guru quotes that are out there that are that are they're just crap, the whole idea of under promise over deliver, do not listen to that advice when it comes to your landing page copy. horrible advice, especially for your free offers. The whole idea of under promise over deliver has to do more with like an employee relationship, and more with people pleasing than anything to do with sales and marketing. Okay. And so here's the thing we put hundreds of people through, I had 380 People go through my start your six figure group coaching, business training. And I got rave reviews, I didn't even get one negative from it. Because I've handled and addressed the objection of, well, how can you possibly teach all that and an hour and a half. And so I actually level with people on it and say, hey, you know, the reality is, I can't, but I can get you started on this journey. And I'll be able to point you in the direction to reach that goal and offer me all roads lead to building a six figure group coaching offer. Another one that I did grow your coaching business with AI and Facebook ads, big bold promise, I got $3 leads with that promise, the timid way of saying that would be how to use chat GPT to create a few Facebook ads, we have to be more, we have to paint it in the best possible ultimate outcome when we create our offers. And so then what we're doing is we're inviting people in here's the truth and the reality of this. out of 350 people who might sign up for an offer like that, you want to know how many are actually going to go through the training about 100 of them. An out of that 100, only about 50 are going to watch all the way through to the end. And that 50 will resonate with what you talk about the other 300 There, they got distracted because their dog pooped on the ground. Maybe their kid pooped or they, you know, their house is burning down or something like that, God, God bless them. I hope that that doesn't happen. But that's that's why people, they sign up for a training with you, and then they never join. Okay. But here's the cool part about that those 300 people who then didn't actually watch the whole thing, you can send a follow up email to them to join you for another training that has another bold promise. And another one. And this is why the feedback loop is so important when you get the feedback loop going where people are actually telling you, what do they want to learn? Where are they stuck? What are they struggling with, you're able to confidently make those bold promises that you actually put out there in the marketplace. We have to get to a place to where we we do the things that actually turn into sales. And here's one of the number one things that I want to encourage you in,

[382:53] Speaker 0: okay

[384:16] Speaker 0: that this is this is I, I'm not going to, I'm going to do my best to explain this to you.

[386:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: You have to see a vision for things going well for you. You have to visualize people, loving your presentation. Instead of them coming after you instead of them being angry with you. We need to be intentional to stop imagining the worst case scenario of how things could go wrong. It's not helping you in your business. Maybe it protected you from an abuser in the past to do that. I understand that. I understand. When it comes to your business. It's one of the biggest things that's going to prevent you from reaching your goals is if you're constantly focused on playing defense and avoiding bad things happening in your business and trying to imagine the worst case well, you know, I'm Don't run this offer. And people get angry at me because, you know, I promised something really big, but I only talked about something real small. If you started to understand what I just shared in the last 10 minutes, you would be ahead of 98% of coaches that are out there. But this challenge is how we've been trained what we've been taught in living our life, I'll tell you, in working with the top mentors, top trainers that have made millions and millions of dollars, this is why they're successful, because they visualize the best case scenario happening for them, even when they're in the middle of a dumpster fire. You know, we ran a campaign with Rick Pino where we did launch your Christian music, and it lost him $40,000. And you know, want to know what he was the most positive person I'd ever seen in my life with that. And the next month, he made a half a million dollars in sales. And the month after that, he made a million dollars in sales after losing $40,000. He didn't he didn't blame anybody. He didn't come after me and say, Jeremiah, why did you run the ads wrong? Honestly, I took it personally, myself. I was like, Man, that sucks. That campaign last year a bunch of money. He's like, Yeah, but I was the one that told you to put that much money in there. Like literally, I was amazed by his leadership ability to take personal responsibility for the fact that that that was his choice to lose that much money in a campaign that we tested out that it bombed really bad. And then what did we do to fix that we actually listened to our market, we actually made that bold promise again, we actually got bolder with our promise, you want to know what we said? Join us and we will walk you all the way to the Grammy Awards. Because he had helped multiple people elevation music, Maverick city, Jeremy riddle, Stephanie Grotzinger, when dove and Grammy Awards, what's his name? Cory Asbury reckless love, that he had mentored these artists to do this. Behind the scenes, a lot of a lot of people don't know that, that a lot of the biggest names in Christian worship music, rip was their mentor that helped them get to where they are. And so his bold promise that he like confidently could say is, I know how to walk you all the way to the Grammys now was he able to walk everybody to the Grammys on a free one and a half hour webinar? No, but that bold promise was made out there as the hook as the dream to attract the people that would sign up for the offer. And then when they joined the presentation, he would level with them and say, Hey, listen, you're probably not going to get to the Grammys for a couple of years, you're gonna have to go through trial and error, you're gonna have to put your music out there and have no streams. And that's part of it. But if you're willing to go through the tough process, and literally by him leveling with people, he was able to make over a million dollars a month with our marketing, we were able to go through and we used we use that we didn't have chat GPT at the time, we use Jasper to do all the copy Jasper was the GPT three engine. Now we have GPT four, which has GPT. And it's just a whole lot better. But one of the biggest things that we have to do is we have to see things working out well for us. We have to retrain our brain, you want to do you want to know, for me how many times a day I see the worst case scenario and things probably 20 to 30 times a day. Like I my automatic normal Mo is to imagine things going horribly for me. And I have to be intentional. Not do that. Because I grew up. Some of y'all don't know, like this part of my story. I grew up my mom telling me that I was gonna get taken away by CPS at the police when I was like four years old. Because she was a single mom homeschooling and she was dealing with her stuff. And she was afraid of me being taken away from her and putting that pressure on me at a little boy that wired my brain to be constantly on guard for the worst case scenario. And I want to tell you, I know some of you grew up in a worse situation than that I know it, I know it and your brain is wired to go to the worst case scenario. In every situation. Maybe it's from how your parents were maybe it's from a boss or a spouse or a or a job or a teacher in school or something like that. And so I want to like have empathy for that and say I get it I understand. But we have to be intentional to not to no longer allow that to be our normal mo to where I visualize things going bad for me all the time.

[479:36] Speaker 0: I've closing on a house right now. And every day I've struggled with, am I gonna lose this house?

[483:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why would I lose the house? I don't know, there's literally nothing that says I would lose the house. I talked to my lender every yesterday, he's like, Dude, you're gonna close like, early like you like you're you're overqualified for this house. He's like, he's like, bro, you got nothing to worry about. But my normal Mo is to imagine the worst case scenario. You know, I deal with imagining a lot of stuff when it comes to my wife when it comes to my business. When it comes to our clients. I did I did a webinar on Saturday, how to monetize your email list. I struggled with being worried that people were going to have pitchforks out at me for the things that I said on that call. I said some stuff I've never said before. That I know was controversial. But I had to shift and be intentional to shift out of that worst case scenario thinking. And the more you do that, it becomes a habit and you start strengthening yourself the same way that you would work out in the gym the same way that we get better at using chat GPT the same way that we get better at at building our landing pages and building our offers is it's a skill set to become more confident and things going well for us. You might say, Yeah, but Jeremiah, the last seven years hasn't gone? Well for me, why would I ever expect the next six months to ever be good for me? I understand. And I'm so sorry that you've dealt with that. But what if you tried something different? Are you in this program for the last seven years? No. You have new tools around you, you have more support, you have more accountability. Chat GPT came out in December of last year, we've only had AI that does pretty much all of our marketing for us. I haven't map out what I talk about on my trainings. And I'm going to show you a really cool way to use chat GPT to actually map out your webinars here in just a second. We've only had access to this AI technology for like the last year or so if you've been trying to do marketing without AI. Realize that all the stuff that you wrack your brain over chat GPT can be your your mental brainstorming partner. And when you start utilizing it in that way, you're so much further ahead. I like like you guys with chat GPT are further ahead in your journey than mine mom and I were when we started selling coaching and courses, because we had to come up with all of this stuff like reading books and reading articles and piecing stuff together. And and while we still do that, we still do the swipe file method, I highly recommend that you sign up for your competitors offers, swipe their landing pages, see what they're marketing out to people. You know, just because you have information to market doesn't mean the marketplace is going to respond to that information. And so you might have to frame it in a way that you notice people in the marketplace are what's a great way to know that that an offer resonates with people. YouTube, YouTube is a great resource for this. If I go today over to YouTube, how would I frame an offer around family probate planning and solving time consuming issues?

[544:42] Speaker 0: Okay. We'll look at the top topics that are actually talked about family dispute, family dispute, no choice.

[549:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Family dispute, okay. So think about this the idea of if you just copied all of this right here from YouTube, you could actually then turn that into your offer. It's not about what it is. It's about what people actually respond to. Why are we looking at YouTube? Because these videos have 1000s of views on them, which tells us that people have actually watched this content, consumed it and shown an interest in it because As of the fact that there's actually views on these topics, let's just, I'll just copy this whole page right here. And then we'll say, you know, generate a sales letter for a free webinar. Based on the following. We just copied all those YouTube titles right into here. And here's a here's our baseline starting sales letter right here. Are you currently wrestling with inheritance issues dealing with siblings, disputes over shared property, wondering how to avoid unnecessary legal battles, we totally get it. So the idea of that is instead of just what you help with, you want to deal with the problem that people have. And if you type in your type of coaching into YouTube, and into Amazon, add into Google, you'll be able to find these different types of issues that people have that they're going through. Okay. Now, how can we use chat GPT to actually map out our webinar? Well, let's take this for an example right here. Okay. Let's just take this as an example, this sales letter. And let's go through just a few of our chat GPT prompts. I always run these prompts through everything, I go to the prompt document. If you don't know where the prompt document is, it's over at my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com, the free chat GPT prompt download, it's right here at the top of my site. And then it'll give you this. So they're categorized based on different topics. So we have sales copy right here. Let's scroll down to the sales copy section.

[589:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we're going to we're going to identify what are these different pain points. And we're going to have chat CPT actually run through all of this first. And then develop one one final type of sales letter. So this allows us to really get into the emotional aspects as to what people are dealing with. I want to show you, you guys are going to be blown away by what I'm going to I'm going to show you this a second. Let's just take this right here. This is fine. This is enough info.

[596:29] Speaker 2: Hey, can I ask you a question while you're doing this? Not yet. Okay.

[599:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So in the members area. Under successful webinars and challenges, I went over a whole lesson on this under mapping out your webinar and challenge outline. Okay, so what we have is

[607:49] Speaker 1: which courses and again,

[608:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: successful Just a sec, I can answer you in just a second.

[614:56] Speaker 0: Find where this is, I was gonna throw this into the I'm just gonna write it manually. So this is in the successful webinars and challenges. Course that we're actively recording right now. And I'm teaching right now.

[619:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's the Reader's Digest version of that lesson. In the private events vault right here, you get all of the webinars that I've taught, you get access to all of these in here, okay. What I'm doing is is I'm adding my outlines for my talks into here for these. So this is my outline for my webinar, right here. If you take your offer information, this one's about probate and you tell it create an outline for a webinar based on the the above info related to probate and family disputes, but use the following outline as a template to follow for the webinar structure. You can go ahead and you can try these out with different outlines that I have. This is why I'm going to give you right now we have loaded up this one about getting more clients. This outline right here, this outlines what my talk is right here. How are you going to get better at your webinars by actually watching me deliver a webinar watching how I deliver a sales pitch? Okay? We have another outline right here. This is an outline of my talk and how I did this. So what Chad's GBT is going to do is you can paste this in here and tell it to create an outline for your niche, but map it to my talk that I used. And it's going to give you an outline of how to talk with people, for your webinar, introduce your experience about estate planning, common misconceptions, revision for estate planning, the difference between differentiating probate from estate planning, leveraging technology, crafting a comprehensive plan, benefits of professional guidance. And then this is where you can lead people to join your coaching or training or a course that you're offering. So what this did was, it was able to take my outline, which I'm going to be now providing to you, we're going to be going back and retroactively doing this on a number of the different webinars that are in here, you're gonna be able to take my session outlines from the webinars and challenges that I do. And go into chat GPT, and tell it to map out an outline for your webinar, based on my own webinars that I'm doing that are converting that are that are making sales. Let's take another one right here. And you can try different ones out and see which ones resonate with you. We'll take this one, we'll say we'll try this again. Since this is a different outline, create an outline for a webinar based on the above info related to that you got to put your topic here. Otherwise, it'll be about my topic is why you got to do that. Based on the following outline below. Let's take this one See, see how a different webinar how it did clarify that it's beginner friendly, that's not a sales pitch your credentials, why they should listen to you the fundamentals of estate planning, introduction, the importance of effective, I'm not sure pulled targeting from but creating a smooth inheritance transition plan. So the idea is this will help you brainstorm and come up with ideas for your webinar. And then what you can do is you can print this out, or put it in a text document next to you while you go through your outline for your webinar. So if you're somebody that that you're doing a webinar about estate planning, and you're like, I don't know what to talk about in my webinar, but I created a great sales page with Chad GPT. Now you can base your webinar off of the structure of my own webinars that I'm using and have chat GPT

[682:41] Speaker 0: created that way. Okay. All right. Michelle had a question. And then looks like Sherry had a question.

[684:53] Speaker 2: Okay, awesome. My question is, as you were saying this, go to YouTube, Google, Amazon, etc. And we do the research. How do we know that the research we're finding from a competitor site is valid research, and good, like, how do we know which you talked about this on Saturday? How do we know they're making a profit? And this is a company that I'd want to mimic?

[691:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I just copied all of the stuff on YouTube right here. And the reason why I did that, okay, though, the reason I did all of these is it is the AI is going to find the average of all of that, okay, and it's going to find certain words that are in here. And because these are ranking highly for my search term. Now look at this, this is also recommending to me different alternative search terms. So if I click on a few of these, right, to see oh, there, here's another great topic that you can create, how to get more of your inheritance money, we focus on a specific person who wants to get more of their inheritance. How, you know, inheritance tax planning, these could all be webinars, that if you're in the probate planning industry, you could go through and just explore with YouTube. And here's how we know because these are ranking and these, these videos have 1000s of views on them. So here's what I'm saying is, okay, is, let's say you run a webinar, Sherry and posted in the group Sherilyn or somebody had posted in the group that nobody came to her webinars, she ran $100 in ads, and it was around probate planning. That's why I'm covering this topic right here. Dr. Topic might not have been a hook as to what people actually want to spend time listening to. So YouTube will give you ideas for different hooks and topics that people might want to listen to the other side of this as you can go into type some of those in the chat GPT like we did again, we don't know if those are the best

[718:18] Speaker 2: way pause on second doesn't matter how much info you're typing into chat GPT like it can handle a three pages in

[720:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: file. I mean, there's a limit to what it can handle, but what I copied wasn't too much.

[721:30] Speaker 2: Okay, cool, because that seems like more than I would have tried. So it's good to know what can do.

[722:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what I'll also do is I'll go through here and I'll say, generate me 20 possible names for a live seminar that can help people based on the above info, okay, harmony, inheritance, how to have a peaceful legacy. Inheritance peace, safeguarding your family's future wealth, transition wisdom.

[728:20] Speaker 2: Let me ask you this, as you were doing it, I did that to chat GPT. And I put in, is it important to put in I want people that can afford my course. I want people that are at this stage, like, should I target my market so that I'm getting answers directed towards that?

[732:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you can. Here's the thing with that, you might find that there's not enough people that are actually going to register. So that's where that's where the next stage of your questioning is, you actually have to put something out there and see how people respond to the marketplace, okay? Because ultimately, we can toss around ideas and chat JpT. But we will never know truly, if the market will respond until we put it out there you want it. You know, my training. I did this last week, Jack GPT told me everybody wants to know how to monetize their email list. I had the lowest signup rate for that offer, monetize your email list. So I'm probably not going to run that offer again. That's fine. Now here's the thing, though, there was a lot of highly qualified people, though, on the webinar, because they were very qualified to the type of people that join our program. And so because of that, there's a pros and cons to that. Okay, the lead cost was like $18, a lead, but they were all really qualified. Versus starting your coaching business, I get a $3 lead, but they're not as qualified. But if I get a $3 lead for growing your coaching business with paid advertising, that's the best of both worlds for me, honestly. Because now I got the lowest cost and they're more qualified. So what we're looking at is we want to experiment to see, do we have a qualified audience? People? How do you know if they're qualified? Because people are actually showing up, they're actually signing up for the VIP. They're actually asking questions. And they're, they're converting the sales for you on the back end. If they're not converting to sales, they're not qualified. Okay. I

[757:30] Speaker 2: just have to say, I love how your brain works. That totally resonates with me, and I'm so happy we're here on this program with you. Because five years from now, you're going to be like, so untouchable. So thank you.

[760:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Sherry, you had a question here. Before I move forward.

[761:47] Speaker 1: I was just somebody said, said you should be. I love to you messages, right. Um, organize the document. And I just said, just use Ctrl F and find what you're looking for. So I didn't have a question. I gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I

[767:28] Speaker 0: mean, the document is split up into those different categories.

[769:04] Speaker 1: So it's just highlight, yeah, highlight a category.

[770:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's organized based off of these categories right here. So then scroll down, find the category that you're looking for. And then you'll find the

[773:07] Speaker 1: content. Yeah, that's what I was saying. Just like it the sales copy, copy that

[774:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: controlling user thing, because we recommend sales copy and advertising at the most of the time, let's move these to the top here. That might help some people. Yeah, and then search for those terms. That's all yeah, let me let me just do that real quick. And we're gonna move to email marketing, one, two, okay, sales copy. Let's watch we're just going to do this on the fly while we're here live. That way you don't have to scroll down and you'll find the sales copy right away.

[782:27] Speaker 0: And you'll find the anything related to email as well okay, now we're gonna move it to the top here

[786:26] Speaker 0: now let's go to advertising. These are advertising prompts that we like to use. Okay, so now you got sales copy prompts. You have

[791:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: advertising prompts, and then you have the email and you have email and text messages prompts at the top there. So that should be a little more organized for you at least at least right there. Okay, so now here's the here's the the last thing that I wanted to share with you, okay. And we've been touching on this in the wealth wisdom course, is two things. This goes back into what I was sharing about you need to visualize things going well for you. And this is where we need to I have a mindset of abundance, not lack and scarcity. I'm gonna keep saying this. And I'm, listen if it annoys you, that shows the area that you need to grow. And I promise you that, like, if me talking about an abundance mindset in this program annoys you, you may want to figure out why you are so annoyed by the topic of abundance, and why scarcity and lack and oftentimes what I found is people are like, Well, I'm just being realistic. That was my excuse. I'm just a real list. You know, I'm not a I'm not a Wookiee crazy, rosy colored glasses, idiot who sees everything best case scenario? Well, you know what? That behavior in your business is probably going to make you more money. And so what if you didn't see what if you did the very thing that you judged as if you have a judgment of people that have an abundance mindset as being rosy colored glasses, idiots who are woowoo, and all of this, you may want to address that judgment that you have as well. And and also ask yourself this. Why is the idea of having an abundance mindset, so threatening? What are we trying to avoid? happening? What are we afraid that will happen? If I have an abundance mindset? What's an abundance mindset? How does this manifest while I might only have $300 to spend on Facebook ads? Okay, great. I have $300 to spend on Facebook ads, isn't this amazing? I have enough to finally get started. Okay. My campaign failed, I lost 300 bucks. Okay, awesome. Well, I'm resourceful. And I can figure out how to get another 200 to $300. To run another campaign instead of man, I ran a campaign nine months ago, it didn't work, I don't have enough resources. I don't have enough time. I don't have enough energy. I'm so tired, nothing works out. For me. That's a scarcity mindset. Okay. Me with a six month old, a scarcity mindset manifest of I don't have enough sleep or energy to build my business. Okay, that might be my present reality. So I'm not talking about bypass, bypassing reality here. I'm talking about framing your brain in a way that will serve you better to where you start visualizing and framing things in a positive light as it relates to your business. And realizing that you actually do have all of the resources that you need to reach your goals that you really do have all of the access to you might say, I don't know how to do XYZ over here. Well, you have access to to learn those things, you have access to ask questions to grow in these areas. And so what we have to do is we have to shift out of constantly putting our focus on resource like resource management of I don't have enough, there's never enough, there's never enough. And again, I might be I might literally be you. Somebody you might be saying, Jeremy, you're telling me to be different than how I've been my whole life. And and that's just not my personality. Okay, I understand that. Because that wasn't my personality, either. So I'm talking to you about stuff that I dealt with for a long time that was stopping me from being successful. And when I read the book, some people think it's a weird book, it was I thought it was weird for for 20 years. And I read the book Thinking grow rich. And one of the biggest things that I read about it, what that touched me was, if you can visualize the best case scenario of the life that you want, and you really start saying, I am going to get that I am going after that. I have all of the resources, all of the knowledge, the connections, the time to accomplish this. What's in your bank account, the fact that you maybe have no friends, the fact that there's nobody that you can bounce questions off of which by the way isn't true because if you're in this program, you got a lot of people you can actually bounce questions off of so understand that if if you're saying I don't know how to do something, you have access to learn faster than anybody else inside of this program here. Realize that shifting your mindset into gratefulness and gratitude for what you have and also not complaining and wishing things were different. That's a tough one. Not complaining and wishing things were different. This took me a while to do this took me a long time to do. I was complaining wondering why I was struggling to get sales in my coaching business, and why everybody else that I had worked with was more successful than me. And I realized that it was my own people, please Thinking in my own mindset. And that's why working with a therapist has been so valuable to be able to empower me to be able to create the business that I want to be a better communicator, you want to know one of the biggest reasons why my business was actually struggling, was I was struggling to be able to communicate powerfully with my wife. And I was constantly blaming her for why my business wasn't succeeding. And I was saying, Well, my wife wants me to do this. And I can't do this, because she wants me to do this, instead of just learning to have a conversation with her. And I made a post this weekend on chat GPT. And some people got really offended by it. And they actually think it's pretty appalling and disgusting that I do this. But I use chat GBT to help me communicate with my wife, I'll say, hey, I want to talk with her about this issue. In the past, she's responded this way. This is her personality. We both have this common goal, can you help me present this to her better? Listen, I get it, some of you again, might think that that's just completely disgusting. And whatever. My wife likes it. And I tell her, Hey, chat, GPT helps me work this better. And she's like, awesome. And what's cool is I'm learning how to communicate with her better, I'm learning how to be a better communicator with that. And so realize that a lot of the reasons why we struggle in our life has to do with the words that we talk with our self talk, how we talk to ourselves, what we're expecting things to happen. You know, a lot of people say, Well, don't expect anything, then you won't ever be disappointed. That's only partially true. Because if you allow yourself to get disappointed temporarily, and then rebound, rebound faster, see some of you get disappointed, and you're disappointed for 12 months, five years. What if you learned to get disappointed for 1212 minutes, and then moved on? And said, Okay, I'm disappointed for 12 minutes, this campaign didn't work, I'm disappointed for 12 days, whatever it is, you know, when we lost when I lost? I lost my mom $150,000 back in 2018. A lot of people wonder what happened before she, she fired me as I lost her 150 grand because I was so distracted by what was going on in my life. And I realized I had to get some help. And I had to work with a therapist. And that was why when I had stopped working with her, it was it was that that was like the ultimate thing she like, Okay, you're losing me money. Now this isn't working. I lost Rick 40,000 That triggered me. He was disappointed for like a day and then got over it. And the next month made half a million dollars. Some of you might say, Yeah, well, that's great. They had money to get over it. I don't have a safety net, like y'all did. See how your thinking automatically justifies why you can't be successful. That's the talk that I'm talking about about the abundance mindset is if as if as soon as you automatically go to Well, I can't. Because XYZ factor in my life is different than them.

[931:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: You got to challenge that thinking and you got to challenge why do we automatically go to that now give yourself grace, your your your brain does it without even trying? Okay? So don't be don't beat yourself up for it. But realize, okay, that that's not serving me automatically looking at somebody else's success and saying, Well, I can't have what they have. Because XYZ, you know, I used to do that. I used to say, I can't be successful in my coaching business, because I am working 12 hours a day with consulting clients. So I don't have enough time. By the way I was at that time, I was working 12 hours a day to make six figures. It was crazy. I'm never again, that was I was just I was such a perfectionist about making things perfect. Unfortunately, I was working with a client that that it was a it was a it was a Christian university, and they were very verbally, I would say they were verbally abusive. Any mistakes that were made, they would just rip into you over anything. So it's funny is that I went into that and was attracted to that atmosphere immediately after working with my mom. And it was I had to realize, okay, why do I keep putting myself into situations with people that use verbal abuse to lead others. And that's where I had to get to the root of what it is I'm literally replaying childhood experiences. I'm replaying how my life was growing up at church and with family and friends and all of this in business. So I was attracted to people by trying to reach Lay what was going on in my childhood? Don't check out when I'm talking about this, please, I understand maybe your experience, the reason your brain wants to check out is because it might be too painful to look at that. That's where you might want to look into those areas. Why do we find that we constantly have a pattern, if you notice that you have a pattern of behavior, I look back and six to 12 month increments of my behavioral patterns, I take a look at my environment, I take a look at who am I hanging out with, I take a look at the choices that I'm making. And I say, okay, whatever is not serving me, has to go has to leave. I don't care if I've been doing it for years. It has to end. Or I need to communicate and and oftentimes the route is we need to learn to communicate with other people better. We need to learn to approach a situation that's not serving us, or we need to say okay, why am I looking at this situation, from this lens of how I used to do things, and that will help you grow? Okay. So hopefully this has helped you. I know we covered a few different things about chat GBT and an open AI. One last thing that I want to cover, we've had a lot of people asking, how do you use Zoom to run webinars. If you haven't used zoom, here's what I encourage you to do, go find a friend or a family member and test, play around with the Zoom event, they can log in on their cell phone, you can create a fake one on your computer and start playing around with Zoom, sign up for a Zoom account. And what we do is you just create an event in zoom, let's log into my Zoom account here real quick. And I want to just show you this. Okay. And then we'll take some questions here.

[991:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I'll do is I will schedule I have the webinars add on, we'll schedule a webinar will create the title, what time it is what timezone all of that, I'll usually turn off the passcode. And then what it'll do is it will give me a webinar ID, and it will give me a webinar invitation that you can copyright here. So then we copy this info into our email. And so then when people sign up for our offer, that's the information that we send them. And so if you're not comfortable using zoom, or using the technical aspects of it, create a fake webinar, create something like that and play around with it just in your own time to get used to the controls. What are the different controls in there? Well, we got the we got the microphone, we want to make sure that the microphones working, we have the camera, we want to make sure the cameras working. You want to be able to see if you can see participants raising their hands, we have the chat window, you might have to turn on chat for everybody. And then there's also the screen sharing function. And then there's the live streaming function that you can go through and click through. If you click around and start, you're not going to break anything, it's not going to blow up, the government's not going to come after you and arrest you if you click the wrong button on Zoom. Okay, so play around with some of the different stuff on Zoom, and start to get used to it. And what that's going to do is now that's going to help you that when you run a live event or when you do something on Zoom, or when you create your coaching program, you'll feel more confident using that software, it's actually really hard to see I can't screen share the zoom controls while I'm in zoom. They don't allow me to do that. But if I take a screenshot right here, I will show you at least what I see. On my screen, let's try to open this up here.

[1024:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now let me show this. Okay, so this is the zoom window right here we have participants down here people's names of who are on the call, we have where it says mute. That's our microphone. This is where we set our video settings. This is where we find chat. We can click here to do a screen share. And then where it says more. That's where you can do your recording. You can do your live streaming into a Facebook group. And you might have to authorize it into your Facebook group to be able to do that. But those controls get comfortable with those. Play around with them. Find somebody a friend, a family member. Find a random person on your social media that can do a test zoom with you. People would love to help you with that. I'm sure you can find one person find somebody in the in the accelerator group y'all could come together and play around and and Get used to the controls. And so if you're stuck using the controls in zoom, that will at least help you get better at using them. Okay.

[1041:43] Speaker 0: All right. Now, we're going to take some questions who has particularly some some questions? Raise your hand.

[1047:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Also, yes. Happy Independence Day to everybody. You know, honestly, I'm terrible at like Happy holiday to everybody. I am horrible at it. I forget to say it all the time. All right, Dorothy, what's up Dorothy?

[1051:39] Speaker 1: Foley. Hello, I'm launching my ads today. So I'm training up to VAs I'm working with TBAs. They're sort of learning on their feet. And working through your Squarespace Made Easy course, which is very good. And so I'm just wondering whether to go straight in towards the end of the week is going to be next week, I'm running the event, whether to go straight in with selling my yoga Pro, which is more high ticket, because it's 997. Or whether to start with a sort of small, you know, further down the value ladder as a first offer, because this may be the first time people have been on course with me. Um,

[1064:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you're going from a free offer to something further down? Yeah, so

[1066:00] Speaker 1: whether to go straight in with the 997, which is the big sort of yoga one program yoga program, which is going to be quite involved with lots of different sessions.

[1069:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what would what would the thinking between either of those be, I mean, ultimately, here's, here's the difference is, if you want to go with a lower end offer, you'll get more sales to that usually based on price. But you might not make the profit margin you want. So you just that's got to realize that the profit margin might not be there. If you go with a higher end offer, you might have less people signing up. So if you don't feel confident that people are actually going to sign up. Now that is an area where you can make so yeah. What tell me the pros and cons between each and why you're trying to decide which one and how I can help with that. Because ultimately, it's just lower price, lower quality people, less revenue. Yeah. If they're not, if they're not sold, it can be more revenue, we don't know until we put it out there, it's really difficult to tell what that is, what's the expected price that people have for your, for your industry. Now, you might make an offer that's 997. And people don't sign up for it. So now we got to say, Okay, well, let's lower that and see what they do sign up for. Yeah, yeah. Here's the thing that some of y'all get stuck I when I say 997 9097, for your pricing, and now you're going to run five offers and just beat yourself up, because you're getting no sales at $1,000. That's ludicrous. Lower the pricing gets sales, so that you can actually get the feedback from people of what they want. Because the goal is to get people into your space, spending money with you, so that you can listen to them of what they want, what their desires are. And then over time, you're able to raise your prices with that you may struggle to get people to spend $1,000 with you. And so if that's the case, lower the price to 500, lower to 300. And then figure out how can I change the perceived value so I can start to raise the price? I couldn't get anybody a year ago to spend $1,000 with me on my on my coaching, coaching. Why is that because all I had as far as courses was so my social media ads course my website course. So I created all of these courses now and then added the program. And now the value is $2,000 a year because we added more value based on what people were asking. So but I couldn't get people to pay me $300.05 100. So what I did was I ran a few offers at 500 to get the feedback, knowing while I built the $2,000 program. Yeah, and so that was April in May. And then July, August, we launched the $2,000 program. So that can be part of your process as we as you want to. You want to bring people in if your notice, okay, nobody comes in, we got to change something, whether it be our pricing. If you have a bunch of people on a presentation, and they stayed through to the end, but nobody bought two things. Either your pricing is too high. But really pricing is never the issue. That's really what it is. It's ultimately the perceived value wasn't there for the price. People didn't. People didn't connect to the value of what you were charging. So you either need to raise the perceived value in your sales pitch world Are the price one of the two things, I would recommend raising the perceived value instead of lowering the price?

[1122:07] Speaker 1: Yeah, because I've got it mapped out my program, the 997 program, but it's going to take a little while to record it all, I've got to make a decision of whether to do a drip feed group that are coming in, or whether to do it as report the whole thing first, you see. So I've got to make that decision really this week. But I'm, you know, I just need to do a lot journaling around it and do some market research this week, and make that decision. But I think the best way you learn, as you say is like when you just test it out, when you've got people in front of you, you know, so yeah, so that's it. So anyway, yeah, there's a lot. And also, I'm just trying to get my head round the VA thing, and because they're doing really well, the people that I'm learning, but also they're kind of jumping from just being social media Bas, right, the way through to running a funnel, which is like, from nought to 10, you know, so it's quite a lot that they're learning. So I'm not sure whether I've got the right people on the job. Because it's the stress factor as well, when you're doing it when you're actually launching an event. And then you're running the emails and everything. There's a there is a stress factor with that, because it's time sensitive. So that's what I'm noticing with that,

[1144:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: are you are you following? Okay, so with vas? Yeah. Are you? Are you Mike? Are you following up with them? And making sure that they're hitting their milestones? Yes. Specific? Are you also giving them deadlines that are soon enough to give you leeway for things?

[1150:03] Speaker 1: Yes, I mean, I'm doing I'm being very specific, and bullet pointing each thing and being really clear with each task, and then also asking them to say how much time they're spending on each task. So that I can get an idea of how long it actually takes to do each task. And then I can start to map out how much time I need in advance to run it. You know, so it's a whole learning process between me and the VA is, you know, so I've got this one VA, they're very good about saying how much time it takes them to do certain things. But we've just got to the point of launching the Facebook ads, and they've never done that before. So that's, that's tricky. But I think that it is just going to be a process of me getting the right people. And as you were saying in the in the groove, it may be a few different people I'm working with initially, because I feel like they'll all need to support each other as well, if they're learning. So yeah, it's a whole, it's a whole,

[1166:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I try to find people that specialize in a specific area. Here's the thing that I'll find. If somebody is struggling to do a task, and it's a VA, I will find somebody else to do it. Yeah, that's, that's a big one is and and I'm not going to wait around for somebody to struggle through trying to figure something out.

[1171:55] Speaker 0: Yeah, I don't like like, it's just not, I can find somebody faster than trying to get them to get it. Yeah. So so understand that, that it's better to maybe find somebody if they're struggling in a specific area now find somebody who maybe specializes in that area. That

[1177:08] Speaker 1: yeah, so maybe that I'm better off working with two or three people that have specialist areas initially, you know, and just what

[1179:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: might only be for 10 hours. Yeah, person. Yeah. I tried to find for vas. If they're in the Philippines. I tried to go under under $7 an hour, you can usually find,

[1182:16] Speaker 1: Yeah, cuz I was working with the the PA the jobs pa thing, pH, and I had about 180 people apply. And then that's like, overwhelmed, because then it's like, who actually does

[1186:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: know? Yeah, so yeah, totally. So what I'll do is I'll look through their portfolio. Yeah, they're not well communicated and what they sent me I automatically disqualify them. So I'm real fast through them. Yeah, go through the 180. And if they don't even have a portfolio link, they're disqualified. Yeah, yeah. If they if it sounds like a boilerplate response, disqualified. And if they're, if they're, I look at what their price is, if their rate is higher than what I'm looking for disqualify us. I'll whittle it down to usually four or five people. Yeah, that have a portfolio that is exactly what I'm looking for. And so on online jobs, that pH you want their portfolio to be almost identical to the task that you're going to have them do. Have confidence that they'll because a lot of them, they're going to lie on online jobs. Stop here. Yeah. Oh, I can do this. Yeah. So you wanna you want to just be quick and just real like, like judgmental of them? Nope, you're disqualified, you're disqualified, you're not? No. And you'll find a four or five that are a good fit for you much.

[1204:17] Speaker 1: Yes, yes, I think that's the thing. Because once you've got a really good team, then you can just absolutely, you can dial it in, and you can really start to get into structure and a rhythm of running the events, you know. So I feel like that's what I'm kind of doing at the moment is getting the right team. Yeah. So Yeah. Brilliant. Okay, thanks so much. Great. All right.

[1209:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Listen, if anybody came in here late, the recording will be in the members area of the live training. It was a great training here today, I highly recommend you go back and take a look at this. Somebody had mentioned a question here. I just want to show you guys something that I did. Just to help me read through the chat. I actually took all the chat messages that Joelle sent me earlier. And I went into open AI and I gave it a prompt, I said, Read above chat and find the question that people actually asked. So that helps me augment my brain to not have to read through a bunch of questions. So just a few quick questions people asked, somebody said, how can we find the courseware signed up with and how far we are in a program. If you're in the accelerator, you get access to all of the courses. And so then it will show you at the top which lessons you've completed, and you'll be able to find those in there in the members area at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Yes, people can ask questions when they're on the Webinars, but you can turn off the question and answer, I leave it on because I again, I, I am a sponge for feedback, good and bad. I want as much feedback because then I filter it through the AI and it finds me little nuances that I'm looking for you want to know a nuance I just discovered this week. If somebody is unwilling to grow their email list, they're not qualified for our programs. If they're unwilling to even get people on their email list, they're not qualified. And so that's a big one. Because everything that we do the profitability of what we do hinges on email marketing is a big part of it. Okay. Um, where do you find the Facebook link with Zoom? It's it's under the more drop down, you're able to find that? How do we search YouTube for the top topics, just type in a few rough keywords into YouTube and see what results come back about those? I would spend even an hour or two going through your niche different ideas for YouTube searches, even asking chat UBT. That's actually actually be, let's, let's, let's have the AI help us with this right here. I'm wanting to find some of the best topics on YouTube. About the above, I always say about the above. So it references all of the information above this that we've already given it.

[1249:17] Speaker 0: And then we can say, what are some top search terms to look for?

[1252:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: How to Avoid inheritance disputes effective estate planning how to deal with. So like, for instance, the the gal who has this as her offer, I'd have her go through every single one of these search terms and YouTube, see what the top videos are see which ones have like hundreds of 1000s of views. And now those become ideas for her offers right there. Those become ideas and then she can map out a webinar based on one or two of those and see how people how people react and respond. Okay. And then what was the what was the last one here? Oh, yeah. I'm a asked. This is actually a funny question. I'll be with Joshua. Joshua. That was an interesting one. Because the story with Joshua Giles, he wrote me and was like, Hey, can you coach me to do what you did with Rick and I was like, great. Sure. It's gonna cost this much. We coached a year, he made 15k a month. He's like, Hey, could you consult me? And so I'm like, yeah, it's gonna be 8k a month. And he's like, great. Here's $1,000 a month. I consulted him. He made $140,000 a month at that, at that time doing that. And so part of my consulting with him and I did the same thing with Rick is the I actually did part of his sales pitch with him, as I would do the close on the final pitch day for his webinar for his challenge is that I only do that with people that are consulting clients. What's a consulting client? Well, I'm writing their copy. I'm helping write the ads. We're working together. The next best thing to that as I mentioned that we have the Christmas in July sale for my one on one coaching that would be a great one. had to work with me to be able to get me to help you with your copy and all that you get the audit and all that. Did it help me grow my business when we did that? That is the funny response. No, it did not. The people that I got through that they were the worst people on my email list. It was like, it was just terrible. Because he like shared the contacts and all that Ave, you're probably the only person who is like, good that came out of that, that as far as the partner thing. And so I've not find a lot of positivity in by partnering with people to grow my own business. The only reason I did that with Joshua was to help him grow his. And to help kind of hold his hand through the sales pitch process, I did the same thing with Rick, we did his challenges, I did the sales pitch day with him. And what we found was that would when I did the sales pitch 50,000 100,000. And then he started to get better at the sales pitch by watching me do that. That's why I tell you when you go into the members area of the accelerator, and you're able to watch me do the sales pitch when you're able to go through the recordings of the by the way, Joshua watched a number I didn't have this archive. When Rick and Joshua did it. They watched through a bunch of people's webinars a bunch of people's challenges. That's why I give you all of my webinars and challenges in here for you to really break down and reverse engineering into your business. And that's why now let's chat CBT, you can have it take the outline and actually create an outline based off of my webinars. That's what we actually talked about at the beginning of this session. And that's what we're going over in that course, the successful webinars course. All right, Michelle.

[1311:02] Speaker 2: So since I'm a visual person and a visual learner, have you heard anything with chat, GPT? Are they going to be able to? Is there gonna be any visual things like find the best template or thumbnail? Like what resonates most? Is that coming down the pipeline at all? That you know of?

[1315:43] Speaker 0: Not that I know of, but I I'm sure it will. It's the it's so it's such a that's a great idea. I love

[1318:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: who I mean, they they do have they claimed that GPT four has like a visual aspect to it. That's an interesting question. But I love that question. Right? When to be cool, because that's because the mid journey is really good at generating images. Mid journey can generate stuff that looks as good as a photograph now. And you can even see what is that how

[1325:36] Speaker 2: you did your hat? And that image?

[1326:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, I did, I did the hat in. In dolly and open AI, I use their dolly to out painting, which is similar to the generative AI in Adobe Photoshop. Okay, so Adobe Photoshop has in their Beta, I haven't used it, but I need to load it up on my computer where you can like trace around what you want, and it'll generate stuff on different images. As far as creating templates for your website and stuff. A lot of that is subjective to the marketplace. The best way to know what what landing page templates are converting is what are other marketers on your Facebook ads feed, Twitter feed, Instagram feed, that are running ads, what are their landing pages look like? And just model the people that are running ads right now on social media? As far as how their landing pages are structured?

[1339:08] Speaker 2: How do you find them? Again? Isn't there a way to find your competitors are similar?

[1340:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, so there's a way to find all of their ads? Yeah, the way that I do it is I just go do a bunch of searches on on those topics. And then I visit a bunch of websites. And then I'll go try to find all the Facebook groups and all the leaders pages, and I'll interact with a bunch of their posts and then within 24 hours, I'll start seeing their ads being advertised to me.

[1345:52] Speaker 2: Okay, that makes sense. Do you use your real name since your Yeah, okay.

[1347:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Yeah. Just curious. Oh, when I when I opt into their offers, no, I use a, I use a different name. I'll usually put like J crack or something. I use my J. I don't care if they know it's me, though, honestly, it's fine. But I'm telling you, I opt in everybody's offers that are in that are out there. I have a I have an email account that has like 60,000. I get probably 500 emails a day, from marketers to it, and it's an email swipe file, and then I'm able to take the best ones. If I'm like, hey, I need an email on this topic. I'll actually search for the topic. Like when I'll search for email marketing, I'll search for growing your email list, and I'll see who sent out emails in the last two months on that topic. I'll find the one that I liked the most and I'll chat GPT He to rewrite it for my offer. And I'll send it to my list. So I'm just resonates with you might. What I'm doing is I'm having chat CBT rewrite the emails and offers of people that are already out there. Yeah, my Funnel Hacking it and having it fit into what are the uniqueness areas that are out there? Abby says what can Jonathan help you with? She can help you upload your Facebook ads. She knows how to use Jasper and chat GPT somewhat. If you give her commands to use, she can. And she can build Squarespace landing pages. So she's really she's pretty good at doing like landing pages and stuff. All right, Stacy.

[1372:47] Speaker 3: Hello, hi. I really appreciate all your mental your mindset coaching and just encouragement in that area. It's really helpful. I got a technical question that was very frustrating. I was trying to go live from zoom into Facebook. And I was I wasn't able to initially I did a lot of YouTube searching and stuff. And finally, I figured out how to do it through the other selection. I can't it won't let me do it through the Facebook thing. I click on the go live on Facebook. And then it it comes up to Facebook, but then it gives me a button to press and I pressed the button and it just stays there. It doesn't go anywhere.

[1388:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you're doing it in a Facebook group, did you add the app to the Facebook group?

[1389:26] Speaker 3: So I'm trying to do it to my page. Is that is that allowed to my business page page from zoom? Yes. So it's not a group. It's just a page. But I went on there and looked at at apps or whatever on the end the only app I saw for zoom is the Zapier zoom Zapier or something

[1395:44] Speaker 1: I don't know. Yeah. Okay, I

[1397:09] Speaker 3: I'm kind of stuck. I did

[1397:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: settings in zoom Do you have it set to where you can go live on Facebook? Yes, yes, I did that so that when you go live it opens up a window to go live and then what happens there

[1401:21] Speaker 3: it it when I when I go live it goes into this button that it's it doesn't make it into Facebook it's a button that says you know you need to some I forgot what it said but it's trying to get into Facebook and it won't go in I'll press the button and it won't go in. It's very frustrating. I did actually figure out how to do the other one though where it'll it's not Facebook Live it's going into other it's the other option but it's a lot more work you got to click all these stream links and it's a lot more work a lot more time and I don't want to be doing

[1413:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: your Facebook security settings are set up that could be one thing it could be or computer security or browser security settings. So that can also be part of it.

[1416:52] Speaker 0: As far as going live on Facebook, let me see that is hard for me to be able to fully like diagnose that

[1419:26] Speaker 3: yeah I know it's a hard sit

[1420:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: very this is going live on Facebook software like stream yard is a little bit easier to use. So straight so if you're if you're just really wanting to go live on Facebook with content stream yard.com

[1424:38] Speaker 3: And I can I can go to zoom from Zoom,

[1425:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: zoom. It's just stream yard into Facebook. Okay, it's okay. Yeah, you can also go live in Facebook right on Facebook.

[1428:35] Speaker 3: Yeah, I know. The problem is if I'm meeting more people if I'm somebody or that I have to do zoom

[1430:40] Speaker 0: Okay, so

[1432:27] Speaker 3: Well, this helps it gives me some some ideas of how to

[1433:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: what version of zoom Are you on? Um, I'm on the pro version. Okay. That might be a question that Zoom support might be able to help you were to

[1437:10] Speaker 3: i i sent I wish I could talk to a live person I sent them an email or not an email but a thing on their platform and that I don't get any feedback. So it would be nice if I could talk to a live person on there because it's like, I don't know where to go for the answer.

[1444:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: So obviously, there's a bunch of videos on like, how to livestream zoom to Facebook. So you get to this screen right here.

[1448:23] Speaker 3: Let me see. I can't see it. Oops. No, I don't think I don't think I get I got that far. I just got

[1452:15] Speaker 0: to have you log in to Facebook?

[1453:15] Speaker 3: Yes, it's the logging into Facebook. That's the way it gets blocked. Okay.

[1455:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so here's what you might have to do. Have you tried this? You'd go to go live on Facebook, you log in, it gets blocked? Have you tried closing the window? And then going live again, on Facebook in that window?

[1459:05] Speaker 3: I believe I tried that, like I tried opening windows, closing windows. Everything I could? I think so I think

[1462:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: we have Google, let's see a chat GPT with beings browser can help us answer this.

[1465:16] Speaker 0: When I try to go live on Zoom, and I go to log into Facebook. It it, it blocks me from moving forward, and I can't get to where it allows me to string.

[1469:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's try this out and just see, you know, this is kind of how I research stuff like this. Let's see, sorry to hear you're having trouble.

[1472:54] Speaker 0: Check your is your zoom version updated? Is Facebook allowed to have access? Check your settings under apps and websites?

[1475:50] Speaker 2: Did you add that idea of a group? Stacy has a group then she can do it for the group? And then it should bring it up for because you have to enable that app in the group. And that may do it for your personal page.

[1479:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Do you have any ad blockers on your browser?

[1481:22] Speaker 3: I'm not sure probably.

[1481:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that might be part of it too. Sometimes different ad blockers can block it's trying to treat it like it's an add up those types of blocks. So that's why I said it could have to do with security settings that are stopping you from being able to log in and do that

[1486:51] Speaker 4: really quickly if I may, Jeremiah, yeah, I had this same problem. Okay. What I had to do was because you know, we have business pages, right. So I had to add my personal page as an administrator. Okay. And then when you log into Facebook it will say Do you approve to be administrator of this group? And when I did that it automatically age

[1494:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm sorry. He's trying to go live on her page.

[1494:50] Speaker 4: She's trying Oh her regular Facebook page. Yeah, business paint a business page and see I understand but because of the way my and this is just something to check the way my Zoom was set up. It only allowed me to go live on my page through giving permission through also because I had both under the same name so I don't know if that's an issue. But that's just something to consider. Now.

[1501:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Those are just those are some different things to check out. I another another thing that you might want to look

[1503:26] Speaker 0: at is let's take a look if I'm looking at my page to see if there's like page ACSA here no business

[1509:29] Speaker 0: Oh, I see what you're saying. It's only the Zapier app. Let's

[1511:48] Speaker 0: see if there's a Facebook group for like, Zoom troubleshooting. Again, I wish I hadn't a full answer to this. I'm a little stumped as well. If I was on your computer, I might be able to figure it out. You could also I'm wondering. So this is this is where I look at this. There's a there's a Facebook group. There's Facebook groups with like people that help troubleshoot zoom Greetings.

[1520:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you could try to jump into one of these and see if there's anybody that even could help answer your question or help troubleshoot with you. So that's one because it's on Facebook there people on Facebook. Was that what did I say? Oh, yeah, let's see if we can find this might be a job even for somebody on Fiverr Upwork fiber,

[1527:47] Speaker 1: zoom, Facebook

[1529:50] Speaker 0: page livestream stream, see if there's like a highly rated person

[1535:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't know how to rate rank all this. But you might be able to find somebody that can help you set up the streaming and the zoom on here. So there's a few different avenues that we can go to to try to solve that problem. But one that I would look for is if you have like an ad blocker on there. Oh, yeah, Ave says possibly try Microsoft Edge as your default web browser. Which actually Microsoft Edge is a good browser, I would recommend at least having it installed on your computer. And then see if zoom opens Microsoft Edge to stream out out of and that also might work for you that he just shared a link into here. So okay, awesome.

[1548:38] Speaker 3: Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, so

[1548:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: those are just a few things to try out. See, see if any of those work. Um, also, this actually brings us to, okay, so I've just shared

[1551:54] Speaker 0: a link the official zoom community, right here, see. So this is a community, you could go through Facebook page blocked logging in, you could type in a few of your issues. I can't stream to Facebook.

[1557:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: You could possibly type in your issue. And see if there's anybody else who had a similar issue, can't connect look at can't connect Facebook to stream live stream to a Facebook page permission error to look at these are all people that have the same issue issue that you could read? What responses maybe

[1561:39] Speaker 0: they got? See if there are some responses, and you check it? Yeah, see, everybody's

[1563:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: saying if there's third party browser extensions, like ad blockers seems to be a big one. All right. So that's just that's how we like we everything is solvable. But we might have to utilize community resources to solve it. There's for a lot of software, there's a lot of great free resources to solve issues.

[1569:16] Speaker 0: You know, Squarespace has an incredible support community, for instance. Zoom looks like they got a great support community. Stream yard has a support community. So those are those are some ideas for you. You can also Yeah, post in the in the client growth accelerator group as well. Like I said, I would take a look at some of those things. Does that help? Awesome. All right. All right, everybody.

[1577:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm going to log off here again, once the recording is up should be up for the next 24 to 48 hours in the members area for the live training here today. The first hour portion. I was laughing literally in tears crying. All the emotions all the great. It was it was it was a good session. So it was a great training session. Next week, I think we're gonna go into even some more technical stuff. A lot of zoom questions have been coming in, y'all are making me want to, like make a whole zoom course, which is funny, I'm thinking of doing it, though, is like a free course on YouTube.

[1588:36] Speaker 1: On zoom, just because I you know,

[1590:02] Speaker 0: that way, it'll be like a playlist you can go through to like solve a lot of these different zoom problems. The last month we've had is a bunch of zoom questions. So I'm gonna go through some of those and see if I can put a lesson plan together to help solve some of that stuff. So all right, have a good one. And we have a we have our as I mentioned, our schedule is live in the group. You can find the schedule for our upcoming sessions. It's pinned to the top. I just updated it

[1597:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: this morning. And yes, Happy Fourth of July to all the Americans. Thank you. Our freedom from England day Of course is it it's not yeah right there we go have a good one everybody talk soon

