Client Growth Accelerator - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-01-16T19:10:20.000Z
Duration: 103 min
Otter ID: jZGCYxqbc1QjIFd3Ws9lnT-j9Kg
---

[0:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. All right. All right. Here we go. Go into the Facebook group here with the live Hello, hello. Hello. Join us live here there we go post in the group we've seen the group

[11:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Welcome, welcome. We're a couple minutes early here. How's everybody doing? If you're watching on the recording I'm so glad that you're here. I just got done mapping out my next one day session that I'm doing I'm doing this the Saturday plan and create your signature online course or coaching program the easy way as a free training and then that'll lead people to my five day five day deal that I'm doing and it's going to be that's going to be all pre recorded, which is cool. I've done everything a lot. The one I did Saturday was pre recorded as well it was automated except for the VIP, of course. The VIP I don't I don't have an AI that can answer people's questions for me yet. So I'm sure you all are grateful for anyways, let's wait till the top of the hour to kind of dive into it. Being a new dad is unique. I've learned a lot about myself. I've learned a lot about how to manage my time about managing my emotions. Do you have a lack of sleep? Learn that I need to make sure that I'm hydrated fed. Because you cannot you know you can actually make up for lack of sleep as a new parent. If you're eating enough and drinking enough water I've found it's helping me tremendously like

[42:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: so Anyways, welcome today. This is the live training portion of our our class and I'm excited I got I got a number of things I want to share with you, all of you today in the client growth accelerator. Some great news that I have. If anyone's watching this right now live. Everybody's going to ask him for it. I'm like, Yeah, I'm going to do a bonus lesson I am actually turning the bonus lesson about automating your live events into a course. And it's going to be a course about automating basically putting your business on automation as far as the live video, and how you can run a lot of that. We did that a lot for Rick Pitino. We're doing that a lot with my mom. And so again, I mentioned at the beginning here, most people might not realize this. The event that I did Saturday was pre recorded. So I wasn't even live teaching for those two hours that I did Saturday. And I just hopped on and did the q&a. I honestly was helping mom with the baby while the recording was playing. And and basically monitoring the comments and watching that. But it worked out great. It worked out really well the differences it was the first time I'd ever broadcast it and it was all brand new content. So it wasn't like something that I had shown before. If you're gonna show pre recorded content over and over and over again, it's probably best that you tell people that like this is a replay. But this wasn't a replay. So that's why it was like it was a live broadcast. And then I did a live q&a After I'm doing the same thing here this weekend. Plan out and create your signature online course and coaching program the easy way basically I'm gonna walk people through using chat GPT a lot of the stuff we've been showing in the group stuff we've been showing in the trainings and so if maybe you're still stuck wondering how do I plan out map out my course and coaching program, you'll you're gonna want to watch this at least. And then the training that I did on Saturday was also really good as far as paid advertising. I just kind of recapped in the second half of that, about how we use chat GPT and Jasper Right are paid ads come up with our scripts and all that. But like I mentioned, it was it was pre recorded, which is cool. Yeah, Nina says no idea it was pre recorded Exactly. And here's why I say that as as I recommend, I think that every one of us should get to the point where we want to autopilot pre record, our pitches just doesn't make sense to be live all the time, right. However, however, I do still believe that you should do it live, and get good at doing it live. Because there's nuances to doing it live and your confidence. If you can sell live, you can sell it pre recorded. I've found again, it was with myself. Rick Pino is an example. And even my my mom was we had tried to do pre recorded sales pitches for a while. And they didn't convert. And we're like, Why did webinars not work for us? And I went through a training with anthony morrison and then a training with Russell Brunson, and both of them said this is you want to do your webinar, and you want to do your challenge live at least a couple of times before you put a recorded version of it out there. And so I just I'll say this, this is a testament to me, as your your your recording is going to perform better? Can you put a pre recorded training out there without doing it live? Sure. You're just running the risk that it might not connect with people as well as you want? Exactly. So Deborah, I'm not sure what you mean by same message. So but it was pre recorded, it was, it had never been played for other people before. So I pre recorded it on Wednesday night, and then played it on Saturday. So it wasn't something that was old. It was brand new. So it was it was fresh. It was brand new to the group of people. But it was pre recorded. I wasn't physically there on Saturday at 11am. talking into a camera, a recording of me talking to a camera at about 10 o'clock at night, three days before was blamed is what it was. And so what are the differences that I'm finding when delivering my message? Let me so here's Yes. Again, let me back up here. I've been saying I'm going to do a bonus lesson on doing a pre recorded, it's going to be the next course that I release. So the next course in the program is gonna be all about automating the process, putting everything on autopilot using pre recorded I'm gonna go through the tech stuff, because I realized it's probably going to take more than one lesson for me to break all this down to walk you guys through that whole process. But I'm gonna show you how to do it in Facebook groups, how to use webinar fuel, how to use stream, yard, restream, OBS, all of that, it's going to be a course, about how we utilize those for pre recorded whether you're on Zoom, or you're doing it on a Facebook group. Most of the methodology is the same. I'll go into the process of like, what do you say? And so again, that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go back to Monica's question, what's the difference in delivering my message? I found that when I wasn't live when we tried to talk, not live. It just, my energy was disconnected from the audience. It was like I was talking to a version of somebody that wasn't real. Like, if I'm talking to you right now on here, there's a different dynamic between how I'm talking, getting the feedback. I see Donna nodding her head right there. I see Joey petting his beautiful cat, you know, and so, like that dynamic is here live and when you do a few presentations, live to a room if you've done live presentations to a room before, you know the nuance of that. But we ran into this with with Rick and I'll tell you this, Rick is just a great example of this Rick Pino was, because he's one of the most confident presenters and teachers I've ever met. Of just natural like confidence. He has no lack of self belief and self esteem. He he tells me his struggle as being humble. Whereas he like you know, so like, we're we were like, the yin and yang of that. Whenever talking, I'm like, Okay, I'm like dealing with confidence. He's like, Yeah, I could use a little less sometimes. Because I just think I am amazing all the time, as well, he thinks so there's usually those are two different types of personalities, too. I was listening to a John Maxwell training on that and he was talking about there's usually two different types of people really in the world when it comes to leaders. They are just way too confident, or they have no confidence. And so the ones with no confidence need to raise theirs up that someone like me, that a lot of members in the A group like that the person who's just altra, confident and kind of cocky, they need to come back down to earth a little bit. And it's kind of finding that nuance. And that balance is kind of the yin and yang of both, when it comes to leadership and teaching is like that. He was a very competent person. His pre recorded webinars flopped horribly. So I told him, I said, let's try this out, let's do the webinar live. And it's sold like crazy. And so then he's like, I want to try pre recorded again. It flopped, no sales. And he was like, man, like, do webinars even work? I'm like, Well, here's the thing, dude. The pre recorded worked really well. I mean, the live ones worked really well, the pre recorded didn't so much, what if you do it live. And that's why I just encouraged him when I was coaching him for the last year was do it live for a couple of months, get the nuance down. And then pre recorded. Now he does everything pre recorded. And it sounds great, because he took that time to learn the nuance of doing it live. Whereas when he did it pre recorded, it just it missed. It missed massively. And so the other part is, the difference of delivering your message pre recorded versus live, is it goes back to the six steps.

[182:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I feel like there's another step, I talk about it a little bit in the selling for people who struggle with selling course, if you haven't checked that out in the members area, and maybe you say, well, that's me, I struggled to sell, I made this for the group because I want this group to become the strongest group of salespeople on the planet. People who sell with integrity, people who sell because they want to help people, people who who know that sales is a form of service. And I feel like I like all of you, that's this group, like, you don't want to just sell somebody just to make a buck. I'm not that way, I will literally walk away from a sale, if I don't think it's a good fit from somebody. That's also a good selling point to tell people. I've also been called that that's BS, by people when I say I'll walk away from a sale. But the truth is, if you know me, I will. And so I will walk away from the sale. successful selling for people who struggle to sell, here's the thing that I found is that that standard for my life has actually served me really well. It helps me sleep at night. And we make a lot of really good money still doing that. And so this course goes over my process for sales. We're on lesson three. And that lesson one and two are really kind of those mindset foundations. Lesson Three goes into kind of the nitty gritty of what do you say? And we're going to be talking about closing sales in the next lesson. So this one's about connecting, this is probably one of the best trainings that I've ever done on sales. Is this one right here, I did it last week, the right words that connect with buyers when selling. And so if you're doing virtual events, whether it be pre recorded or not, you're gonna want to check out this course right here. So that's in the members area, there's also in the members area. Of course, let me look it up here, let me find it.

[218:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, keeps, it's funny, it keeps like revoking my access to the client growth accelerator. There we go. So there's another course of their communication skills to improve your teaching and speaking, if you want to get better as a teacher, as a communicator, to learn how I teach my methodologies behind that. This is content I've never shared anywhere else. And honestly, like I pray before each lesson, I'm like, Lord, like, give me the words. And what comes out of it is honestly, these are some of the three best lessons I've ever taught on this topic about just how do you connect with the audience better? How do you show up with the right energy? How do you grow in confidence in what you're teaching. And so that's the course effective communication skills to improve your teaching and speaking that's also in the members area. And so those are the two courses that I'm finishing out right now. Then I'm going to go into I'm going to create an official course, basically a flagship of the six steps to six figures as a coach. I'm going to break down the six steps in one specific course. The idea behind that is new people can follow along with that as their starting point. They can go through the six steps. And if you're saying hey, I'm stuck, where do I Start, that's going to be a great one for you to go through as well. And then I'm going to add to that then another course that's all about automating your business doing it pre recorded and all that. Are there any courses on storytelling to get better at it? So I do go over storytelling and one of the lessons in here is this irresistible offers that sell. Under right here, lesson 14, what can we learn from storytelling. And this breaks down the just the hero's journey framework. It's a it's a 17 minute lesson. Not too long. I also have on my YouTube a number of stuff, I wouldn't say I have a course on that topic. Because it's not as relevant to like, what we're doing right now. But I'd love to know your thoughts on that Dawn, as far as like how we might be able to implement more on the storytelling into the group. Right here, million dollar storytelling framework, seven figure storytelling techniques, ads, not converting, try the storytelling trick, sell more with storytelling. So these are actually free trainings that are on my YouTube that really actually go into a lot of that, which is super cool. Okay, all right. So the nuance of when it's pre recorded, the difference is just your energy shows up different. And so you want to match the energy of live, if it's pre recorded, you want it to feel the people like the same energy that you show up with live. And what's interesting beneath, you know, as you study parts work, when I see it as is you're almost creating, I've created this part, this persona, that shows up live. So I'm able to tap into it when I pre record because I've trained that part of me how to show up, which is pretty cool. So it's it's a little bit of a different hat that I put on, when I'm doing a live sales presentation versus a live coaching interaction. When I'm in live one on one coaching, it's a completely different hat. I'm way more attentive, listening, really diving into, like, what somebody's individual nuances are that they're dealing with. Versus when I'm in a group setting, it's like, how can I impact the group the most. So that's really kind of the difference between that I'll break that down in the course, about automating and all of that there'll be lessons in there as well about that. Um, these these comments that you guys are making actually really good right now, since it's helping me, I've done live recording, we use it, I think knowing that people are listening to us, helps us posture and present differently than talking to a camera if we're not used to it. 100% I 100% agree with that, knowing that people are listening live. And really what it is, is like, when you're live to people, you can't run away and hide, you can't turn the camera off, it kind of forces you into the deep end, there comes a place where we have to really push ourselves into the deep end in our business, where we have to actually show up in the deep end in our business, and not be timid to like Well, I'm not sure if I should dip my toe in. dipping your toe in is part of the process. It's gonna help you grow and learn and get better. You're going to actually get better at what you do by dipping your toe into the deep end and showing up that way. Okay, that's why I often say you want to map out your your, your your course, build an offer, and then do a live zoom call so that you're basically thrust into the deep end of coaching and teaching people live. So you have a captive audience that you have to teach and coach with. We have some really great numbers from Nathaniel Iverson, he's running his first offer. Right now he posted in the group that he got his first troll and that's the thing Listen, you're gonna get trolls you're gonna get rude people you're gonna get mean people. I had one write me this morning. just ripping into me accusing me about how crooked and terrible and horrible I am. Flush that one down the toilet because honestly, I don't care about their opinion. Just like bless you have a good one. I don't need to take that one in. It bothered me for about five minutes and then I let it go. I'm Nathaniel Iverson's right here. He's running his offer. If anybody wants to jump into it and check it out, you can find it by going to I think it's Nathaniel iverson.com. Forward slash masterclass the links right there. So he's teaching about basically funding he calls it your impossible calling. And how he it, he has a number of different principles, just spiritual principles about finances. He comes from corporate America and Silicon Valley. And his leads he's getting leads for I think he wrote me right here. $12 a lead. He's got 31 people signed up so far 11 of them are in his Facebook group already. And so those are really good numbers. 30% are already in the group. You want to have at least 40% opening your emails, which is good. And so that's working, those numbers are working, but he's getting trolls as well. Those trolls are a sign that you're doing the right thing, those trolls are a sign that you're actually marketing to the right people. No, we do not delete comments. And that's a big part of the process that I have found. That actually helps is a you want to leave the negative comments up there, you don't want to delete them. Because you want people to see that you're not trying to suppress people's opinions. And it actually doesn't serve you to delete the comments, it actually serves to show leave comments, and they're even if they're negative, we've found that it hurts more to delete the comments and to just leave them. So my mom leaves the comments. Honestly, I would tell you this, don't even read the comments on your ads. It's not worth it. If somebody wants to DM you off an ad, then you can pay attention to it. I used to read a lot of the comments off of the ads and respond back. It's not worth it. I just I just ignore that the comments on the ads. If it bothers you emotionally, if you get to the point where they don't bother you emotionally, then go ahead and read them respond to the ones that are nice, but honestly, for me, it bothered me a lot emotionally. When I was running ads for what I believed was one of the best Facebook ads courses ever, in 2020. And people were like, you're a scammer all this, it literally bothered me, I'm like it, it actually stopped me from growing my business, I struggled so much with the opinions of other people that it made me stop launching, as I had to get to the point where you can accuse me comment, say whatever you want, it doesn't faze me, it's just like water off a duck's back. It just flows off, it just disappears, doesn't bother me. And I might take into account, if it's somebody who like is in one of our programs, I might take into account if it's somebody who's a one on one client. But even then, people go through stuff, somebody might have had a horrible, I've seen this happen by the way, they lost everything. Half their family members died. And they got kicked out of their house. And they just, they're just angry and upset at the world. And they ended up taking it out on you and your Facebook group. They end up taking it out on you in the comments. By the way, that's most people, most people who get really negative at you. It's not personal. It's not about you, they're going through something. And so when we can look at it from compassion, that man, this person is probably going through something. It helps us not be bothered or to take it personally when that happens. Okay, I'm reading through some of the questions here. How do you trade the people that click watch by an engaged? I'm not sure what you mean by that Carmen? So true going alive? To practice when you're pre recording, so you know how to show up? Have you ever done a hybrid you live with record?

[378:20] Speaker 0: Um, we have done that with Rick, we did live with recorded case studies. I think that's great. I think that's awesome. Have you ever recorded case studies? Um, I, I haven't really. My mom and I are unique on this one. We don't we haven't used a lot of case studies in our presentations. We sort of tell the stories of our clients back to people versus having them on live. And I find that there's a complexity to trying to gather case studies live on your presentation. It's helpful. Um, it's not a bad thing. But I've just found it's simpler for me to not have to do any editing, to not have to do a lot of that. So, but it's not a bad thing. It can't help

[390:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you pretend you're talking to one person. Yes, exactly. It's the one to many model. I just jumped one day and then realized I could do. Yep. Awesome.

[396:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so when it comes to automating your content when it comes to doing that. It's again, it's all about the energy that you show up with. I'm not going to spend a lot of time on here any more just talking about that because I think the Horse is going to help you. The next thing that I wanted to share was, ah, man, it's so difficult when you want to help people. And you have this group of people that you want to help. But then you also have a business that you're running. How do you bring these two together? And how do you with your desire to have impact with people, not allow your desire to help people negatively affect you. So let me just, I'm just gonna be real vulnerable. Here, I had a, I had a, I've had numerous situations where I felt like I wanted to make a deeper connection with somebody and I ended up direct messaging them, and they were in a coaching group. And every time that I did that, and I didn't have the healthy boundaries of, hey, you need to join the coaching group to do this. And all of that, that person's expectations of me became inflated beyond what I could fulfill. And so and it's interesting, it hasn't actually happened with any female clients I've had, it's actually happening with male clients. It's probably because naturally, I have a sort of a boundary with female clients that I don't want to cross just because of my honor for my wife. Whereas with I'm with when I'm with male clients, I kind of remove that boundary a little bit, and I get a little more vulnerable. And I found that my desire to help people can end up creating more problems than it's worth. To where, okay, I might have helped somebody in a direct message with their copy one day. And then I helped them with their ads and other day. By the way, this just happened. So I'm not making up a story here. This actually just happened like this week. And then the person writes me and says, Hey, like, I'm completely appalled by you. You you misled me as to how much interaction that you were willing to give, you're crooked, you're vile, you're wicked. Like, I just can't believe that you're, that you're just in it for the money, I thought you were different. And I'm like, dude, like I answered, like two DMS for you about your copy and your ads, like, you know, but then this person, like, they built up a version of what they thought we had going on in their head. How many of you can relate to that when it comes to romantic relationships, that happens, right? You know, that happens in romantic relationships. Coaching and romance have a lot of crossover in human interaction, and to actually honor your paid clients. And to honor everybody else, having boundaries, even to the point where it might feel like you're neglecting to help people that you might feel called to help is important. Now, let me put a pause to that, right? If somebody comes to me and says, Jeremiah, I need prayer, I'm dealing with this, and they open up their heart like that, like, like, I'm going to listen to the one and listen to that person. And I'm going to provide some support, because I feel just as my, in my faith, that's important to do that. But then when it comes to like, business, it's important to have those boundaries of what you're willing to do and not willing to do and how you're willing to show up. Because if you're gonna do it for one person, you need to do it for everybody else. And if you give special treatment to another person, that person ends up expecting that constantly out of you. And then when you say, Hey, can you go post this in the Facebook group? They get offended because they're like, Well, hey, I thought I thought I could message you. So this this guy, he got offended, because he saw posts, I've made that, you know, I'm no longer doing direct messages unless you're a one on one client. And it's $30,000. And he's like, you know, that that was the last straw for him. And he he's been festering with anger for two months, since I made that post. And so, it was just I was just like, hey, man, like, Sorry, didn't work out. Wish you the best. He's like, Yeah, I wish the best to I don't want to work with anybody who's like you. I'm like, great. Awesome. And so that's what My boundaries are so important. That's why boundaries and making sure that even if you want to help somebody I can tell you from my experience, and watching leaders, being around mentors, being around people that have 1000s of people vying for their attention. It's better to offend somebody by being unavailable, then to allow people access. And this isn't like a law or a rule, like there are certain times where you will allow people to have access. There's nuance to that. But it's better to offend somebody like that they will get upset that they don't have access to you by saying, No, I can't do that. Here's another great example. I had a guy write me he's like, Hey, I paid $17. For the VIP for the last five day deal. You did. But I didn't show up. Can I get the next one free? I told him no. I said, this is a ticket for that one thing. He wrote me an angry message back and said, Listen, like I didn't use it like your your, like, what kind of business are you running, you're stealing $7 $17. And people I'm just like, but here's the thing like that. Also, those boundaries repelled the nightmare clients, those boundaries repel the people that are not a good fit for your programs. When we're starting out, we can have a temptation to feel like we can be all things to all people and help everybody, I had this issue where I wanted to help everybody. My mom, and I used to have arguments over this. And now she's my mentor on this. And I was like, But mom, like, I want to help these people. And she's like, you can't help everybody. It's not possible to help everybody, you need to have those boundaries of how much people can have access to you, you're giving people too much access to you, you're giving them too much access to you. And even still, like I'm noticing, I'm giving too much access even to this guy. In November and October, I had given a little bit of extra access to and then he completely created this, like, idea that we were like a side thing that was one on one coaching for free, or something, I don't know. And so all that to say boundaries are important. The other thing is too is like you don't want you really want to be careful making friends with your clients. If you were a friend before business that's different. Like I know, Denise from before, even she was in here, and she was a client of my mom's but we've talked we've seen you at church and different things like that, and, and stuff like that. So like, when I write you as well, I get a lot of value from our conversations. You know, sometimes I ask you questions about the parks, work stuff and things like that. But I know that like that's different. Like that's not going to turn into one of those situations. So that's where I like I have discernment on that. But I'm careful to not become friends, quote, unquote, with people that are clients, to where like, I'm going out to dinner with them and doing all this because the level of respect. Now people start to expect favors and not wanting to pay you and not wanting to get stuff for free. And then they end up using you for their advantage, then once you start pulling away from that, they get offended. And it creates this spirit of offense, it creates this offense. And now check this out. We can say Oh, I'm gonna blame that person for being a toxic person. No, actually, my desire to be all things to everybody else was also toxic. Let's take some ownership for this. Let's take some ownership for how we contributed to that toxicity. And I think that that's very important is to have those boundaries. And so when you're coaching, this is kind of a big part of that lesson that I'm sharing with you. It ties into the automation side of things by the way, you know, me automating my my free trainings. I'm gonna pre record all five days and my five day too. And just show up for the one hour q&a. Because on the feeding schedule, the baby's on, I can get away for an hour at a time.

[554:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or at night, if it's at 10 o'clock, I can do a two hour because the baby's down sleeping. We're learning like we need to keep baby awake during the day. So he's sleep at night. We made a mistake on that one in the first week. The baby kept us awake every hour of the night. He's like this is playtime and we're like all right, we're gonna make play time. all day long. And guess what he slept all night last night. And mom and dad are very happy. It's funny, we're just we're learning. It's great. Y'all are laughing people that are parents in here because you know exactly how it goes. And so but like in that my life has transitioned, I would say becoming a parent is a bigger transition for me than I realized, it's a bigger transition than me getting married was. And that was a huge transition. And so I'm finding I have to be fed, I have to eat, I have to feed myself spiritually. And I have to, I have to drink water throughout the day. How can I teach at 10 o'clock at night, and then wake up in the morning and adjust my schedule to fit a newborn is I got to take care of my physical body rest when I can. And, and then spend time in a way that works best for me. And so with that, it goes to boundaries. Um, before baby got here, I had this thing, mentally, that was blocking me, that has disappeared in the last week. I don't know what it is, but I'm way more confident right now. I have way more confidence. And I think it's, I think it might just be the lack of sleep too. But I just feel like I believe in myself way more. Um, I have a I have a like, like, a mission beyond just my business to to provide a future for this child. So that's one thing, right? And this isn't to knock anybody that doesn't have children as well. Because obviously, like I didn't have children for the longest time, so um, but I had this thing where I had to show up, live to everybody, and be available with my time to everybody, because I kept hearing this excuse from people, well, you don't have a kid. So what are you spending your time doing? And people would say, Well, you don't have a kid. So what are you wasting your time doing. And I had this that was a mental block that was literally stopping me from pre recording my sessions and my content. Now I'm like, legitimately, to actually grow my business and to be a father, as I have to pre record my sessions, I have to pre record my content, I have to get to that place. And so that's a level of a boundary if one or two people gets offended, because they found out after they joined the client growth accelerator that the free training they were on on a Saturday was pre recorded. A, they're probably not a good fit for this program. Because what we're teaching you how to do is how to not work 100 hours a week how to only have to work five to 10 hours a week, my mom only works, my mom has not worked more than 10 hours a week, in like eight years. Rick Pino doesn't work more than five to 10 hours a week in his business, because of their systems in place, their systems that you can put into place. So the goal is a the first step solopreneur goal, you use technology to automate things. solopreneur goal, you use technology to automate everything. Once you bring in the revenue, then you end up hiring people and you automate things with people. So that's the next stage right there. Now, I think in this group, you can stay a solopreneur. And that's totally fine, you will have a cap on your income of around 20 to 30,000 a month, I found this, it's like there's a 20 to $30,000 a month income on solopreneur. Ship, then you gotta get team members. And if you think about that, then each team member should add about $30,000 a month to your bottom line. Or they should at least add double the triple what their salary is. Something like that. So now I have team members that are automating certain sides of my business, as well. But I think the number one way to automate is to is to pre record your content and to utilize different tools to do that. And then to make sure that you are respecting boundary. That's exactly Monica. That's why That's why this is going to become a whole course. Right there. respecting boundaries for yourself, and holding to those boundaries strictly as important. I can come up with a number of reasons why I give up my boundaries. Well, I don't want this person to feel dishonored. I don't want to be misunderstood. I don't want people to judge me. As not in it, right? I end up laying down my boundaries. Because I don't want somebody to think something on me. And we end up trying to manage other people's opinions about us around boundaries. Now, Monica, you just you, you actually were just talking about what I was going to talk about in the next session. Next part of this training right here, pricing also goes right into this. Pricing, we end up trying to manage people's opinions, people's opinions of us, we try to manage their actions with how we price things, we end up being timid on our pricing and struggling with that, for the same reason that we end up struggling with boundaries. So boundaries can be in a number of different areas, boundaries can be relational. boundaries can be with pricing. boundaries can be with your time, boundaries can also be with your with your mental and brain. Having mental and brain boundaries, I'm not going to allow my brain to go there. You put up that stop sign, when we learn to operate in these boundaries, with our time with our relationships, with our finances, with our mental and our brain, it creates, it creates an environment where success and finances and abundance can actually enter into our life. When we lack boundaries, and we're kind of pulled one way or the other, whether it be with our mental focus, our time, our relationships, and even finances and pricing, I'm gonna go into that in a second about pricing. We end up here's what we're saying subconsciously is I'm not worth making myself a priority. I'm not worth doing what I want. My worth is only up to the level of what I can give to other people based on their demands. But we have no boundaries. So we ended up saying that my worth is tied to other people demanding me or how much I've performed or how much I've earned. I used to have this thing where if somebody was a multimillionaire, I would allow them to violate my boundaries, because I felt that I had not earned the right to exercise a boundary with them because their income is so much higher. I had felt that if somebody was a certain spiritual leader at a certain level, that I had to lay down my boundaries because they are closer to God. Like, how toxic is that? in me. And it's funny because this was not explicitly taught to me, I don't think this is taught. I think this comes in through experience. We want people to like us, we want to make money, we want things to go. It's ultimately I think, tied to I think it's tied to managing and maintaining other people's emotions and control. And us trying to control how things go. Now, when we're running webinars, when we're learning to sell when we're learning to influence when we're learning to run Facebook ads, when we're learning to write emails, there is a level of control that's in there of how I can control passively where somebody goes, what they're looking at when they show up at a certain time, right, but I'm not doing it to try to control somebody, I'm giving somebody an opportunity to show up at those times. When we step into the only reason why we lay down our boundaries usually is because we're trying to make somebody else do something for us. And so it becomes actually very manipulative. We end up trying to please others. Because we feel like if this person abandons me, if this person leaves me, they're all I had. And now what do I have left? If I don't have them, so we end up mentally going into different places.

[713:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: processing through conversations catastrophizing over scenarios. I'm gonna be real honest with you all. I have had probably the worst mental health days of the last year in the last week, having this new baby, not sleeping as much. I've had the hardest mental health days. But you know what? I didn't let them defeat me. I said, Okay, what do I know I can do? Okay, I can eat, I can go for a walk, I can drink water, I can listen to some good audiobooks that I know, realign me, I can listen to honestly, I listened to some worship music and got me back in there. And so it's realigning ourselves re centering ourselves with how we operate in our most powerful. When you have boundaries, it allows you it's sort of like it puts muscles on your efforts. Boundaries amplify every activity that you have, they become stronger, their value goes up. When I have a boundary that says, I'm not going to direct message everybody all the time. Now the value on how somebody can direct message me does go up. Could that offend certain people? Yes. It will offend people who benefited from taking advantage of my lack of boundaries. It offended this guy who felt like he had a slight advantage for my lack of boundaries. And that offense, festered and turned into a nasty email that he wrote me. And, and truthfully, like, I feel for him, he's going through a lot. He wants nothing to do with anything that I do. Like I asked him, I said, Hey, like you were so excited about all of this. For months, what happened? He's like, honestly, I don't like you. Everything you stand for is anti what I believe in. And I'm like, awesome. Great. And that's okay. And when we learn to not let that offend us, to allow people to reject us to allow people to actually get upset. I'm going to show you something my mom reshard it as well. Oh, what's her name? Nicole. Lip Lapera. Again, I love her books. Love Nicola Perez books, if you haven't checked out her book, how to do the work. I haven't read her new one. But how to do the work was so powerful. If you're just struggling with these mental blocks she made a post, honestly, her content is just great. If you follow her on social media, She's incredible. She made a post. Recently, she makes a lot of posts, which is awesome. It's funny actually like the style of how she does a lot of these posts. Anyways, I can't find the post, I'll just tell you what it is. It was either her or somebody else. And it was I'm going I'm going to disappoint people this year. I'm going to be a disappointment to people this year. I will disappoint people this year. And owning that as of even like a mantra of I will disappoint people this year and almost makes you like, feel like wait, is that bad? For me when I first started saying that it felt like is that like a wrong thing? No, the truth is, for us, when we exercise our boundaries, we have to actually own the fact that we are okay with disappointing people. We are okay with not measuring up to the level that certain people and it's probably only like five to 10% of people that you interact with, by the way, the other 95% You're not going to disappoint as much or they'll leave you. But there's those there's those five to 10% that they're gonna get disappointed. You're not going to measure up and even your loved ones like you're going to disappoint them. My wife has not been she's been disappointed in me the last week because I haven't had my mental health in order. And we've worked through that. So owning the fact that listen, we're going to disappoint people. But when we do, we can say how can I get back to center? If this is center right here, and I'm over here and I'm outside of that. How do I get back to center? See oftentimes we end up talking about in the personal development space of expanding our borders and our boundaries and our and getting out of our comfort zone. You know getting out of your comfort zone is a getting out of your comfort zone is a By way of pushing your boundaries, so there's a give and take to this for you to grow in your life, you're going to have to push your boundaries, but they need to be boundaries that you are strategically pushing yourself that you're choosing, not because you're trying to please others and make them happy. And that's one of the biggest keys. Okay? Now there's obviously again nuance to this, don't make this like a law or like well, Jeremiah said, like, I just need to upset everybody in my life. And that's how I should live my life. Like I didn't say that. If you're doing what's best for you and you keep and you keep kindness and compassion as your priority it'll it'll it'll help you why I'll be disappointing people in 2023 I suffer from good girl conditioning, making sure people are comfortable neglecting my own needs and not saying no to avoid guilt.

[815:14] Speaker 0: What am I Claire's childhood memories was my mom rehearsing excuses with me. I don't have many that stick out like this. It was something like this. I told my mom, I didn't want to go to a party. She gave me lines on how to make up an excuse and we practice them together. Then anxiety went through my body as I made the call. This was around 10 years old, and my mom had good intentions. Of course she did. She didn't want me to appear rude.

[821:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: But this conditioning subconsciously laid the groundwork for good girl beliefs. These beliefs are I can't say now are turned down an invite, my needs don't really matter. My role in my life is to be liked. I have to be acceptable. And I have to have an acceptable reason. My reason has to be good enough to somebody else. I must over explain the reason it's not okay to disappoint people. How many of you have lived with those ways of thinking? I know I have spent years over explaining over apologizing and making things awkward for people. And they would try to reassure me saying I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, all the time. For me this year, it's having the courage to disappoint to give up the idea that adults can't deal with disappointment. Because they can, it's part of life. If you're ready to set boundaries and disappoint people, then that's her invite to her program. Now, here's the thing, the flip side of this, if you're somebody who for years has been massively disappointed by other people, you don't want other people to experience that pain that your disappointment created. That's where I ended up getting to I didn't want people to experience the pain of disappointment that I had for so long. So I was afraid to disappoint others because I didn't want them to hurt the way that I hurt. We have to look at okay, why did we hurt in those situations, oftentimes, the reason why we ended up getting hurt and disappointed by others, is because we believed some version of an expectation of how they were willing to show up for us. And then it turned out that they changed their mind. Or they left us or they abandoned us. And so that's why it's important to lay down expectations up front very clearly. That's why boundaries help you do that as a coach. Because if you lay down those expectations too often, this goes right into pricing. If people expect you to be a $7 coach, or a $27 coach, and now you raise your price to $30,000 their expectation of you has now been violated. Now at that point, if you're doing what's best for your business like I did. I'm thankful that those people leave me that were disappointed in that. Because it was a small percentage. You know, I got nasty letters. When I raised that rate for one on one coaching to $30,000. Here's the reason why it's $30,000 is because it makes the value of this program stand out so much more to people. That's why I have my one on one coaching so high because this program is that much more valuable to people. So it's helping me get people into this program by anchoring it to this it's this far off price to work with me one on one. Okay, now, that's just for pricing psychology. I'm not an expert at pricing. Somebody who's really good at pricing is Alex for Mozi. If you want to look at some of his videos on pricing again, I actually I need to I need to pick up his book too because I've referenced it so often. I would say the two books were the wolf and The sales copy book the sales page book, The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy. For this program, the Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy is a must read must pick up book, it's free on Kindle Unlimited. And then the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort straight line selling these books are like, I would say foundational, like, if you read two books all year, check those books out. And and if you want to pick which one to start with, I would actually start with this one, the way of the wolf. Because everything that I teach about selling comes out of a lot of what I've learned from this book, and a lot of what I've learned from his training, because it's about qualifying people at a certain level. It's about qualifying people to make sure that you're actually connecting with the right person, and then you just loop it to build trust with them. Whenever I'm running webinars and doing live events, I'm looping things to build trust with people. I'm gonna talk about that a second. I would say a third book that you need will be 100 million dollar offers by Oxfam. Ozy. 99 cents on Kindle. I should probably I need to pick up the paperback. Well, yeah, see, I have a ton of books that you can read. Monica is like, oh, codependent no more. Yeah, that one's a great book, too. But yeah, 100 million dollar offers by Alex for Mozi goes a lot into pricing and pricing structure, and how to price things the best way. Okay. So he talks a lot about pricing. He really deals with pricing a lot. So if you're pricing Alex, her Mozi. app, or sorry, YouTube, Google should just like have a YouTube tab that pulls up pricing by Alex or Mozi, how to raise prices without losing a sale. Never lower your prices don't understand margin. He's like, he's kind of like the pricing like King. So if you really want to learn about pricing, just watch like a few of his videos on pricing. And he's great, because he's like he's very, he's very similar in how he he teaches, I think I borrow a lot of the way that I teach from him, he gave me confidence to just like, be myself, because of how he is. And yeah, he's a master salesman. And you can tell that he, he sells from a place of honesty and integrity. And so that's what I love. And so on pricing, I think some of these videos on YouTube will be very, very helpful for you, if you even just watch some of his videos that he has subscribed to him. I send a lot of people to him, because he's probably one of the closest align to what I teach and what we do. acquisition.com his company is it's pretty cool model is you can't work with him until you're making $3 million a year. So he says not making 3 million go through my free content. So everything Alex has is free until you're making 30 million or 3 million. That once you're making 3 million, he wants to basically invest in your business and help you get to 10 million. So I kind of took that model and borrowed from it. And what we do is that's why I have so much content for free on my YouTube. Yeah, is I give away a lot of stuff for free on here. And a lot of it is mindset related because I really want to help people's mindset for free and then bring into it what's the practical kind of nitty gritty once people are in the trenches into the coaching program. So Alex are moseys 100 million dollar offers is great on pricing strategy, highly recommend that book to check out and to check out his content on that. It goes back to boundaries though. You don't want to be the cheapest option. You know, you don't like at that point. You're just whoring yourself out to the next person who says they're interested. I mean, that's what it is. And that's how I was doing when I started, I was doing these free 15 Minute Calls. Nobody was even taking me up on them, which was hilarious. Like that was messing with my self esteem. I'm like, do I have any value to give people? I'm like, I'm here for free. Somebody used me right and nobody was. Turns out, nobody really respects you that much. When you give everything away for free. It's kind of like the girl who is, or the guy or the girl or guy that's not It's not tied to any gender, who is flaunting themselves out around to people and not just as a tease, but as actually like, whoring themselves out for validation. I truly believe that I was whoring myself out in business for validation, the same way people do their body. Guys and girls, I was I was funny, my wife will laugh at this, I was kind of whoring my body around too before I got right with the Lord. When I was when I got into my bodybuilding stage, I was like, I was like, I just want to be hot. So that like, women want me like that. That was it. Because my validation was coming from that I was getting my validation from people's approval. And that right there is really what this whole conversation today has been about

[981:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: is we need to approve ourselves before we seek it and other people. We need to approve of ourselves. And the other thing too, is just in my faith, I know that God approves of me. I know that no matter what I do, God approves of me. I know that no matter how I might fail, I'm still approved. I'm still great. And I still and I have to approve myself every day and say, You know what, if I messed up if I was okay. Struggling mentally having trouble staying focused while feeding the baby and watching the TV and staying and, and he's choking on his bottle. Like that's an example. Mom wasn't too happy about that. Right? She's like, here, like you're clearly going through something, I will feed the baby, I need you to get focused. I fix that right? Now when I'm feeding, like I'm focused with the baby. Because I'm realizing like this is important. Like, this isn't just a passive activity, like feeding the dog. You know? I have to like, make sure that he's like, set up right and like, is breathing and like, you know, he's doing great. He's doing awesome. It's my first time. Glad that only went on for like a day. So he was doing good. I feel embarrassed sharing a little bit about that. But that's okay. Yeah, it's such a shock. Having a baby, you're right. So it's all about accepting yourself, even when you make mistakes, even when you mess up. And being willing to show up for yourself. Even if it disappoints other people. So I have disappointed some people this past week. I had a commitment that I had to cancel on. Because I was taking care of my wife and our new baby. This person wasn't too happy about that. They're like, Well, you shouldn't have scheduled with me, then what kind of person would do that? And they got upset. Well, I'm sorry, I apologize. But I can't then let that get inside of me of guilt and shame and feeling angry at myself and self punishment and beating myself up. I just got to learn to get over it. Move on, do better next time. And keep going keep moving the ball forward. And that's how I was able to record a training this weekend. By the way, it's the best performing webinar I've had in six months. It was the best performing webinar I've had in six months. I spent half as much on ads got twice the results that we did last time. Remember, I told you last time did that too. So I've now doubled my results again, on this one. I'm like, Okay, this is awesome. Now I'm at the point where I know that I can automate this because we've already Forex what we were doing great with life, because I've really dialed in and nuanced my language so well. I've learned how to connect and communicate with my target prospect better. And so that's just part of that process. But it all starts with boundaries. And it starts with you taking care of yourself, and how can you show up as your most powerful self. When you're centered when you're taking care of yourself when you're eating right. When you're drinking water when you're getting enough sleep, when you are doing what you got to do to be filled up so then you can pour out to others at your best level. All right. And hopefully I've done that today. In this training I'm going to do Take a few Q and A's here. Everybody has some live q&a Just for about the next maybe 30 minutes and then we're gonna get going. Nice. The next week will be our dedicated live q&a

[1044:30] Speaker 1: to Hi, hey. Alright, so I have done okay, gosh, there's so many things I want to talk about, but I'll talk about the first thing first. My head gets flooded with all these questions. Okay, so I am now promoting my fourth virtual event. Okay, okay. So I'm gonna do a screenshot, I think, Can I do a screenshot in the group or like add a picture or can I not do that? You can add,

[1051:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can add screenshots? Yeah, you can also screen share right now if you want to.

[1052:52] Speaker 1: Okay, yeah, let me do that if it's okay. Because Jonathan put together like a little spreadsheet for me, of where let me do that. Okay, this, these are the results from my last events. Okay. Okay. And then I have one right now that I'm at 50. Leads, I have 25 people in the group, and I just got my first VIP. That's gonna start Monday. Yeah. What's your VIP cost?

[1059:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: 17 bucks. Okay, again, I would lower it to seven. Okay, cool. And here's why I would do that. Again. Remember, I was like, Don't be the cheapest one. And then I'm telling you to like do a seven to $7 VIP. Here's why. And I'm still doing the $7 VIP because I want the feedback from people got it cuz I want the connection from people. And so by getting them into the VIP for seven bucks, I would even if you got one VIP, go refund that person that $10. We just lowered it, you know, to seven, then make it seven bucks. Okay? And then let people know, hey, we just discounted the VIP. Because that feedback that you're gonna get from the VIP is invaluable. Okay, because those are people that $7 in our economy right now, is I consider it's like a throwaway cost, like, you know, $7 for Starbucks without thinking about it. Yeah, somebody is willing to throw $7 To get access to something. But here's the thing, it benefits you. So you want to ask questions that benefit you so that you get the actual feedback that you need to make your next thing better. Okay. Because it's important to get that feedback not just in the group. Are you getting the the answers to the questions in the group? Like, what are you struggling with? What

[1079:58] Speaker 1: are you dealing with? Yes, it has been amazing. And like very powerful, like, Yeah, I mean, that's what I'm getting all my content, and it just refining. And I'm actually going to start a broadcast called it's for married women called a married woman. Let's talk about it. Because I felt like some 150 Very awesome, like things that women are dealing with. And I'm going to start talking about each one. But it's going to be almost like a Dear Abby. Yeah, it's going to be like, let's talk about it. Married women. I'm very excited about it. I pitched I said I was gonna start it this week in the group, and they're like, people actually responded, this last conflict solution. I had something

[1090:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: for you. Oh, yeah. I'm just like, sorry, I'm like, I'm brought to tears saying this. So I can hear in your voice, your energy and the results that you're talking about. This, I would say this comes more from my experience is what it is. I'm finding, I'm finding a lot of times when I get touched in my heart, it's even just from my experience, because I'm feeling like a resonance in the energy. You'll have $100,000 month in the next year, I think you're that you're like that close to it.

[1101:36] Speaker 1: Yeah. I feel I'm there and like this past one, I've it's like, I'm just taking my heart out of my chest. And like, throwing it on the ground. And like, I'm like, this is it and like, it's everywhere. Like, I've had people me emailing me saying, You are so real. And it's like, I see myself in your sharing. And I'm very, I very open about my life, like vulnerable times. 1000 But it's at a in a healed way, like, the energy is healed. So it makes a huge, huge difference. Speaking from a healed and a wholeness place, versus, you know, brokenness, and that's the IFS work. It's just given me a huge access. So now I'm just like, just really free to share and impart my wisdom but also to say like, I'm not in your life and that I'm not the way and I'm just here to give you something to consider try on and you don't I mean, this is a lot of freedom. So this is where I'm at and I did share going into this I'm willing to invest money and like not see any results. Let me pull Get out. Okay.

[1120:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me pause you for a second. So Ave says that was the Holy Spirit that I was sensing. It's funny, I would traditionally attribute that to the Holy Spirit. I'm learning to discern the difference between experience and my own spirit. And the Holy Spirit is a slight difference in it. And so that's why I said, I think this is more coming from my experience.

[1125:17] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. So this is where we're at. The second event, I had a very high ad spent because we weren't prepared. We had technical issues on the back end, so I only ran like, what 2048 hours of ads, and I turned it off.

[1129:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so I'm seeing here. Yeah. 230. Yeah. This cost per result, if you're getting under unders like $15 a lead that's not bad. But this is way better right here. Yeah. So that's your lead cost? Yeah. Cool. Okay. That's great.

[1134:12] Speaker 1: Now the where the place where I'm not doing well is in the emails Jeremy. My aim is like I just looked at my my head like a 7% open rate, which is like really trashy.

[1137:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: What email software using?

[1138:22] Speaker 1: I'm using MailChimp.

[1138:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, have you set up your domain with the SPF?

[1139:52] Speaker 1: I think I have that's on the video, right?

[1141:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, I think so. I'll double check. There's the SPF like where it validates your domain name. Okay. Um, it could be your even on this one. You're only getting 7% this new one.

[1145:02] Speaker 1: Um, I It's like it's gotten progressively worse. It was like a 20% in the first one. And then it's just getting lower and lower. So

[1147:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: can you open up MailChimp real quick?

[1148:27] Speaker 1: Yeah. Okay, let's see, here's my MailChimp make go here.

[1150:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm just I'm wondering if you're okay, what? You might want to create a new email address. Oh, okay. You know, from to

[1153:11] Speaker 1: hold on. Let me go back here. Share. Okay. Can you see this? Yeah. Okay.

[1156:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that says 50% Right there.

[1156:38] Speaker 1: There's only two people in that. And I'm one of them. And the other person is the person that set up the email.

[1159:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's go to here's where I look for that percentage.

[1160:24] Speaker 1: See here, clicks 8.5. This is a non VIP email from this morning. 8.5.

[1162:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's, that's fine. That's normal. Okay, to audience. Audience, click on audience dashboard. Click on where it says ad for contacts. And then click on me just do this myself. Okay. It's good to view audiences. This is where you want to look this.

[1168:57] Speaker 1: Oh, okay. Oh, well, this is really different. Yep.

[1170:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is overall the list of people that you have. So your so is this the current one you're doing right now?

[1172:14] Speaker 1: Yes. When the married? Yeah, that's pretty good, actually. Okay. Now see the married women? Because I've got two things going on. I got my married women focus. And then I've got this is

[1175:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably the one you've been emailing for the longest time, right? Yes. Correct. Yeah, yeah. Mine is like 25%. For the one I've been emailing the longest time. Okay. I'm talking about campaign

[1178:31] Speaker 0: wise, I look for over 35% as the goal. So this is really good. Right here. We got 7%. On my last one that I did. We got 48% on the one before that. So that's why I said that difference in open rate, that's your indicator of how well your ads are actually aligned. Oh, okay. It's one of the greatest early indicators of is your campaign clicking with people? Goddess? Is this where you look at the audience and then you look at the open rate for that whole audience. It's like an aggregate of all the emails that you've sent them. Okay. All right. So that would be the automated emails that you're sending.

[1189:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: What they're actually opening because do you have an automated series that tells them to join the group? Yes. Yeah. So those so that open rate comes mostly from that. Okay. And then when I look at as after I've sent all these emails for like a week to people, how does that open rate stay? And again for that, so for this last webinar that I just did grow up this one right here. My open rate stayed at 57%. Wow. So it's converting like crazy to the now the ask that I did was for people to join me for a five day kind of like the five day that all you went through. This one is probably like The like, this is gonna be like the ultimate one. My goal is to use the recordings of it to make it a pre recorded one that I can run, like all the time, so people could get access to it every week to where I might run a five day every week. So that's so that's the goal, by the way of the automation. I'm running a five day intensive once a month right now. I want to get to I'm running the five day every other week. Hmm. So I do a one day that goes to a five day and I'm just pushing people through that cycle. Yeah. So I'm getting great conversions to this great conversions to my my

[1211:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: we've seen great conversions to my VIP on this. Better than I've ever had off of this right here. So that tells me I really qualified my client really well right here. The questions I was getting in the VIP, that's where you'll know that you're really hitting it is when the questions you get in VIP are making your heart sing. Yeah. So the questions that I got on this VIP, were the best questions I've ever gotten. So that's powerful. Now I'm also doing another one that I'm launching this Saturday. Oh, what did I call it?

[1223:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: This one is coming up this Saturday. Plan it out and create your signature online course and coaching program the easy way. I'm going to show people how to use chat GBT to map out their course. Oh, that's awesome. And then I'm going to invite them to the five day off of that, because what will be the next step for them logically, is to now learn how to grow a group coaching program to six figures. Yeah, I'm also changing my copy group coaching rather than just coaching. Yeah. Because truthfully, everybody needs to be doing group coaching. And then have your one on one coaching be like astronomically more expensive above that. That's, that's what everybody should be doing. And your group coaching could be an eight week or a six week academy. I just saw a week in six week academies are a great way because it's you're not selling like a whole year of coaching. You're just selling a small stint of coaching for $1,000 or $500. It's good. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Did Was that helpful? Yeah, it

[1241:59] Speaker 1: was like super helpful. Awesome.

[1242:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Great. How do I stop the screenshare? There we go. All right, Deborah.

[1246:17] Speaker 2: Hello. But that was a lot of information. And it was so good. Um, so for mine, I am trying to process what to give away for free call that ministry and what to pull into like, coaching your mentor, I see myself more as a mentor because I have my strength is in teaching. I could never be well, I don't see myself as a counselor because I don't have the patience. I'm

[1255:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: more of a mentor than a coach personally.

[1256:34] Speaker 2: Okay. And is that because you're

[1257:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: naturally had a skill of

[1258:22] Speaker 2: Gotcha. Okay. So I am. So inside, I'm starting to get a picture of what I could do like in a mentorship of let's we'll call it restoring your mentorship. We got some restoring in ministry, we get the mentors inside that I'm starting to think about having little packages of like doing like the believers tap that I've talked to you about you know, hearing the voice of God. What are some other things you know, like, US are great. I thought about like doing like, okay, alright, so it's just a matter of actually just putting it together, putting an offer out so that I run a challenge. I'm a little confused about doing a challenge versus doing a webinar. Maybe you can explain that to me, because how do you decide which one to do?

[1273:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: It depends on what your what your your price and your ask is a challenge. A challenge is way easier to get people to buy from you if you're if you're new. It's actually a multi day is easier to get more sales on than a one day. The nuance of a one A Webinar is you have to be really good at your pitch to close somebody on a one day deal. Okay, whereas there's there's room that you're getting better in a multi day, because you're naturally spending more time with those people, just the length of time will build trust with them, and sort of solves some of that lack of sales skill by doing a multi day. Because you can, you can gain trust with people and not be so good at sales. But if you spend three to five days with them, the right people are going to want to work with you. Because they connect with you, right?

[1290:53] Speaker 2: They understand like my language, and

[1292:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: at the same time, a multi day, if you're selling something that's like over $1,000, you're gonna get more sales on a multi day.

[1296:08] Speaker 2: Okay, I'm processing that trust,

[1296:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: though, is being built there until you get better your sales pitch. Now, this isn't like a rule forever. Like if you run. Again, I think I think Rick is such a great example of this, because he's gotten really good at his sales pitch. So now he can do a one day that then leads to a five or a $10,000. Because he's gotten better at the nuance of how to connect with people when he's selling. Versus in the beginning, it was tagging those three to five day things, to actually get his information out there to build the right trust with people enough to where they would apply for the inner circle or apply for his business Mastery program. Does that make sense? So you end up getting better? Or you do it? Why I like multi day events, though, is it actually it's, it's, it's less risky. It's low, it's a lower risk than a one day. Because you don't have to be as good at the sales process. So your risk goes down. And your, your result, you end up mitigating your risk as a beginner by doing a multi day.

[1315:43] Speaker 2: Okay, it's practice.

[1316:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's great practice. And then what you'll notice is okay, yeah, I'm talking about the same thing on day one. This is why the feedback is important. I'm talking about the same thing on day one, and everybody's asking me for help about the same thing. So now that could become this is where I did a webinar that then leads to my multi day. The other reason why I did that was my ad cost for my five days started going up, way too expensive. And the people that were showing up weren't as qualified. So what ends up happening is on a on a five day event, let's say that this is in August highly qualified people. October not very qualified people. I was getting $10 leads for this five day event, I was getting $20 leads here, it ended up costing me almost four times as much to get somebody into the client growth accelerator. I'm losing money now at that point. So what I did now to solve that is I have these two, one day webinars that lead people to my five day and now that's brought my costs back down. Okay, is there sort of introductory like trainings to basically qualify people to join me for this day right here. The next phase that I'm going to get to is where the One Day is on I don't even have to show up live, I won't even do a live q&a. It'll just be a pre recorded webinar. And then the next phase after that is a pre recorded VSL. A VSL is where it's a five to 15 minute video that qualifies people to join you for your five day and you're sending traffic to that VSL. Another model that can also do for a multi day as you could do an e book. So you run an ad for a free ebook. And then immediately you upsell people that sign up for that ebook. You tell them to sign up for your five day and you put them in like a a week long autoresponder series that tries to get all those ebook leads to sign up for your five day event. So it's all about getting people and it's about balancing your cost per lead. Like how Vanessa said she had a $16 lead and then it became a $5. Now we mitigate that cost with our sales copy. We mitigate that cost. Yes, I will be using video as possibly the next week. We will be mitigating that cost By adjusting our language of our offers the name of our offers, we mitigate that cost and bring it down by doing that. But then you can lower it even further by qualifying people with like pre qualifiers. So just it's, it's more about economics than anything else is why you would do a one day versus a five day versus all of that is the economical model that allows you to have the best profit margins.

[1368:39] Speaker 2: Okay, thank you.

[1369:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now you're selling cars, I'm

[1369:56] Speaker 2: swimming.

[1370:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Let's go back to your, your, your first question here, what to give away for free, ministry wise, and then what to charge for the mentorship, right? I think you'll have to kind of feel that out for yourself personally. For one, because that's there's such a wide range of opinions on that. But what you'll note, here's what I look at, is if something becomes time consuming for you to do for free, and you're not really seeing a return out of it. And it's really time consuming. It goes back to the boundaries conversation, as I would then move it over to the paid mentorship. If you find yourself doing the same thing over and over and over again, with people in the ministry side. And and it's almost becoming to where they're more taking advantage of you. And there's not a sort of an exchange that what you do is you could create some kind of a pre recorded like, I have a free class, this is, this is what I would do for you, Deborah, as I would come up with one to two to three free ministry based trainings that you just put on YouTube. And you send that people that YouTube link, when they want the free help. And you start training people that a pre recorded video is the best way to get this free help from you. And then you will can always have an ask to listen, if you want to get mentorship with me. You can join me over here.

[1393:46] Speaker 2: Does that make sense? Okay. I like that. That makes a lot of sense.

[1394:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you're still able to really like help those people for free by having a library of pre recorded content that's free on YouTube. Okay, all right. Yep. Thank you. That would help everybody. To do now how do you know what to charge for? What to make free? That is like that line there? Right? Yeah. Yeah. Believers. What I look for is this is that. I tried to get somebody to the point of you know how you said, like, your head is spinning. When I talk about this stuff. You can talk about something so much for free with somebody that they reach this point where they can't digest any more of it. So I would give your free content up to that point where they can't digest anymore. Okay, because then they will, then they can pay for that next step. So you're introducing Pete to go deeper? Yeah, to go deeper. So your paid mentorship goes into what's free. And that's why again, doing virtual events is a great way to serve people for free. Because you're constantly providing more value, you might get a different word about the season on one live event versus another. And yeah, that's good. The person who's actually done that model so well. I would actually say I I've learned it from him, just by observation is is Georgia and Banawe.

[1422:38] Speaker 2: Oh, yes, Georgia, Georgia.

[1423:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Free events. He does a lot of like, he does these like missions trips. He's got his book. This is a great book, by the way. He's that now this is his mentorship has nine months school. So this is his flagship school that it's not cheap. It's more expensive than this program. Is $3,000 unless you pay in full, and that goes up after a certain deadline. So like he's charging this much for a year with him and what did they get for that year? I was it's funny. I subconsciously think I designed the client growth accelerator very similar to his GCS DSM. What you get for the whole year is Yeah, you get these groups as part of a school that you go through class begins on August 15. So what they're doing is, is they're doing more of an academic university model where they only do enrollment once a year. So the whole year of content leads up to that enrollment. And he's got, I think, like 400 students in there.

[1441:16] Speaker 2: Oh, I like that.

[1441:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, his revenue is over a million dollars. But he's doing all this free stuff throughout the year. So then he has global celebration that TV, TV dot global celebration.com. So that he's got these $500 masterclasses right here as well to help finance a lot of the Facebook ads. But then he still has these free ones. He's given away all of his free challenges. He doesn't charge for the recordings, he gives them away for free to anybody. So he has all these look at all of these free courses right here that are like life changing content to people for his ministry. And then the ask is, you could buy one of these masterclasses for 397 for 297. And then the big ask is you join his $2,000 school. So it's it's the same model, but he's just created an archive of free content to help people throughout the year.

[1461:08] Speaker 2: I'm gonna go I'm gonna go study him. I heard somebody wants to say like,

[1462:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: good study, combine it with what you learned from me and Rec. And I think you're gonna get a lot out of it.

[1463:24] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. And it's like just a side note. I have to tell this. I have to share this with you. But I visited my spiritual mom's church yesterday. And which is like an hour from here. And anyway, in worship, I heard the Lord say, this is your Freda. Tomorrow remember my story about meeting Frieda Lindsay? Is like 22 years. And I'm hearing this is your Freda. So I was able to minister to her and receive dentistry from her because it was connected. She is connected to Bob

[1475:30] Speaker 2: as well, she's related to the Welsh Revival. So it's like it was such a God.

[1477:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know that I ran the marketing for two years over there.

[1479:05] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. Well, that's I do you remember me telling you about meeting with Frieden said, can you bring this to New York? Can you prove what you're doing here to New York?

[1481:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I

[1482:19] Speaker 2: was like, well, one of my thoughts is like, is what God put inside of me a school rather than a course and why I'm struggling so hard, is because where do I begin? What course do I begin with? That's, and I really feel like I am supposed to be working with it. I feel really positive about that. But where do I begin? Because I think I see, like what you're showing me with Georgian, I see the big picture. But where do I take that step outward to the world? You know what I mean? That's a struggle. I would

[1492:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: take some time truly and prayer, and you'll get the answer. Amen. Awesome. Cool.

[1495:37] Speaker 2: Thank you again, Jeremiah. Yep.

[1496:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And other ways that I use, you know, I'll go for a walk, I'll go for a drive to get ideas. When I'm stuck. Struggling with stuff, I'll do these different things, just by getting our body moving in a different state. The human brain is not designed to focus on a problem to solve it. The human brain is actually it works better to let it process behind the scenes, and to actually surrender and to give up trying to solve the problem. And then the problem, the solution, somehow subconsciously comes to you. And that applies in so many different parts of life. Business. My wife keeps reminding me she's like, You have intuition of what to do with our baby. Follow it. And as soon as I do, and I'm not trying to do the right thing. It's like, perfect. She's like, there you go. You got it. So she's even like coaching me like it's awesome. So Abby mentioned maybe Dana, that's awesome. Yeah, today's I would say this. This coaching today was has been incredible. Um, I'll be honest with everybody here. I didn't know what I was gonna say when I started. I had like two ideas that I was gonna roll with and add it and it came out it flowed out. And that's why one of the biggest things that I would encourage you in is just opening your mouth to teach a topic. The rest of the words will come by you starting by you doing a virtual you starting like Vinay, she did a couple of these events by showing up not by trying to make it perfect. But by you putting yourself out there and gathering people that you can coach and that you can mentor, that's what's going to have one of the biggest results for you. And then you'll get better at selling. Again, those courses that are the members area, those will help give you a framework. But sales is a lot like romance, you have to do it, you can't read about it, you have to get into it, you have to feel it, it really is a more of a feeling based type of thing. Um, Abby, also for Deborah, I don't know if she's still on here. He mentioned Kevin and Kathy's a DI, those would be other good ones for you to study as well. Joshua Giles actually looks at their stuff a lot and borrows a lot of ideas from them, too. So they're, they crushed it as well. And that kind of ministry space. What's cool is we have such a wide range of people here in the accelerator, we got people in ministry, we got people in doctors, we got people that are health, business, crafting, you can turn any idea that you have into a coaching and course business, you really can and then you will just you filter a lot of what we're learning on these trainings, and what's in the courses in how do you structure that? How do you get the clients? How do you sell your course. But it applies across the board. No matter what you're selling. As far as if it's a course or coaching program, selling physical products is different. That's why I don't teach how to sell physical products. I'm not very good at it. My mom was really good at it. She's like, and it's funny, we've talked about that, like, I'm definitely more the coaching and course sales guy, she's more than E calm, and our stocks is really her main focus. That's why network marketing, affiliate marketing, different mindset, different mindset, and so you've got to almost tap into, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna leave you guys with this, and then I'm gonna log off, you have to tap into the mindset and, and the energy of coaching and course creators, you have to tap into that, because there's a certain sort of energy that people expect, that is going to draw people to you much better. And it's kinda like there's a certain energy about like, when you go to a used car lot, or you go to a car lot. Now there's a range to that energy. The range goes from like, completely annoying, belligerent, nobody likes them. To that was the greatest experience in the world, how many of you have actually bought a car and it was the greatest experience in the world. And you remember that person. But they were still a car salesman. When you're selling courses and coaching, there's a certain type of energy that you come across, what I try to do, and I try to show you is how to do it in in a way that makes people feel really good. That makes people like, feel honored and seen and heard and that you're solving their problems. And that's one of the biggest reasons why it's important to get used car lot versus BMW depends depends on how you show up to the BMW dealership. When I showed up at BMW with long hair and bass basketball shorts, they walked me out the door even though I had the money to buy the car. So just to see, but like at the same time, that is part of the what I teach about repelling and attracting the right client, they thought that I wasn't the right client. Now that was a little more judgmental in the wrong sense. But that's, that's probably more of an amateur salesperson at that point. Because most I bought a $70,000 Dodge Challenger Hellcat, and I had to go to six dealerships to get one because none of them would let me test drive it and I told him I'm not buying until I test drive it and I finally found one dealer that let me test drive it and it was amazing. I knew I was gonna buy it but I just I wanted to work with a dealership that you know would give me the time of day. And so in that where was I going with this there's a certain energy that like you have to have when you're selling coaching and courses that when you when you follow different podcasters and influencers and and this is why I say funnel hack other people sign up for different people's events that you see running on ads online. Watch how they do their sales pitch. Watch how they structure their offers. You know I opt into almost every single mark cutters content that comes across my Facebook ads feed. I have a swipe file of every one of their emails that they've ever sent. Because I don't unsubscribe on a certain email list. So now I borrow from that when I'm writing emails, I have a swipe file of all of their sales pages that I look at, I filter into chat, GPT, and Jasper to help come up with better sales copy. For that new event that I'm doing this weekend, that's what I did. So you want to get a swipe file, you want to gather a swipe file, so that then you can start to launch your event. And then once you look at us, you're going to mirror a lot of like the different leaders that you really liked. So there's a certain leader, teacher, mentor, coach trainer that you really like, mirror their energy, when you show up with your prospects, if you feel like I'm not confident, imagine that you're somebody else who's not you and show up like that, like you think that person would. That's one of the best things that you can do in the beginning for confidence, show up like me or show up like my mom would or show up like Georgeann or show up like Rick would or show up like Kevin's a DI would on a talk something like that. When you're connecting and communicating now now that's not you being an authentic, it's what's you're doing is you're borrowing their energy in your sales interaction, and it puts you into a different mind state of how would I act if I was them and had their confidence? And they're gonna need to talk a little bit more about that. In some of the future stuff. I gotta get going here, everybody. I'm gonna probably talk about that more. I talked about that a little bit on less than three of the communications course. So that's why I listen to a lot of podcasts and read audiobooks, is it's not to I'm actually not trying to gather information. I'm trying to mirror the energy of successful people. So which is cool. All right, everybody. Thanks for being here. This has been great today. Next week is all q&a. You guys lead that one. You'll have upcoming lessons. We got the upcoming class on Saturday. We got the five day next week. We have offer Launchpad the week after that, which will be amazing. So I look forward that's actually going to be live. I can't do offer Launchpad. pre recorded but All right, everybody. Have a good one. We'll talk soon

