pre-training 1
Date: 2023-03-21T03:04:49.000Z
Duration: 10 min
Otter ID: ks2Ndthy1emzRyTqu62MOWBe72A
---

[0:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: So how do you know what the best content is to make for your emails and makes it as engaging? And how do you also just come up with ideas for content, huge aspect of what I coach people on my main coaching program, we have a number of courses on this, in our coaching program, the client growth accelerator. We have social media content creation, email marketing, the fun way, which goes beyond what you're going to learn here on Saturday. But we're gonna go into this in depth on Saturday. I'm gonna touch on this, though, briefly, a few ways that we come up with content, is we create opportunities for our market to tell us what they want. And we learn to connect through a storytelling art form. So when you write your emails as a story, versus just selling something, it really connects with people a lot better. And then you just solve problems for people all day long, you're not focused on, can I get somebody to buy from me when it comes to good email content? Your goal needs to not be? How do I get them to purchase but rather, how can I get the people that are in front of me a result? And so that's my goal, whenever I make these videos, whenever I send an email out is, how can I better help those that are connected to me that are engaging with me get better results. So for instance, like you're here, right now, I came up with this, because I know that if you grow your email list, and you start writing your list, then you start doing what I teach, you're going to see better results for your coaching and your online course business. Okay, so keep that in mind. Like, how do we actually come up with the content? Well, a big part of it is, I just asked my audience, I asked people like, what do you want? What do you want to know? What don't you know? What are you struggling with? You notice, when you logged into this group, right here, there are questions? What are you struggling with the most? What are you dealing with? When it comes to growing your email list? And what would you like to learn from me? And so those questions are strategically designed every time I do a training like this. I'm actually documenting all the answers. So all of you are giving me the angles or my content. So I came up with this video right here, because a lot of you were asking about this. And then we then use an artificial intelligence engine called jasper.ai. So jasper.ai can actually take all of the answers that people give me, whenever we do these we do a couple times a month. And we filter that down through. And it helps us come up and script our emails helps us read our emails, actually write a lot of our emails that way, helps us come up with our descriptions for our content, or social media content descriptions are all written with jasper.ai. It helps us write all of our landing pages and our offers. And so here's the thing. Here's the interesting part. The name of this training right here was growing your email list. I noticed a lot of you are super concerned about what do you actually email those people once you're on your list. And so we'll cover that. But I want to challenge you on this is if you're not growing your list, because you don't know what to send to people. That might be a major hindrance, roadblock in how you're actually looking at doing business. If you're not taking action on step one, and two in your business, because you don't know what to do at step three and step four, that's not going to serve you, you would be better to get people on your list and then just start writing them. Even if it's not perfect, even if it's less than perfect taking imperfect action. I've touched on this so often with my audience is that imperfect action is so much better than perfectly mapped out planned out perfectly organized everything because you're gonna get better at mapping things out by the activity of doing it. My business didn't grow till I started taking imperfect action. And it wasn't afraid of things falling flat. I wasn't afraid of things not producing the perfect result. Okay, so I get it I'm not gonna retrain you overnight to do that. If you're in my coaching program, this is the one of the number one mindset things that we work on with the people in my paid coaching program is training them literally, we work to help you rewire the way that you build your business. That's one of the biggest reasons why people come to coach with me is I help you rewire how you do your day to day I help you rewire how you actually show up in your business. Because a lot of people are not showing up in a way that's going to lead to sales or serve their clients well. And they're overthinking over analyzing, and letting the fear stops them. Okay. So obviously, this is a this is a short pre training video, I share with you kind of how we come up with our content a little bit, it's only five minutes. I'm gonna go more in depth on this topic on Saturday, we're going to talk about like, what do you actually email those people? How do you actually come up with what to say. But that's why finding your niche is so important. That's why knowing who you're talking to is so important. In your business, who you're talking to, determines what your email say, what your content is, what your videos are, what your offers are. So like an offer, you signed up for this growing your email list, the fun way for coaches, course creators, mentors, trainers. And what makes it so fun as it's all about connecting with people. Now, you might say, well, Jeremiah, I'm an introvert, that doesn't sound fun to me. It's okay. You don't, you don't have to connect with people in the way that like you're thinking. We use tools that allow us to create pieces of content that make that connection. There's a book by John Maxwell called everyone communicates, few Connect. Okay. And this book talks about what are the most successful people do differently than those that struggle than those that are not successful financially, or in life. And it's all about how they communicate and how they actually make a connection with people in the coaching, course, online marketing, digital marketing space, we have this temptation to want to be nameless, faceless behind the scenes and avoid real human connection. And that kills your efforts, learning how to connect with real human beings learning how to put yourself in their shoes, and loving the process of having true conversation and connection with somebody to help serve them to help lead them to the goals that they have. That's what this is all about. And so it's all about, who are you serving? What problems they have? What solutions can you lead them to, and then operating out of extreme empathy for their situation for where they're going through. And then you just communicate and you flow and you don't worry about saying the wrong thing. You don't worry about well, is this gonna land? You don't worry about is this going to connect? And that might be the hardest thing that you'll ever do? Is to actually open your mouth without concern of is this going to land? Is this going to connect? Is this going to produce a result detaching from the outcome detaching from needing things to go, how you want them to in order to feel confident that may 110% go against how you've been raised. Especially like if you went to school, you're graded on how well you communicated how well you spoke, how well you talked, then when you go out there to build a business. You're you're almost like subconsciously grading yourself on how well you're doing. And you don't want to get a bad grade, when in fact, you have to, like eliminate that type of behavior, and focus on how can I just make a connection with other people? How can I better facilitate and automate human connection to lead people to the result, and that's what scaled our business to 10s of 1000s of dollars every single week, in our business. That's what's helped our clients make millions and 10s of millions of dollars per year, and their businesses as well. And growing your email list is the first step in that process. So I'm excited for you. Listen, upgrade to the VIP. Get the recording, to the pre training sessions, get the recording the main session, get the recording to the VIP q&a. I'm excited to talk with you to work with you and to lead you through this process on Saturday. I can't wait to see you there.

