JUMPSTART FAST START TRAINING!
Date: 2023-02-02T03:04:01.000Z
Duration: 117 min
Otter ID: lLQ3queaKPNN-O_U3s2rCIQQdoU
---

[1:09] Speaker 0: All right

[5:20] Speaker 0: welcome, welcome. Welcome Hello, hello.

[8:01] Speaker 1: We're gonna go live on Facebook in the group here

[10:13] Speaker 1: hello, hello

[11:38] Speaker 2: don't start training on us live on zoom here.

[13:24] Speaker 0: We're gonna go post this in the CGA group.

[15:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Go Live. Awesome. All right. Welcome to the client growth accelerator for those that are watching this. And for those that are in the future that are watching this on video looks like looks like Simba has some kind of a filter he's putting on are you putting on the filter that makes it so your eyes that one that NVIDIA came out with? Anyways, listen, something that you will find with me, I am a lot more relaxed inside of the accelerator. I'm working personally on being that level of relaxed in my sales trainings, but for some reason I get so pumped up and I'm just like, let's go. Whereas like when I'm here, I'm like, I'm way more chill. It's way more like you're in my living room. Like we're just having a cup of coffee together. And I find that that flow works way better for me, when I get to do work. When I go out there and I'm I'm selling it's a different type of energy. And that's something that I that I teach people. Simba, if your video does have trouble you can just turn the camera off, if it is having some trouble. So yeah, my cold brew coffee right here. So it looks like there's only a few people on here. Right now, the purpose of the Jumpstart training is we got new members. And we have an archive of jumpstart trainings that members can watch. No matter what stage they come in. We just rewatched we just wired some new lighting in my office, we need to hide these cords here eventually. But they will be gone. Soon what I have is I got some blue light up here. We got some like purple right there. I even have some on my desk connected to the desk right there. So it kind of creates a really cool

[51:33] Speaker 2: experience.

[52:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, let's look at the members area. So for those of you that joined, I told you and about like what the program is and all that. But I'm just going to kind of go briefly over it again, members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com has all of the pre recorded content. Everything that we do is recorded and it's going to end up here. Okay. And so how do you find this, go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. And in the upper corner on the menu, there's a button it says login. And that'll allow you to log into here. I also frequently will tag this link in the group inside of the Facebook group. So as well make sure to request to join the Facebook group. There's the link to that you'll get get an email with that as well. So right now we're going live here in the group, make sure that you're in the group. All the pre recorded content is over here on the dashboard. And this is where each new course that's taught ends up here, as well as we have an archive of all the Jumpstart trainings. So the Jumpstart trainings are each time that we onboard a new group of people it goes right here under client growth accelerator start here. And there's a Start Here video which kind of shows you a little bit of an overview of the program. Then there's also let me show you what I just did there. By the way this is this was one of the number one things that most people didn't realize is the these three lines right here. When you're in the members area at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, open up a menu so that you see the rest of the lessons in a course. So, inside of each of these, these are considered courses and Thinkific. And that's the platform that we use that houses all of our courses and training thinkific.com. So we have an account with them that that's where all these courses live. And so when you click on a course, let's just click on irresistible offers that sell. You'll be like, Okay, there's a one lesson here that I see this is where some people got stuck is they thought, each course was just one lesson. And that was it. I was like, No, click the menu. And look, there's there's lesson two, lesson three, lesson four. And so each course has multiple lessons that you can go through sequentially,

[94:56] Speaker 0: to learn from so

[95:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where that is. The best place to start in this program is going to be the six steps as to six figures as a coach. And while we're rolling that out. In real time, we're making new lessons for it right, now we have step one, I will be recording step number two this week. And then I'm also building as we do this, a checklist of the different actions that you guys need to do. Now, each course itself also will walk you through each stage of your business. And this right now is about the time where I lose people because their head is spinning, they're overwhelmed, and they're like, it's too much I can't do it. And that's where what I say, is, throughout this journey, throughout this journey, you're going to hit stages along the way, where it's going to feel like there's too much to do. There's too much to learn. There's, there's, there's overwhelm. And you haven't even started yet. And so what we have to do is we have to break it down to what is sustainable for you. What is sustainable for you to do. You don't need to compete with anybody in the group. You don't need to get your goals finished right away. And, truthfully, I know there's some people, they're like, Well, I don't have time to waste to get my goals done, I get that the way that you're going to actually get your goals done is bite size chunks, bite by by piece by piece. What can you absorb? What can you get done this week? Not what should you get done. And this is one of the number one things that I that if I could just impart to you something is eliminate the word what should I do? Out of your vocabulary? The idea of should the idea of what should I be doing? Because what that does, is should create overwhelm. Should is attached to it's a close cousin to, um, there's always usually guilt attached to it like, well, I shouldn't be doing this, but I'm not I should be exercising X amount of day, but I'm not. And as well, when we say should it creates an opportunity to escape go. And to sort of get out of the responsibility to actually do something. So that's one side of it. Okay, we need to take personal responsibility for all the actions that we take each day. On the flip side, we all got different stuff going on. And the number one thing that that actually makes building a coaching business work is self compassion. Is having compassion for yourself. That Okay, I got overwhelmed. Let's address that. Let's look at that, let's explore, why am I getting overwhelmed. And

[145:54] Speaker 2: overwhelm

[146:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: is something that we need to take personal responsibility for. And that's usually controversial. Because overwhelm for one person could be like, not enough for another person. So because of that, if we have a whole group of people that come into this program, and they're like Jeremiah, like you're barely even teaching me enough to get started, you know, and then another person's like, there's too much I'm overwhelmed. And so we need to look at what is behind that overwhelm. What is behind that? What is what is the feelings behind this? I want to ask you, Kim, tell me in your words, like what is behind the overwhelm when you say I'm overwhelmed. So I don't want to guess I just want to hear in your own words.

[159:54] Speaker 2: Yeah. I think it's because I've been at this a couple of years, and it's partially shitting. Myself. And the other part of it is like, you've created a lot of inspiration and excitement again, for me. I've done things in the last couple of days that I've sat on for at least a year. So that's exciting. Yeah. So I think it's just, I'm just really wanting to be not done with this. But moving forward on this.

[168:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So. And that's the, that's the, that's probably one of the most painful positions to be and I think, is like, you know, that you could be a lot further, but you're not there yet. And there's these things that you have to do. And it's like, can I just get done quicker? Does that sound about right?

[174:32] Speaker 2: Yes. And then I think about, if I had all my course content done, and everything on board, I'd be making more money.

[177:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? Yes. You don't need to start with all that stuff, though. What I say is start with just the resources that you have. And the number one resource that all of us have is our time and our energy and, and our own habits. And so, usually our habits versus somebody else habits, else's habits are going to be different. How can I get the most out of my own habits and how I do stuff? And how can I operate? In a way I'm saying this for you? How can you operate in a way that is not just going to be another round of inspiration, excitement, but actually turns into action? And and then where is where has been the resistance in the past?

[191:41] Speaker 2: I've been tell now. Well, I'll start here. When you introduced me and us to chat, GBT, it was mind blowing for me. Yeah, I'm, I can express myself like this one on one talking to somebody, but to sit down and write content. I really struggled with it. Right? And so that, that was it hasn't given me new information, it's affirmed me.

[200:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, it's pulled out of the you what was already in there in, in, in energy and spirit and actually put it into words, almost like somebody was able to kind of download it from your brain. And now it's on a paper, and you didn't have to struggle as much. That's what I love about AI is it helps. That's exactly what it is. And that's the that's the best way to use it, is to take what's already here. And to express it in a way that reaches people. I'm

[208:00] Speaker 2: a big, I'd say it's been a big block removed. And so now the next thing for me is I take baby steps, I can do public speaking, I can do lives. But there's something about going on Tik Tok and all and just like really fully stepping out. Yes, some of what I do, that's, you know, I don't know if scary is the right word, but I'm okay.

[216:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: That makes sense. Um, one thing I'll say is a lot of what I teach, you don't have to post a lot on social media organically. Like if you don't want to, okay, because the majority of our clients come from, you want to post organically once you have an offer built. And then the idea is all of your organic content ends up being related to what that offer is, and ends up being related to that. So like, if I have an offer of start your coaching business, then all of my content is going to kind of hinge on what are the four or five pillars of starting a coaching business. So then I'll touch on, okay, you need to write your copy. You need to do this, and I'll touch on those. But at the end of it, I'll say, Hey, listen, I'm doing a live event this week. I'd love to have you join me. There's a link in my bio. Let's let's work together. And so the idea is I'm pointing whatever my content is to that offer. But here's what's so interesting. In this business, in the coaching business, most of our clients, and myself don't get our customers from organic social media content. It's from the paid social media content. And paid social media isn't really content. It's more just an advertisement. So when you make a paid ad, there's a script to it. I know that we had we had gone over the script of that the other day with Chad GPT Were you ask it, you know what, let me just pull it up here in the in the course. We have the TIC tock ads course we have the Instagram ads course made easy. Well, we use this we use video ads, and we filmed them with a cell phone. And all of our video ads follow the same formula is this script right here in Florida,

[248:33] Speaker 2: creating effective ads here this.

[249:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we'll use we'll use Jasper chat GPT to write our ad copy. And then we'll convert it with these four questions. What's an attention grabbing question? The frame is both the solution and the problem, who you are your qualifications. And you don't have to be these big qualifications. Either it can be anything, sent a sentence that describes what you're offering them and the result that they can expect to get. And a call to action that gets them to click on your event. That's really the like the the basis of you telling stories about the potential result that other people can get by working with you. Just the more you tell the story of when people come into your world, what happens to them. And you just tell that story from the lens of people that you work with. That's what markets and advertises your your your coaching programs and your offers. So when we make it, as simple as that is that we're just we're telling the story of the of the outcome, or the result that somebody can expect to get, and then we're leading them to a place where they can hear us speak publicly. And then we can pitch to them what our offer is. All of that is way more effective. And it's actually going to take up less time than you trying to grind and create a whole bunch of organic content on Tik Tok or

[273:25] Speaker 2: Instagram or else. Does that make sense? It makes sense. It's, you know, I, I've done so much learning around social media. Yeah. And there's, there's lots of, you know, schools of thought that way. And I like what you're presenting, I'm so hung up. And I don't know if here's the place to mention it. But I'm, I'm happy as far as because I'm pivoting from going from a one on one, very labor intensive with what I do in the Akashic records, like, you know, I'm spending a good six hours just when I first started out with somebody, and how to figure out how I'm going to transition that to going to a master class. And still accomplishing that, but not not doing that one on one intensive work. And I know I'll figure it out. But

[289:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: part of that is realizing that when you go to a group setting,

[290:35] Speaker 1: is you're not going to be able to get exactly the same result with people unless you're able to give them everything that you know. And we end up becoming okay with the fact that okay, when people are in a group setting they are, you know, if somebody works with me one on one, they're going to get a much higher level of intensive energy from me, that's gonna help move them along the journey that they're at, kind of like us having this conversation right now. But for me to actually grow the business that I want to to the level that I want and create the lifestyle that I want a group setting is the model that's going to work and we have to

[303:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: become okay with it not looking like what the one on one is going to look like it's going to look different. It's going to work different, it's going to sound different. And so then it's does dialing in, since you've done really well for yourself with one on one coaching and you know how to get clients and that what I tell people to do is bottle up. It's almost like you if you could put like lightning in a bottle. I sort of use this as an example for that. Like, if lightning strikes this and we grab it in a bottle and you put a cap on it. It's that epiphany moment that somebody realizes I need to work with Kim to get my results. And if you can bottle up that moment into a sales presentation that you can do at a group scale. That's how you end up growing your group coaching program. As you bottle up that exact moment where people get the epiphany that they're going to get a result by working with you. It's not from just Are you being a great teacher as though you are? It's not from just okay, there's this valuable content, it's about the connection made, to where to where somebody makes a decision. Okay, I need to get started with Kim in this program. And so that's that's what all of this is based around and we and we go over, I'm going to, I'm going to focus on the rest of the group here. That's why, again, the six steps. I think we've gotten to the point now where most people have at least defined their niche, or they've or they, they've defined it enough to create an offer. Okay. And so then that's where you use the AI for step number two. And this is really where the majority of this group comes into play is steps two, three, and four.

[334:55] Speaker 0: Is the copy.

[335:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Using AI, you're able to map out your program, you're able to map out what's a landing page? What's an offer? Well, how do you tell the story? How do you create something that's enticing for people to jump in? How do you write ad copy with AI, and then you build out that funnel, and you can either build it yourself, or like duke says you can hire an implementer to do that. Here's the truth. If you don't have money to do that, I would rather you not sit around for five years complaining that you don't have money to hire somebody, I'd rather you sign up for a Squarespace account for 30 bucks a month and just set up a very simple landing page with Squarespace.

[345:48] Speaker 2: And oops, sorry, I, for me, personally, I've already had a lead magnet and all that sitting there. But to this two days ago was the first time that I actually created a email to my people on my list, letting them know about coaching. That was my first communication since I've had this.

[353:53] Speaker 0: So

[354:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: did you get a lot of sales from those lead magnets, though?

[355:04] Speaker 2: It's only been two days. So I have. Yeah. Oh, I

[356:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: gotcha. Awesome. Yeah. So you built out your lead magnet. And now we want to get it in front of people that are gonna sign up for it for you. Yep, and you already have an email list.

[359:59] Speaker 2: Yeah, it's small. There's only three people on it right now.

[360:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's actually pretty good, though. 300 is actually pretty good. As far as

[363:06] Speaker 0: you connecting with those

[363:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: people with your offer, there's a there's a wide range of people in this program that either have an email list, or they don't. That's why I tell them like you have to grow your email list, getting a new people on your email list. Let's make your goal now to get to 600 people on that email list. You know, if you're brand new, the goal of the for everybody in here is I'd love for you to have 1000 people on your email list. Because 1000 people is very easy to make six figures with my email list only has 2200 people. And we're bringing in over a half a million dollars with that. So 2200 People at that site, you can build a six figure business with about 600 people. So you could get to about three to 5000 a month with the Size list you have right now. Invest that and grow it to 600 to 1000. And now the goal is to make sure it's the right people on the list. Yeah, people who are want to actually buy not just desperate people who have problems. Yeah, and that's the difference, right? Because there's people who have problems, but they're not willing to make an investment to solve that problem. And so that's where that's where this copy comes into play, is you end up qualifying them both in your copy when they get on the list, and in your sales pitch. Okay, so when you're actually doing your sales pitch, step number five. And we and we we work on this as well. I work more on this with people in my in my one on one coaching. And but we also will go through some of this as far as analyzing the results. It's just It's taxing for me to sit and watch three to five hours of my clients sales pitches. So it's not like practical for me to be able to go over that. But that's why I say go watch some of my sales training go watch how I sell to people and use that as a model.

[395:21] Speaker 0: Just yesterday,

[396:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was telling my wife this. I don't watch a whole lot of other people's content very much if it's similar to mine. But I will watch people who are similar to mine myself, how they sell because selling is something that the more times you watch people sell, you will observe certain nuances on how they do it. I'm watching, I watched Pete Vargas, he's a

[403:22] Speaker 0: great salesman.

[403:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: And Grant Cardone great salesman, that's what they do they sell. And I'm like, okay, they still have a level of confidence when they're selling, that I need to get to, to get better to increase my sales ratio, I need to work on where am I? Where do I still have self doubt? When I'm selling? And so I observed that by watching other people sell. Part of it is like, if you watch me on day five, what I look for is, can I see myself? Could you see yourself saying the same things to your audience? If you are selling? And if you're like, I don't know, if I would say it that way. Then we ask, okay, why is that is there a benefit to it. And that helps us script out how we do our sales pitch. Step number four is promoting your business. And this can be through your email list, because you already have it. This can be through through social media organic, you said you learned a whole lot about social media, I would take what you already know about social media and drive traffic to the different offers that you have. Um, you know, if you're using organic social media content, truthfully, like you don't want to just offer offer offer, the way I like to do it is you just you give content that's valuable to people. And then the last 10 seconds, you make an offer. You know, and I think and I think most people don't mind that, especially if it was like legitimately really good, valuable content that stood alone by itself. And so that's how you can organically bring people to this. But there's also the paid promotion and doing the paid advertising. That's the number one way that our clients are actually scaling to six, multiple, six and seven figures breaking past those sort of plateaus. Because without paid social media content, you'll probably end up plateauing around three to 5k a month, with 300 people on your email list. And so let's how do we get you to 10 to 20 to 30k a month, it's getting new people on your list, and then evaluating, okay, when we go out there, and we promote to people on the list, what kind of feedback do they give us along the way. And so that's what that's what the coaching is, that's what this program is, that's what I'm here to help you with is each little step I want to be I want, I want this group to be a safe space for everybody to share, their wins, their losses, their their, their ups, their downs, their crap, their stuff that they hide from everybody, like whatever that is, you know, what's really cool is in the Facebook group, there's a function of the Facebook group, where you can make an anonymous post in the group where you can actually post anonymously, and nobody sees that you're the one posting it. And so now I now I see who posted it, but I'm not going to tell anybody who it was. But it does, it does help me at least that I can see it. And so in that it's helpful that if you're just struggling with something, and you don't want people to like know exactly who it is, it's a great way to we have had a couple of people use that feature to really be able to unpack some of where they were, where they were stuck. One, one lady shared, that she just she got everything up. But her husband was so critical of her offer that it made her not want to launch it. You know, and I hear that a lot from people, like my spouse is too critical of me or my parents, or my friends or my aunt or my uncle. And that's what I say if if there's anybody in your life, that is not 100% Like, you got this, this is amazing. And they're not a coach that you hired, I wouldn't ask for their feedback about what you're doing. I just wouldn't ask them for the feedback. And so that's one side of that we had another gal share that she was, you know, really scared and got almost like this terrified feeling when she had to send an email out to her email list. And so I just had her kind of explore like, Okay, where did that come from? What are we experiencing in that? And Kim, I know you you have a lot of experience around like blocks that people have and trauma and all of that. What's fun is if you can make it fun. I find that people that are healers and that understand this is that pay attention to your own triggers. as you're building all of this, and you'll notice areas of growth as you go, new areas that maybe you thought you had, like, dealt with new blocks that you thought that you had removed, and then you're like, wait a sec, okay, there's a whole nother level I'm getting to, which is awesome. So I love that I, there's a, there's another gal Her name is Denise, she's in the group, and she's been able to do that, and really start to see success with her offers. I think that everybody has the potential, I'm gonna I'm gonna turn your camera off here, Kim to so I can kind of talk to the group here. Um, I think that everybody has the potential

[490:12] Speaker 0: to,

[490:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: to make six figures in here. But the truth is that most people won't.

[492:25] Speaker 0: And

[493:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna be really blunt with this, that I will do my very best to provide you with the best content, the best training, the best coaching. And we're providing new resources, we're like I love or collaborating with the group on how to we put a checklist together of what each of the steps are, I love that. We're starting to put better resources, the group improves for the group. It's like this organism that we're all focused on one thing. And so the organism gets better. However, just statistically, only about 85% of people that are in this group will launch an offer,

[504:46] Speaker 0: even six months from now.

[505:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so there's two sides to that. A don't feel guilty. Don't beat yourself up for what you haven't done. I just I think that's like one of the biggest things that can help you is, is we can't get stuck in this cycle of self doubt, self hatred, self loathing, self punishment. And even if that's been our pattern, that's one of the number one areas of personal growth and personal development is when you screw up, when you mess up, make it a habit to love yourself. Congratulate yourself. My wife and I just talked about that today. And it actually gave us a lot of breakthrough with the baby and stuff like that that was going on. I was like, you know, I just I feel like, I everything I do. It's not it's not good enough. And I realized, wait a sec, I might feel that way. But I need to be the one that congratulate myself, even when I feel that way and say you know what, I'm giving it my best shot. I'm three weeks now almost four weeks into being a parent, I'm doing a great job. And that's where if you've been at this business for a long time, you might be like, Well, I've been at it for so long, I should be further along. Those thoughts that get into our head and I have them as well. We have to learn to just for lack of a better word is is to really take the thought and not let it have a hold on us. To where we end up thinking about it. We end up trying to solve for it. And we ended up trying to resolve this these thoughts of inadequacy. Thoughts of inadequacy don't serve us very well. They have a purpose, in a sense. Because like if you study parts work or shadow work, there is a purpose behind the critic behind even the negativity. And in a set, you know, case in point, if I see somebody doing something that is wrong. And when I say wrong, I'm talking like, you know, abusing somebody. Like I'm glad for that part of me that sees abuse and is not okay with it, right. But what we have to do is we have to learn to guide that inner critic to say, Okay, I don't need to be so critical on myself just because that's how my last relationship was just because that's how my spouse was just because that's the household I grew up in. Truthfully. As the weirdest, it's the weirdest thing to share, because like most everybody who's in this program either has either heard of my mom knows my mom follows her or has followed her for a long time. And I shared pretty openly in the group, not so much on my social media, but here in this group. It was a very rough childhood. And she was very critical. Nothing was ever good enough. And I was trained growing up that I had to manage her happiness and emotions in order to be safe in order to feel safety as a kid, right. And that's a pattern that I'm excited that I get to break the cycle of with my son But I still have that wiring in here because like that was wired in me for over 30 years 30 even like, yeah, like 30 years was that don't do anything that disappoints anybody. Don't do anything that is less than perfect. Don't, if you can't do it perfect, don't do it at all. And so that was the mindset that I came into building this business back in 2018. My wife and I, we got married in 2017. This is Storytime with Jeremiah. We got married in 2017. And in 2018, we went from I was my wife and I were working for my mom and 2017 to where we were no longer working for her. And I had to build my own business. And there was a lot that I didn't know about building business, we had successfully worked with her and helped her build her business to over $20 million. And so the strategies of funnels and copywriting and all that like, like I've, I've been immersed in the world of like your niche and your copy and sales pitches and all this for 20 years. 20 years. But I didn't have like the mental framework to actually do it myself. So I was really good at doing it. For other people. I was really good at being an implementer for other people where I can write their copy where I can build their funnels. And so what I had to learn is that it was it was directly tied to this perfectionism, like Sherry says grew up with, if you can't do it, right, don't do it at all. Exactly. And I think that, that that framework, not everybody in this group grew up with that. So I want to honor that, that if you didn't, that's fine. Um, we touch on a number of different things that people grow up with, what I say is there's usually two, two pillars of resistance that people have. And they both are, are connected the insecurity. One of them is, yeah, if you can't do it, right, don't do it at all. And it's either you're afraid of people judging you wrong and getting punished. That's what mine was, was the fear thing. The flip side is it can be pride, it can be this ego, like people like us don't lower ourselves down to the level that do things that are subpar. One of the biggest strategies that's going to help you with your business is to actually lower your standards is to actually lower your standards. And let me explain what I mean by that. Because I don't mean, like, you get rid of your boundaries, I don't mean that you do things that, you know, like if I'm like, Okay, I need to lower my so that people say this when they're dating, you need to lower your standards to go on a date. I don't think so. I think you know, when dating, I had pretty high standards and, and I met the love of my life. And she's incredible, because there was a, there was a line that I didn't want to go below, right. But when it comes to building a coaching business, when it comes to building a course business, we have this tendency, especially if you've seen other successful people. Yes, I love what Kim said Good enough is good enough. I really feel like you, Kim have a lot of the framework that it takes to be successful. So again, a lot of what I'm sharing here, is I'm sure you've heard it before. What I'll say is that when we look at out into the into the marketplace, other coaches, other trainers, other mentors, we can end up getting in the comparison trap of okay, they got the perfect graphics, they got the perfect marketing, they got their ads are just great. You might watch me and be like, he's such a great teacher. He's such a great speaker. You might be like, How can I ever speak at that level? You know, I don't I don't use notes. When I teach people I flow with what I'm feeling in my spirit. I flow intuitively, every course that I teach is all intuitive. And I've taught myself how to do that. And that's something that I think that you can learn. But I started with I had to use checklists, and I had to use notes. And when I first taught my first courses, I would create a list that was like five pages long of every little topic that I wanted to share. And then I would move it around like a puzzle piece and that would keep me going. Then I taught myself how to just do that up here in my head. And that allowed me to actually reduce the amount of time that it takes me to produce my content, but I've been doing it a long time. It's taken me about two For years of doing this in this business, I've been coaching since 20 2016. And so as far as my coaching background goes, I've been coaching for

[643:10] Speaker 2: seven years. And I was

[644:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: very awkward at it when I started. I only had one, one or two things I could teach on one of them was like, any roadblock, I used to teach this all the time, and I barely ever teach it, which is funny. Absolutely, no, I agree with that. Kim, it is. And my faith is I believe that I really do I connect with God and God and I end up communing, and that's where a lot of my content comes from. I don't want to create some kind of weird like, okay, he has voices from heaven. And we need to listen to what Jeremiah says type, like idol worship of me, though, so that just don't just don't do that. I'm also still fallible, and human, and and all that. But that's what I do, I flow from my energy flows from a place of intuition. Versus at so much as logic. Where was I going with this, there's two things I got to now trains of thought that I want to share with you, I shared this, I'm actually gonna go in one different one direction, I'm gonna come back to what I was talking about. What do I mean when I say use intuition and not logic. So here's where I would start is, is we all have instincts. When it comes to life, when it comes to business, you wouldn't be able to drive a car, you wouldn't be able to brush your teeth or take a shower, or even wake up in the morning, if you didn't know how to listen to your instincts. So he will tell me I don't have any instincts, I don't have any intuition. Just the fact that you're here today proves that you do so but what it is, is we can train ourselves to be able to listen to that. Here's what I like to do when it comes to marketing. This is why this applies to this. When we create our offers, what I always start with is is more of an intuitive approach to or I'm just, I'm just playing around, I'm having fun, coming up with some ideas. And then what I do is I launch it with the purpose of not attachment to the outcome. But rather, it's an experiment, rather, it's a test. And this is the energy that we need to make sure that we get to every single person in the client growth accelerator. Whenever you run your Facebook ads, whenever you send it to your email list. Whenever you post on social media, it's just a test. It's not life or death. It's not the end all be all of your, your your ultimate goals. And even to this day, so I every single time that I run offers, it's just a test. My mom's a great example of this. She has been doing this for a long time. And we just had a call yesterday, she's like, Okay, we're gonna test this out, I'm gonna go send a survey to my group. And they're gonna tell me what they want to learn. And then she's like, okay, and then I want you to write the offer. And we're going to build this new webinar that we're going to launch in two weeks. And we're going to test it out and see how people respond. And she says, and what I want to do is I want to test

[692:24] Speaker 1: out if we can talk to people that are not just beginners that want to learn about the stock market, but they've been struggling with the stock market, and they want to learn to no longer struggle. And I said, Yes, because that segment of people is more likely to upgrade to her VIP program when they get results, versus the person who's who's just starting, they might not even get to that place for a couple of years.

[700:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, even though she has all of this experience in marketing, every campaign that we lost with her business, every campaign that we launched with Rick pinos business made over a million dollars a month

[704:25] Speaker 0: teaching, coaching,

[705:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was all a test. It's all an experiment. And so there's actually not a point that you get to where you're not experimenting. And so what that does is it turns this process into a mode of pressure it, it transforms the pressure into a game, to where you're having fun to where you're going after that. And that's where, as I'm saying this, that's the moment of resistance that I think a lot of people run into, is they're, they're struggling with balancing these two ideas in their mind. It's just a test. It's just an experiment with I need to make this work. I need this to produce results. I need this to make me money, or else and so if we think about Got that balancing that we can integrate those two sort of opposing ways of looking at your business, right, we have one way of looking at the business that's more childlike. I would, I would implore you that the more childlike that you can get in how you look at building your funnels, the more success you're going to have. The more you see it as a play thing, the more you see it as fun, the more you see it, as I see it as reading a symphony, or writing a play, or playing a video game, I like in the building process of my coaching business. Two things that I do that are fun. Okay, so there's that one side of it, that's very childlike. The other side is we got bills to pay, I can't throw a 1000s of dollars at ads and just have it not come back. And I need to make sure that I'm wise, and I need to make sure that I'm actually producing a result and that it's actually profitable, right. And those two things end up conflicting with each other. As you go through this program, you're gonna start to find that they become more integrated with each other, to where you actually realize that, okay, if I set a budget of 150 bucks for my ads, that's my test budget, I'll set a test budget of $300. I'll set a test budget for my next campaign of $1,000. And the idea is to see, okay, if I test with 300, can I make back that 300 or double it or triple it? That's usually where people are at in the beginning stages. And eventually, you'll get to the point where we're we're at in our business, to where a failing campaign for my business right now still makes me eight times what I spend on my ad spend. So I see 8x Return on my ad spend as actually a failure in my business, and also excites me, and it excites my accountant, because we're still profitable. And so I know that we can still keep the lights on, we can still grow things. This last campaign that we ran was, quote unquote, one of my most failing campaigns, and yet we got a ton of people into the program, but I spent more on ads than I would have liked to. And so I'm going back to the drawing board saying, Okay, how can we resolve this to get to where we, the last campaign we ran, I think we did close to almost 30x on our ad spent

[758:30] Speaker 0: 30 times, which is which is that's that's

[760:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: the goal, that's where I want to get to now you're not always going to have that you might have one month, that's 30 and other that's eight another that's 12. And it does this, that's also why it is like this, it's not just a straight line.

[763:46] Speaker 0: What determines the difference

[764:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: between me getting eight times my ad spend, and 30 times my ad spend. It's this offer copyright here. It's the it's the it's the angle and the perspective that I created my offer based on. So when I create my offer, I look at the timeline for my client. This is somebody who's making seven figures. This is somebody who has no idea that coaching exists, right? Like, like, there's a ton of people out there on planet Earth right now. This if you think about is it 8 million people now? Or are we still at seven? I don't know. almost 8 billion people. There's a ton of those people that don't realize that you could make a million dollars coaching people. Okay, and so then there's a stage where people basically get exposed to coaching. Okay. Then the stage is where they decide to start coaching. But they haven't started yet. They've just decided to, then this 7.8 billion Yeah, see, we're almost at eight, let's round it up. Right. Then there's the stage where they've started their coaching business. This is just in my business right here. Then there's the stage where they've there they've they've started it, but maybe they're not promoting an offer. This is where they're promoting offers. And this is where I want to get everybody in this group to is the promoting offers with paid ads stage. So what I can decide to do with my copy is I'll write I can write my copy for any of these stages. I can write my copy to people that don't even know what coaching is. Did you know that you can make a million dollars from your couch and sit on a beach somewhere? That's that would usually be the copy that you would use for that because like they have no clue what you're going to tell them and so then you end up exposing them. Now what I did with the offer the other day we did the like start like plan out your signature pro program that was essentially for people who were exposed but couldn't decide yet what they wanted to do. When I what I've come to realize is I really need to focus on people who have already started a coaching business and get them to the stage where they're promoting. Because then once they promote, they start making five figures, six figures, and then seven figures. So this is a timeline. You know, let's say like, this is 1999, this could be the year 2001, then they decide to move forward and 2005. Okay, then they finally started their business in 2009. And now they're making five figures in in, in, in 2014. They're making six figures in 2020. And then by the time of 2023, they're a seven figure earner. If you think about it along timelines like that. That's how I look at every single customer. That is the customer journey is the client journey, every single person in this program is somewhere along this continuum from you've decided to build a coaching business. Because he wouldn't you wouldn't be here, if you hadn't decided to build a coaching business, I feel like investing in this program means you decided right, the bare minimum requirement to even come through the door of the accelerator is you have to have decided along the continuum of making seven figures. So what we have in this group is people that fall into the range of this continuum. And then where I really help you with is the starting promoting and scaling to this six and seven figure range. This is where we focus on in this group. That's what the that's what the courses focus on. So with that, you have to realize, and become very self aware, where are you on the continuum yourself, realize everybody's at a different stage. Realize just because you're at a place where somebody else is or isn't, isn't a bad or good thing. It's like we got we got to just get real and get honest with ourselves. Okay, this is where I'm at today. This is what I need to learn. And this is what I need to take action on. And you heard throughout the last week, that the client growth accelerator is a group of action takers. It's a group of people who are taking action that are doing something and so the stage that I would encourage everybody to, to be at is using chat GPT and Jasper and Jasper is, in my experience is superior in its results for coaches creating their offer copy. I don't just say that because I am an affiliate of theirs. But if you want to use my affiliate link, you can go to Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash Jasper and sign up with a free trial to that. Okay. Now let's take some questions here before we move forward, Duke What's up

[852:41] Speaker 0: oh, hey, there. Can you hear me? Yes. Okay. Yeah, because I need to my environment are not permitted to turn on video so I can talk to you right now. Can I tell you no camera?

[858:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's fine.

[859:02] Speaker 0: Okay, so I have a question that I I've watched the video three about the funnel about the funnel. And I was I have a question to ask you about these which are related to the live event. So so right now I have a I like to toss to coaching I'm having

[867:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: a hard time hearing you can you come closer to your microphone?

[868:05] Speaker 0: Okay. Can you hear me now?

[869:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a little bit actually. Yeah. Yes.

[870:55] Speaker 0: Oh is this okay now? Yeah, this is small. Yes. Okay. Okay. So I have a I have a two cars I have to pass about the energy. And I have a question about the light event. So I see you do a lot of live man. So I have a question about that is do the live event happen chain to chain constantly. So like everyone MATLAB has great a deep in life and for my clients, all the formatting

[883:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: if it's if it's making profit, I would turn it into something that's evergreen, to where you don't have to do it every single month. When it's profitable, if you, if it's not making you a profit, you can't, you're not gonna run something that's not making money, that's just, that's just not gonna work. So you create the live event and you can, you can run it evergreen, or you could do it to where you show up. And that's really up to you. It's promoting getting the right people to the event, and then making sure that the sales pitch that they hear is going to close them as a sale, that's really sort of the magic behind it, is making sure that when you're talking on an event, and it could be live, it could be pre recorded. And that it's it's emotionally connecting with people, not just logically but connecting with them to get them to buy what you're selling. Does that makes sense?

[899:56] Speaker 0: Yeah. Okay, I got it. So it's all about the conversion, right? Is this convert it is not convert. So we need to, I need to change. Another context amount of content.

[904:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? Where Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But it's not converting we want to test was the copy, right. And there's milestones with that, when you run your live event? This is actually a great question right here is with the live event, there's there's stages of conversion that you're looking at. Okay, so stages of conversion.

[913:16] Speaker 2: Are.

[914:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is your landing page, right? Your opt in page where they give you the name and email address. So if 20 people visit this page, and to sign up, that's a 10% conversion rate for your landing page. Okay. And so that's now let's, let's say 200, people visited it and 20 signed up their stages of conversion, now you have the live events, or it's or it can be pre recorded. And it all tracks this. So 20 people registered for your event. But what if only two of them showed up. So that's only two people that converted to even watch your your event. So what we what we noticed is this is that this is usually the first stage of contention. And a sticking point that people have when they were running their Funnels is that got maybe a lot of people whose numbers are a lot higher, they might have like 200, opt ins, 200 email addresses, but only like six people showed up at the event. So what that means is this one thing, those 200 people didn't convert to actually become viewers of the sales pitch. They didn't have buy in, to even show up and listen to the offer. So that that points back to two things, usually, your copy and your offer of the event. Probably didn't get the right people. If it did get the right people. Then your follow up emails, you didn't send enough emails to follow up with people. And this is one of the biggest things so many people are like, I don't want to send so many emails to people, here's what ends up happening. This is you not sending enough emails. And then if you do send two or three emails a day for your free event, this number will bump up to like 30 to 50 right here. And really, if you get 200 people on an event, you can expect about 50 of them to be live about 25% will watch live. And that's actually a really high number is that 25% will show up live. Okay. So so we look at this as our first stage of conversion is your landing page, stage one. Stage two is if they actually show up and listen to your sales pitch. And then stage three is did they purchase my offer? If nobody's hearing you on a sales pitch, how are they ever gonna buy from you? If there's no if there's no people with money, to even hear you pitch To them, or they got bored by your sales pitch, or they got turned off by it, and they were the right people. That's where we need to actually solve and fix is our is our sales pitch, as it needs to connect with people better. And that's where we grow in our people skills, and our sales ability to energetically make a connection with people over video to then lead them to go make a purchase. So we got the three stages of conversion is your landing page. That's stage one. How many people actually signed up? Stage Two? How many people actually showed up? And stays three? How many that showed up actually purchased? Does that make sense?

[972:30] Speaker 0: Yeah, it makes sense. So we optimized

[973:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: for that. And that's what helps you know, when is it time to go evergreen is when you start getting better at getting people to show up and then converting them to sale. If I know that I put an offer out there and XYZ amount of people show up and they convert to sales. And I do it every single time. And I've done it three times. And it always converts, I'm going to turn that into an evergreen funnel. Now there's a flipside to Evergreen funnels, they end up they, they they have a lifecycle, they end up, they only last about six to 12 months, in my experience. An evergreen funnel only lasts about six to 12 months. Because by that time, if you're doing it right, and it's converting to sales, you've shown your funnel, the same funnel to just about everybody who's going to sign up for it. And so now we get gotta go back to the drawing board. And we need to create a new offer. And then start the process over again. But you can get to where you can do that once every six to 12 months. That's where my mom is out with hers is She'll create an offer maybe every three months. And we're getting her to where she's doing it may probably every six months. That's where we got Rick Pino to he didn't change his offer for a whole entire year. And every single time he ran, it brought in sales. And so it became evergreen, because it was the same offer again and again and again. But we didn't turn it into evergreen until we knew that it was converting.

[997:50] Speaker 0: Okay, all right. Thank you. Thank you. I have a one question. Another question. Yeah, about the live van. Because my funnel now is not evergreen. So I have to do it live. Yeah. So my question is, how long for a campaign, the duration for like, how long do I prepare for launching a campaign for a live like one month, one month or two weeks,

[1005:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: two weeks? To which Yeah, each campaign I wouldn't promote for more than two weeks, it seems the attention span of social media people is about two weeks. After two weeks, you'll lose a lot. A lot of the people who signed up won't even show up after about two weeks. So it's about a two week cycle. There's a way to hack this just a little bit. And this is this is why what I do is I do a one day event where it's like a it's a it's a Saturday afternoon event. And then I point people who are on that to join me for the five day event. And so the way that I've hacked that is I will run the one day event for two weeks, and then do the five day event. And so I actually have a three week ad cycle right there. My goal and plan in the next three months is to condense that the next three to six months is to condense that down to or I can run that whole cycle evergreen every week or so, to where there's new people going through a five day experience with me. But they're going through the recordings with me and so they're coming in at all different stages for a five day training because we've dialed it in so much that it's it's converting it's working, we have all of our different levels set up. 10 Let's talk about that. Let's talk about that. Because here's the thing is the other ways of building this business are 1000 times more exhausting. And I've actually found that this way of doing it is the least exhausting. So what I'd love to do is just talk about that and maybe process through that a little bit. What part of it seems exhausting because I'm not about exhausting myself. I if it was it was exhausting. It's not worth it to me.

[1036:58] Speaker 2: Well, part of it is. I said part of it is my age.

[1038:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's fine. Yeah. We keep it simple. You might Just do a webinar, like a one one time thing a one day thing. I'm also I'm also scaling my business up to over $10 million. So it's like, I have a, my wife and I talked about this, my goals are like, I'm just trying to go to the moon with this. So you guys don't have to do as much as what I'm doing. either. You could start with just one offer or one event.

[1047:40] Speaker 2: I think part of it is just you know, it is new. So getting in that flow and figuring it all out. And yeah, then it seemed like so much.

[1050:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, there's, there's a magic that happens. There's a, every single person in the accelerator says it's a magic moment where they actually did the event live and sold, the people live, and people bought. And what was funny was up to that moment, it was overwhelming. And as soon as that moment happened, all of the overwhelm disappeared. And they ended up doing again and again. And it was so easy for them. So it's literally like the hardest part, I think, is just getting to that first sales pitch with a live event. So we see it as that. What's up?

[1061:13] Speaker 2: I said, I'm looking forward to it.

[1061:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited to have you in here and to and to work on that. The the repeated part of the process, because you end up just repeating what you've already done. The the hardest part of it comes, just because it's unknown, I think. Because then once you do it once, it's no longer unknown. And so it becomes the I will say for like the first time you do it, it might seem more exhausting. And you're like, how am I going to do another one of these? How am I going to do another one? After that first one, the level of exhaustion just goes. And you'll and you'll notice if you read through some of the comments of people in the group and all of that, that's what they're all saying to so. And so let's let's address that, too, is what can you do? To? Because if you're operating, here's what I found it for operating and building a business out of exhaustion. aren't the best of us doesn't show up. Right? Sorry. So how does the best of us show up? The best of us shows up from that, that playful place where it's fun, where it's? And so what can you do? I tell people, this state management is one of the most important parts of this, when you're when you're creating your sales copy, when you're creating your funnel, is to figure out okay, when you start to feel that overwhelm, you start to feel that exhaustion is take a quick break away from it and go do something else that you love. Go do something else and create sort of a habit cycle for you to where like you're almost looking forward to getting past certain milestones because then you go get to do that fun thing. That was something that I did for a while was I would say okay, I'm struggling to build this part of my funnel. And so I'm going to create a goal, or I get to go play one round of this video game that I love or I get to go around the block or whatever that thing or I get to go play my piano, some fun thing after I reached that one milestone, not a massive thing I'm talking to it might even just be 15 minutes of work, like 15 minutes on chat GPT and then you go do something else. And allowing yourself to do that it creates it removes a lot of that pressure to where you are feeling like okay, I have to get this done before I can go do something else. I have to get this done as well. Does that make sense?

[1107:12] Speaker 2: Yeah, one of my life lessons is balance. And I last year was a lot of those lessons for me. So yeah, I'm getting way better at at allowing and going with the flow a little bit. Perfect. Yeah. Because when you don't listen, then your body forces you to listen

[1112:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: honor percent it does. Yeah. So all of this comes from find your flow. Find your groove inside of this group inside of this program. That's why I'm excited for you are on our Monday training that we did the q&a at this coming Monday it's going to be that's my favorite time was during the q&a, as being able to answer more of the questions from people and being able to really just Let the group flow to where I'm listening. And we're doing that. That's where I think a lot of the beauty of this is is like, any stage that you're overwhelmed any stage that you're stuck, you have this group as a resource to get unstuck. And then you have the resources that you have both in learning balance and helping yourself get unblocked to where the two can work side by side to help you create that life and that business that you want. Thank you. Awesome. Yeah, duke says Don't overthink it. overthinking is what one of my

[1134:26] Speaker 0: activities

[1134:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: that I do that, like obsessive rumination and overthinking to where we end up trying to like simulate in our brain, how things are gonna go. That ends up being one of the biggest things, I think that stops us like he's like He said, right here, the energy gets stuck in your head. And so we have to move it to the heart into the body. And that's why even just moving your body physically can be really helpful with that. feeding it fuel, feeding your body, you know, good nutrients, I find in my business that I'm not operating at my best if I drink alcohol, I haven't, you know, I'm not operating at my best if I eat a bunch of sugar. I'm not operating at my best. If I

[1151:12] Speaker 0: don't

[1151:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: drink any water. Like that's a big one too, like not drinking water, having too much coffee, because your adrenals these different types of things pay attention to and this isn't a fitness or a health program. You know, I'm not going to try to make everybody into like a ripped lean mean machine. But getting your body moving just a little bit moving your body maybe more than you already are right now. If you're not moving at all, just 15 minutes a day going for a walk or, or 510 minutes doing that. Practicing meditation is good. Yep. Surrendering. I also Yeah, I use the headspace app for meditation, which is really cool. Different resources, different ways that you can kind of find that center and find that that energy. Some people, you know, might need to just do your spiritual practice, read the Bible or pray or whatever your thing is that you do, that helps get you centered to where you feel like a million bucks. And then you go out there and you start to write your copy and build your funnel. And then when you feel that sense of overwhelm, or that overthinking, we end up operating from okay, how can I Yeah, yerba monta is good you're right, absolutely. We we end up operating from a place of not just trying to make the thing happen that's that's the thing that I see a lot of people end up doing is they end up coming to a program like this and they're trying to make the thing happen. And it's better to let it more flow out of you to where you look at okay, what do I need to do tomorrow create chunks of time where you're planning your activities

[1184:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: in about three week increments and so I love I'm building a five year plan you know, that's cool. But this can become very overwhelming. What I prefer is building out a three week plan to I just get really clear and this is one of the number one strategies that when we when we come in and and up consulting companies, this is what this right here is actually what transformed Rick pinos business into a into a million dollar company is one of these was going from five year plan to three week planning. And so the idea is you just get really clear on what am I going to be doing the next three weeks and What does my next seven days look like? And you end up just looking seven days into the future. What do I want to accomplish? What is my goal to accomplish, you give yourself the grace as well to not have to accomplish that thing. If something comes up, and that's okay. I had to push stuff out a week. But the idea is you end up holding yourself accountable to smaller chunks of time. Instead of the overwhelm of I have all this to do in the next six months, or I have I've been doing all of this for years, we ended up getting more present to what is right in front of me right now. And so when you look at the six steps, finding your niche, writing your offer, copy, creating your funnel, promoting it with ads, figure out what do I need to do in the next seven days? What I didn't need to do in the next three weeks, I don't know why not two weeks Do I just do it three weeks there's there's not a rhyme or reason to why it's not two weeks, um get really specific as to what you're going to do.

[1221:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sherry says I, someone else I followed suggest setting ceilings and floors. Best case scenario, what will I accomplish today? Worst case scenario?

[1223:53] Speaker 0: Yeah, that can be good.

[1224:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now Now part of that is though, if you're somebody who still operates from if it's not perfect, you better not do it, you might set your your ceiling too high and your floor too low. Or I mean your your floor too high and your ceiling, you get what I'm saying you might set it to where it ends up, re triggering you into self punishment, self doubt and self loathing. So you got to be careful of that. Okay. So what

[1235:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: one thing that you're gonna learn from me is I'm not a time management expert. And so if you're looking to me to be a time management expert, you're going to be very disappointed

[1238:22] Speaker 0: in that, okay.

[1239:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: What I can help you with, is getting more clients in your business. But these are just some small things that have helped me is shrinking your big vision down to just getting present? And what do I need to accomplish in the next week or so. Because if you if you're focusing on what's three, five months down the road, six years down the road, your brain ends up overthinking, and over processing that, and there's no benefit to over processing. There's no benefit to sitting around, spinning around and simulating ideas and coming up with the ways that it could go wrong, or it could go right, or things like that. And then here's the last thing I'm gonna share that I do, I do want to take a few more questions from from this group here

[1252:47] Speaker 1: is you don't need to fix everything, and heal before you get started.

[1256:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: You don't need to have it all figured out before you get started. You don't need to have all the lessons figured out before you get started.

[1259:59] Speaker 0: Get present to taking action.

[1261:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: And learning as you go, this process of learning as you go, gathering the information as you need it, rather than filling up your brain with a ton of information or feeling like you have to learn all of this stuff. Before you get started. I think most of you, anybody watching this, anybody here can identify one particular stage of where you're at what's the next action step that you need to take in your business in the next seven days. And then you might identify, Okay, after that action step, what is a skill set that maybe you need to grow and maybe you need to get better at selling maybe you need to get better at Facebook ads. And so then learn just that one particular thing in that moment, instead of saying, Okay, I need to learn all of this. And then I'm gonna go out there and take action. I'm gonna learn all of this and then take action or I'm gonna I'm gonna heal from all that tried to break me. And then finally go out there and take action. It's better to launch imperfectly at 90% of the way done 70% of the way done 60% Good enough. And your main goal is to get feedback from people, how can I listen to people? How can I listen to the group of people that is in my free event? How can I listen to the people that are on my coaching group? How can I listen to the people that are coming into my space to help serve them better? How do you become a better coach? By coaching, that's the big paradigm. A lot of people seem to think that you have to be a good coach before you're finally good enough and qualified enough to put yourself out there, or you need to, you need to finally fix this broken area of your life. Before you can go out there and help people with it. You have to be an expert, before you have the right to open your mouth, and that you better stay silent until you are perfect until you are qualified. And that type of

[1299:57] Speaker 2: thinking

[1300:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: is broken. In my opinion. It's what drives academia, it's what drives college college education is this sort of like only the elites, only the people that know this information, are qualified enough to disseminate it to other people. Realize that if you're here in this group, and you want to share something with a group of people, you might not be the perfect expert on that topic. But you're able to do two things, you're able to grow in the skill set, you're able to get better at it, and you're able to show up imperfectly to help your tribe of people, your tribe of people might not be for instance, I don't have like Grant Cardone and Pete Vargas in my group, right. In the future, I may have people that are like that, I do have people that I believe have the potential to get to that level. But what I'm doing is I'm taking a look at, okay, I know how to take people from zero to six figures. Very quickly. We've had a number of people that are in this group six figures their first month following this process, we've also had a number of people in this group haven't made a dime after six months, because they didn't promote their funnel. Want to know the difference between people that make six figures in this program and those that don't.

[1324:23] Speaker 2: They promote their funnels, they promote their offers,

[1325:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: the people who are constantly just thinking up their offers and thinking up their funnels. They're going to struggle. But I want you to get to the place where you don't feel like you have to be at a certain level, before being qualified enough to speak on topics to open your mouth. I had a one on one coaching call with one of my clients. And the number one takeaway she had from it was I told her, You need to be more unfiltered. Remove the filter from what you're saying so

[1337:29] Speaker 0: often.

[1338:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: In myself, in the moments of my biggest insecurity, I end up filtering and silencing myself like crazy. And so I'm somebody that is speaking to you as somebody who struggled and even still struggles with filtering himself. Now, does that make me a fraud and disqualify from ever talking to you? There might be some people who think it does. I don't think so. I think it shows that I'm in my journey. I'm going along the journey, and that I'm able to help you in that area. Now here's the thing. I don't coach people on getting past impostor syndrome. That's not my niche, because I'm still working even on it myself. I know my lane so my lane is helping you get more clients, what's your particular lane in your business? What I love about this coaching group is this as is that there are people in this group that know way more than me about their particular topic that they're an expert in, or that they're becoming an expert. And what I want to do is I want to help bridge the gap to where you can get hundreds of clients paying you for that information that you have. And so that's what the purpose of this group is This is wherever you're stuck in the process of client acquisition getting clients, you don't have to be stuck. Wherever you're stuck in the process of building your funnel, mapping out what your what your next steps are creating your offer, copy, promoting it out there to people, converting sales that I'm here to help you in the group. And on these calls to help you get the results that you paid me for, that you get the results that you expect out of this, I hope that all of you make back more than your investment in the first couple of months. And then you stay on. And you might be here for even a couple of years just because you keep growing and iterating. And maybe you might become one of my one on one coaching clients. I'm eliminating one on one coaching, but I'm looking at restructuring. And I was just thinking about it today, restructuring it into more of a six, six week program, where I work with you for six weeks, specifically and we meet three times every two weeks for six weeks. I'm like I just had that idea. Again, intuitively, this afternoon, I was like, that might be interesting, because I can price it in such a way that it would be less than $7,000, which will be pretty cool. So I'm considering that right now is how to do that to where it's just three hours of my time. But the amount of output that you get from that three hours is exponential. Now you're gonna get a ton from this program as a group. And it's not a subpar version of working with me. I know a lot of people their group coaching is like a subpar version of working with them. That's not what this is. This is going to be the highest level of coaching and information that you're gonna get about client acquisition out

[1389:52] Speaker 2: there. So

[1390:24] Speaker 1: all right, Duke Duke

[1392:04] Speaker 0: Hello, I have a question is as you mentioned about the copywriting skill is the most important poor conversion so for my if I want to upgrade my copywriting skill, where where can I learn?

[1396:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, there's a goal of copywriting mastery.

[1398:03] Speaker 0: Yeah, it is. It is finished. Right? Yes,

[1398:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's in there. It's in it's at members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. And it is it's it's a complete course that's going to help you grow in your copywriting skill. And I teach you using artificial intelligence to do so. So I teach it about Jasper. But now that Chad GPT is out the it'll work for Chad GPT as well. Anytime I mentioned Jasper, you can pretty much do the same thing and chat GPT as well. But I do like some of Jasper's outputs better because they have different models and stuff that they use. Does that make sense?

[1408:24] Speaker 0: Okay, it's make sense. So after after this fast track session. So the next session is where? When When is the next session? For our group?

[1412:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so the sessions are, there's always Monday morning sessions at 11am. central time, to where we meet every Monday, right there. We are meeting this week, though, on Friday and Saturday from 10am. Central to 4pm Central on Friday and Saturday. And so again, you don't need to be what?

[1418:59] Speaker 0: Oh, this week?

[1419:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, for this week, this this Friday and Saturday, it's the offer Launchpad event. And so the idea is, we're going to work with you through your offers, taking a look at your copy, taking a look at your offer in helping you craft that and put all that together. So that's what we're gonna be able to do. And we can even do that on our we also have a copywriting day that we do on once a month on on the first first or second Thursday of the month. It's gonna fall on the second Thursday because the first one is tomorrow. And so it's gonna be next week as we're doing a copywriting day as well. And there's gonna be there's I post, once a month a schedule in the group. I haven't posted the schedule this month, just because we've been doing all the stuff that we're doing with with live events, but that but I will probably post that here tonight, just the upcoming schedule of all the sessions and send that out to everybody. Okay,

[1433:37] Speaker 0: thank you very much.

[1434:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then I'm rolling out as well just as far as like training. My goal is to course lessons a week. Which means so I have like courses that I keep adding to the members area. My goal is to create you two lessons for the courses a week. So right now, I'm creating lessons for six steps to Six figures, and automated marketing secrets where we go over doing an evergreen and we go over putting it on automation versus having to do it all live. The last one that we just finished two weeks ago was the course, the two courses. successful selling for people who struggle to sell, I just finished this, the last four or five weeks, and then communication skills to improve your teaching and speaking. And so this is about getting better as a teacher, this is about selling better the to sort of the reason I taught them at the same time as they kind of work together. But there are two sides of the coin. When you teach, like when I teach here, it's a completely different energy than when I'm selling. And so that's what I share with you, is those two different types of energy. And what are the words that you say in those two courses? Does that make sense?

[1455:20] Speaker 0: Yes, yes. It makes sense. Thank you very much. So when is the checklist? When is a checklist? Will it be nice? To check that we mentioned about the checklist?

[1458:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah. The checklists here this month for everybody. So as we go again, as we go through this, there is a the six steps are sort of a rough checklist. Whatever stage you are your copy your your actual physical funnel and landing page. And then you're you promote it out to people. You do the sales pitch, you analyze the results, and then you repeat. So those six steps are like a rough six step checklist, what I'm going to work out for everybody is kind of how does each of those six steps break down for people. And that's the exact topic of what I'm going over in the actual course, six steps to six figures as a coach. So I'm actually breaking down in this course, each of those steps. And we're going to build a checklist off of what I go over in that. Thank you. But the six steps, you know, identify Are you in the copywriting stage. The copywriting Mastery Course is a great, great course to go over for that. Are you in the advertising stage, the Facebook and Instagram ads made easy as good? Are you in the selling stage? Okay, the selling course and the virtual event course are going to be really great for that. What do you do for like, how do you sell so it they're all there's a ton of great content in there. We're getting it more organized for you and easier to follow. As the group goes on, which is great. If you're ever stuck at like, Hey, I'm here, just post in the group. I'm gonna say something, though, to this. I have never used any checklists in my coaching for years. And I'm hesitant even to do it on this one. But I know that it'll help people. Because sadly, people shut their brain off when they see a checklist. And they just follow the checklist and they don't think critically and add themselves. And I don't want that to happen with this group to where you just blindly shut your brain off. Because there's

[1492:42] Speaker 0: a checklist.

[1493:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because that's not you don't that's not how business is built. Business is way more fluid than that. Does that make sense? And so somebody gave me some information on how detailed she wanted me to get what the checklist she might be watching in the Facebook group Sherilyn she was like, I want you to get as detailed as this, I'm not getting that detailed with it. Because at that point, there's not enough room for for you to even learn on your own. Is is me getting so detailed with every single step. I'm just not going to do that. As a business owner, like for you, I would be screwing you over as a coach to get that detailed with the checklist. That's how I feel. So all right, Sherry.

[1508:12] Speaker 3: So if I'm going to be spending five to 10 hours a week, which was what I think I heard you say in the last training would be optimal. And you you are just you only have one lesson so far in this six steps. So obviously, I need to do the six steps. First, the lesson that's in there. I don't have a funnel or anything yet. I mean, I have my idea. So I know what my niche is. And I've started doing copy using chat GPT what would be the next training you would recommend for me after I do the lesson that you have in this six steps So,

[1520:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, I'm going to break this back out. This is why I didn't launch that six steps course, and was hesitant to all of the six steps are covered in the existing courses that are in the members area right now. Right? They're just broken out into separate courses. I'm not going to reteach what I taught in those courses in the six steps course, it's just going to be more organized for people to start with. And so that's why I reiterate on every one of the trainings what the six steps are. Step number one, you find your niche. Okay, do you have that figured out yet? Yes. Okay. Step number two, do you have your offer copy for your landing page and your sales page written?

[1533:10] Speaker 3: A lot of it, but not all of it yet. So that's where I need to focus. So

[1534:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where you'll want to focus and kind of hone in. So the courses virtual event playbook, and probably some of the lessons of the copywriting mastery course, if you still feel stuck. Okay, because vertical event playbook is actually the course that goes over start to finish building the virtual event funnel. Okay. So.

[1542:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then if you're like, Okay, how do I actually put together the physical parts of a funnel, we have the funnel building course, that you can go over, that shows you how to build out the landing pages. And then you promote it. So that would be from the Facebook ads course. And then you do the sales pitch and virtual event playbook also covers that virtual event playbook is

[1549:47] Speaker 2: is, is

[1550:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: for the last for the last six months of this program. Everybody who joined this program went through only two courses mostly and got a ton of results. Okay, irresistible offers that sell and virtual event playbook. And so what I don't want to happen is now that I'm adding this course right here, and this one that people like and not learning how to run their Facebook ads or not learning how to make landing pages.

[1560:09] Speaker 3: Oh, yeah, well, I don't even want to look at the automated yet until I've done lives, said

[1561:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's the only that's the only side of that is.

[1565:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: We got to get clear on it. So like what you said, you're you don't have your copy finished yet. So that's really where to put most of your focus is just just map out that copy that's actually going to go on the landing page. You can't build a funnel without copy. Right? So a funnel can't exist, a landing page can't exist without copy. And so then what I recommend people do is to not take more than 14 days on any particular step. Right. So the niche step, don't take more than two weeks on that the copywriting step, give yourself two weeks to finish up your copy, and then move on to the funnel. Like like open up your calendar. And say, by Valentine's Day, I'm going to have all of my copy finished. And then by the end of February, I'm going to have my funnel ready to launch and ready to run ads with. And while you're doing that you're learning how to run the ads and how to launch that funnel. Does that make

[1581:20] Speaker 3: sense? Makes perfect sense? Yes. Thank you awesome.

[1582:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: irresistible offers and virtual that playbook are the two courses that people have focused on that have made them money again, the way you worded that question, Duke are the courses to make the most money to make money, right? Yeah, that's not accurate. This whole program is around you making money. If when we launched this program, six months ago, those were the main two courses that other people went through themselves. And a lot of people those are the only two they went through and they made money. But some of them already knew how to run Facebook ads. Some of them already knew about writing their copy. And so if you don't know how to write copy, if you don't know how to run ads, if you don't know how to sell, then those other courses are in there to help you with that. But yes, irresistible offers that sell and virtual event playbook though Those two are really a complete system by themselves. And what I'm doing is actively the six steps course, is sort of not replacing those, but going in front of those for people that are getting started. Part of me is feeling like I should never have launched the six steps till I had all six steps recorded. Because now it seems like it's confusing everybody. And now you're not going to wait six to eight weeks to even get started. Because you're gonna wait for me to come up with the six steps, please don't do that. Okay. That's, that's what ends up happening is like, like, people end up waiting till the next course comes out or waiting this, this becomes this same three headed monster of FOMO and fear of missing out and needing to learn it all before you get started. And so there's, there's more of an intrinsic like, learning to be a self starter. The courses are there that do provide you with all of the skill and resources, no matter what stage that you're stuck in your journey specifically. And if you want a blueprint to follow, virtual event playbook is probably the best course. That's a complete blueprint currently, that's in there.

[1623:05] Speaker 1: And irresistible offers is about creating your offers the two together, have helped a lot of people put their stuff together. The six steps course, takes what I've been teaching in a lot of our one on our group coaching calls, and brings that to where it's sort of creating the roadmap for you. But we're putting that together, and I'm releasing one lesson at a time over the next the course of the next five weeks. So you don't need to wait five weeks to get started. You have virtual event playbook. Let's just go into it real quick. I go over the benefits of running a virtual event what to actually call your virtual event.

[1634:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Writing your sales copy for your virtual events. launching your virtual event. This is all about the Facebook ads and what to say in your email scripts. What do you say in your event? Follow up strategies. How do you follow up with people after the event I give you some of my emails that I use that you can copy. We had a number of people say well, I don't know how to send the email, I don't know how to market to people once they're on our email list. So then that's why we put together the email marketing the fun way course right here. This one is all about if you're like I just I blank page when I go to write an email or do marketing emails. This will help you with writing marketing emails. This goes over how I write all the emails from my mom using AI and how to use AI to actually write pretty much all of your emails. Okay, so each of the courses goes over, particularly a stage along the way. In your coaching business, virtual event playbook is the most complete, that follows what you can use to create the best offers that are going to get you clients that are going to purchase from you your coaching and follows the process that we taught during the five day event. And then irresistible offers that sell is all about what is an offer. We went over whom are you selling to building out your first offer, finding your Profit Mechanism, but then I also go into lead magnets challenges courses, you can kind of skip these 10 through 13 Are most of the people that are in this program don't even really need to go through these. Why are they in there because we have people who bought this course that are not in the program, what you can learn from storytelling. How to write the story, how to tell the story in your sales copy better. Okay, so those courses go over building your offers. Where you want to get to is where you're actually creating what you learn. You're not just learning, but you're actually creating a Squarespace account, or creating a Click Funnels account or a group account or whatever software that you're using for your business. And then you're writing the copy and you're actually putting copy on a page and launching it to the public to get people to sign up with you. That's your number one priority. Your number one priority is getting leads on your email list and it can take less than a week to get to that place. The only reason that won't is that we ended up doubting ourselves overthinking thinking that's not good enough, thinking we're gonna lose money thinking we don't know enough to put it out there. And all of those are a big lie, because you're going to actually learn by doing. And by putting it out there by actually putting your offers out there. Okay? The Big Lie is that we have to learn and we have to go through all these courses in the perfect order and, and do all that the courses are a supplement, to me helping you become a self starter that takes action, that actually starts to build things and doesn't just think about them. That's really the value of this program is is is helping retrain some of your habits to come into alignment with what actually puts money in your bank account. So hopefully, that was helpful for you, as to kind of how to use the courses, how to use the training, how to use the group, and the q&a calls as well. To get the most out of it, you don't need to figure it all out this week. A lot of times, it might take you a week or two, to start to come up with some of the ideas that you have, especially if you're starting overwhelmed right now.

[1700:16] Speaker 2: Very helpful is the process though.

[1701:21] Speaker 1: Was that helpful? Sherry?

[1701:37] Speaker 3: Very helpful. Thank you. Awesome.

[1702:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome, yeah, I'd probably I'm probably not going to I'm definitely probably not going to run a virtual event until that six week courses done that six steps courses done. We've been talking about for probably the last four months, the six steps with our coaching group. And so everybody's been begging me to put that together and launch that. That's why Okay, as a new person, you're like, wait, I need to go through that one first. Everybody else who's in that group hadn't even gone through it yet, because it didn't exist yet. So I go through virtual event play, but go through irresistible offers that sell, and then check out the lessons of the six steps as we start to add them that will start to create that framework for you to follow. But online marketing is not as rigid as we make it. It's it's way more fluid, it's way more human. It's us bottling up human connection into landing pages and Facebook ads, and pulling people from the ether of the Internet to where they're essentially, can I tell you this when people are on social media, they're in a trance, people are in a trance on social media. And so your ad kicks them out of the trance, about 80% of them are still going to be in a trance still go through your training. Only about five to 10% of who actually gets on your email list is ever going to even become a customer of yours. And that's normal. Those are actually really good, profitable numbers. And so realize, give yourself grace, like you're not going to convert everybody. If you can only pull 5% of people out of their trance to become a client of yours, what's 5% of 200 That's 10 people. So that means 10 Out of every 200 people, five out of every 200 people is going to resonate with you enough to say hey, I want to go to the next step with you. And so that 5% is who you're talking to that 5% is who you're speaking to, in your offers, and in your language is who becomes a buyer. And so we end up focusing on who is actually engaging with us. And what do they want more of not because we're trying to get more engagement, not because we're trying to get more numbers. Numbers are deceiving. Because we're trying to make more connections with more human beings and become curious about what we don't know, to meet new people to meet people that we've never met before. Exactly. And so then we know how to serve them exactly. It's like once you're in this program, that's where I'm here to be of service to this group now that has to align with what my goals are. And the last thing I'm gonna leave you guys with here is this is controversial in the coaching industry, but it's it's something that I really strongly believe that's something that my mom teaches and it's something that that really is the difference maker between you making money or not in your coaching business. So prior to about August of this year, my coaching business was only bringing in about a 500 to $1,000 a month, my personal coaching business. Now I was also working full time with Rick Pino and we scaled his to over a million dollars so that was fun. Obviously a lot of my energy on that. What shifted, I shifted my energy from

[1761:38] Speaker 2: service first,

[1762:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: to sales and marketing first. And I shifted from, I have to serve all these people as my main priority to how do I attract more people and market my business and sell to more people. And as soon as I did that, like the first month, we brought in $60,000 in sales. And since then we brought in $560,000 in sales since August of this year, by just shifting our focus from My supreme priority, what was service, and I was only making $500 a month, I shifted it to sales and marketing. And now guess what I'm able to serve more people better, and make way more money. And it's way funner in the process by making sales and marketing the top priority. Now, that doesn't mean that I'm not serving people, you can clearly tell by being a part of this program, even as little time that you've been in here that I take serving people very seriously. I don't think I'm serving people at any lesser of a level as I was before, but I just prioritize my activities to where sales and marketing became my supreme focus. And where I would put my energy first, where I'm not going to go comment in the Facebook group, where I'm actually not going to hop on a coaching call, until I've also done some sales and marketing as well. Thank you, I appreciate that. And I do and I really work hard to serve people and provide the value and to lead people because my number one goal is to get you taking action, building a business that brings in six and seven figures for you.

[1792:43] Speaker 0: I've failed in this program. If you're not able to do that. Now you might look

[1794:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: at the flip side logically and say, well, you're failing with 85% of the program. I don't think so because a lot of a lot of those people, though, that are in the program are taking action. We have to detach from results, outcomes and milestones, as being the only measure of success and start to celebrate the small wins. I love seeing people progress and seeing them grow. Where I do focus my energy eyes, okay, who is creating those financial numbers. And that helps pull the whole group up because that becomes the baseline. Okay, if If Emma brought in $10,000 from her first live event, I want everybody to get to that place. If Judy brought in $37,000 I want everybody to get to that place. My my best result from just a pure coaching client was Joshua Giles $150,000 In one month from his coaching, following the six steps following this process. And then we ended up working with him when he was making that much to help scale things even more. And now he's working with with a with another company that's helping do his sales and marketing and funnels and he reaches out to me every so often. My goal is not that you stay with me as well that you have to be in my program forever, I want you to grow to where you're soaring off on your own making millions of dollars without me. And maybe you remember me or not my my identity isn't tied to getting recognition from people they used to be. I think that's one of the number one things that limited me in my impact with people, as I actually tied my identity to how much recognition I would get from people, not me more. And you can you can become the most successful when you don't care who gets the credit. And so I don't always care about getting the credit. But what I do care about is definitely getting results for people that are in this program, and helping you move the needle forward for you. So that's what this Fast Start Training was for this two hours right here. We have a great archive as well. It's so funny. Every single Fast Start Training that I've done is different. I don't say the same same things on each Fast Start Training. I say very different things each time. And so if you want to if maybe you're like Hey, I just I need a little more help with getting started. The one that we actually did last month was and in November was really good. I would say that those were the two best that We had. And so if you look at the client growth accelerator Start Here Course, you can find the December fast start, and then the October one, these were probably the two best right here. If you're like, hey, I, you know, I didn't get so much out of this, I didn't get so much out of this January training, fast start, these two are really good as well in the members area as far as like a starting place for you. And I go over some of what I've shared here, but I go over it just a little bit differently

[1849:46] Speaker 2: in these for you. So

[1851:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: thanks for being here, everybody. I'm excited for Friday and Saturday. I'm excited to be able to, to work with you. I'm excited to be able to, to work with you on your offers as well. For instance, like Sherry, you said you some of your copy is done. What I'd love is if you are able to hop on some time on Friday or Saturday, I'm bringing the copy you have so far and let's work on it together in the in the in the training, or come on the copywriting call that we're doing and do that. Or you can also bring your copy to the group call on Monday. Or you can post it throughout the week in the Facebook group. See there's multiple avenues for you to be able to get input and help and have me look at your Facebook ads and your copy and things like that, which is awesome. So anyways, thanks for being here, everybody. Have a good one and we'll talk soon

