CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-03-13T18:18:36.000Z
Duration: 91 min
Otter ID: bfW6Cepn9WcNJc3xq9UB8WEApEI
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right, we're

[2:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna go live in the Facebook group. Joining us live on Zoom

[6:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome, welcome. Welcome this morning. How's everybody doing? Good. How are you? Good. We just got in from New Mexico at one o'clock in the morning.

[9:25] Speaker 2: That's amazing. Yeah. Oh, it's a fun time, but it looked like you guys had a good time.

[11:28] Speaker 1: We did. We had a great time in New Mexico. It was awesome. So anyways, thanks, everybody, for being here. I'm excited. This is our, our live training portion here. And so what I want to do just is for some of our new members, if they're watching the recording, or they're, they're watching the broadcast here, I'm just gonna give a quick overview on kind of how this works. We have a jumpstart training call on Wednesday. Looks like there's still some people coming in here. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna let a few people come in. As I talk about this,

[22:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like to start every call just by recapping how to get the most out of the program, because I think that, you know, people jumped in at different times. One thing is, is this is like, if you're if you're in here, and you haven't been here in a while, you know, there's no guilt, shame, condemnation or embarrassment at all, for not being here. I know, I've actually noticed that I've talked to a handful of people, because they missed like three weeks now they feel embarrassed to show up for like six months, and then they're like, they gave up on their, all their dreams for their business. I just realized I didn't have my camera on, let me turn my camera on. There we go. Now I have my camera. And so I want to have empathy for that. Because we have a culture that trains people that if you don't do everything perfectly, that you should feel ashamed of it. And that's just not something that I want to I want to cultivate. And here is anything like that. Can you hear me?

[39:31] Speaker 2: Yeah, we can hear you,

[39:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want everybody to, to, to realize, hey, you're building at your own pace. This is a is a mastermind group, where we're gonna, we're gonna we're gonna push you to do things that are uncomfortable that are outside of your comfort zone, but we're not going to make you feel like you're less than or that you don't deserve to be here because you haven't shown up or haven't done the work. So I just want you to understand that if you're watching the recording, and maybe you haven't been on in a while this is this is this is your safe space. This group, the client growth accelerator really is your support group. It's not a it's not a group where it's like, you know, a, there's accountability, but it's like you ever been in those groups where like you don't show up, and the people make you feel bad and try to guilt you and make you feel like, you know, you're not as good as them because you haven't been doing the work. That's not what you're gonna get here. What I want is I want everybody to come from a place of self compassion, from a place of self kindness, and realize, hey, we're all going through stuff. We all are on our own journey. And you you're not going to accomplish what you want to by self punishment, by beating yourself up, okay? And so don't don't allow those feelings of Well, I'm not good enough. Well, I'm not accomplishing enough. I haven't done enough work. Well, I'm not doing enough to get you stuck tree today. Like it's your it's sort of like your day one. And that's what I always say every single week can be a day one, every single morning can be a day one. Now where we have to be aware as if we start creating habits, where that becomes our cycle for years at a time, and I'm talking like, I look at things in like one to two year increments in this. If you notice you're doing the same thing for like two years straight, self evaluate and say, Okay, why do I have this pattern of doing that for two years straight? Why do I have this pattern of committing to things not showing up not doing the work for two years and then what's going on in your life and oftentimes, you're going to notice it's usually connected to to unresolved trauma, it's usually connected to some kind of worry and fear or something that you're trying to avoid. Something else is going on in your life. That is sucking a lot of your energy away from building the things that you want to build and that you want to accomplish. Okay, so in this group, this is a group to help people coaches, trainers, mentors, people that want to build a personal brand people that want to use direct response marketing, people that want to make six figures in their own business, the foundation of what's going to help you get there isn't beating yourself up. Isn't self loathing isn't self hatred is not self condemnation, is not feeling like, Oh, I'm not doing good enough, or I should have done more. Or I could have done more. But you want to know what's funny is that's what our brain naturally is going to gravitate towards. Our brain is naturally going to not just have this inner critic that tries to guide us, but it has more this inner abuser, that tries to tell us that we're not good enough unless we perform a certain way. And so what I like to do is I look at it, I want to honor that inside of myself, whenever that comes up. This has been an exercise I've been doing all week, is spending time with family in New Mexico triggered a lot of things in me. Like, then this is my wife's family, but it triggered a lot of things in me and I looked at okay, what behavior what responses do I automatically have that are not serving me? Okay. And so what I like to do is this, honor the behavior that isn't that isn't serving my goals, and actually say, Okay, thank you for that. What I do is I look at in my brain as if there's like, sort of two me's up here, there's one that's kind of abusive all the time self punishing self loathing. And to be honest, that's just, that's just the way it is, for me, as I got, as I have this really like angry, not very kind version of myself, that's up here. But what's funny is I've learned to manage that to where I say, okay, when when he starts to show up, I say, Hey, thank you for that I appreciate all that you've helped me with throughout my whole life. But I got it now, I don't need I don't, I don't need your help in this situation. I got it now. And then what ends up happening is, is I end up the self loving part of myself and the compassionate part, now takes over. And this has taken me about six months to really start to turn this into a habit, where I go to self compassion, where I go to self kindness, or I go to actually encouraging myself when I don't do the things quote, unquote, that I should and I actually get rid of the statement of I should do things this way, I should be doing something this way. How often do you say that I should be doing this, I should be doing that. We can shut all over ourselves. And that's not healthy for anybody. Okay, so what I want to talk about is twofold. One, how to actually break through plateaus in your business, when it comes to making money. Okay. And then number two, how to break through resistance. And, and the multiple stages of resistance that there are we talked about this a couple months ago, but I have some new material on this that I want to share with you. So the first thing is this, we have a wide range of people here in this group. Again, I just I'm going to keep reiterating it. Don't be don't be because naturally your brain is gonna do this comparing yourself to where somebody else is at. And feeling like you're not good enough, because you're not where they are. That's that's, that's the enemy of, of success. That's the enemy of progress is looking at where other people are at and wishing that we were where they are. Having gratitude and compassion and self love for where you're at right now is the catalyst that's going to help you move forward. And you might say, well, I don't have any, I don't have enough time to have gratitude. And I would challenge you to say this, that you don't have enough time not to have gratitude. Because when you live without gratitude, when you live from a place of wishing things were different than they are right now, how many of you do that? How many of us wish things were different than they are right now? I do that. unconsciously. My brain needs no help to go there. To wish things were different. And I have to say, You know what, actually, if things were different, I'm not sure I would I would be able to handle it at that point. I have everything right now in front of me, is what God's put in front of me for me to handle at this moment in time. And so I always say Okay, God, how can I be faithful with the things that you've given me? And this has always propelled me to the next level in my income in my life and in my relationships. Every time that I get into the moment of I wish I was further along. I stole their I literally it creates the the strongest level of resistance is wishing that we could be somewhere else right now. It's a paradox, because we would think that that would motivate us to move forward. It doesn't it creates the most The amount of resistance in our life is when we wish that we were somewhere else than we are right now. Okay? That a situation in our life was different. And this is why I've really, really been been plugging into and studying writings from from the stoics. Seneca Epictetus, Marcus Aurelius reading a lot of Ryan holidays books has really been super helpful for me, because it's helped me establish Okay, a sense of gratitude for the hard situations. I got, I told y'all I got in at one o'clock in the morning, we were driving for 12 hours. And you want to know what I, how am I super joyful this morning, because I realize that that was part of the journey and the process of the life that I'm creating. Now, if you're in some other groups, if you're in some other programs, and some of you are coaches, you might be listening to what I'm saying. And it sounds like I have zero compassion for people's pain. In this program, this isn't a therapy group. This isn't a self help group. This isn't a personal development group. This is a group for people to make ridiculous amounts of money in their business. And so what I've identified is that, for the majority of the population out there, for most people, like 98% of people,

[183:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: they don't need to apply what I'm sharing with you today. For the 2% of people that want to make multiple, six figures 20,000 30,000 $40,000 a month, we have to learn to think differently, to operate differently, and to look at resistance differently. There's a lot of phrases in therapy and self help and personal development, that they're helpful for healing. And I'm not negating any of those. But that's not what this group is, this group isn't a therapy group where I'm going to walk you through your woes, I may have conversations with you, where I can help you with certain things like that. But that's where you should be working with on your own in your own personal development time to work through, okay, what are the traumas, the things that I need to heal. And so I'm just going to refer you to the massive benefit of healing from trauma versus actually walking you through all of that. Does that make sense? And so what I found is this for business owners, because if we look at like 20 to $30,000 a month, $10,000 a month, right now, middle classes making $10,000 a month, because based on inflation, if you're not making that much, you end up getting eaten alive by by interest rates, by rents by groceries, and it's very hard to even survive, making less than $10,000 a month in this economy today. Four years ago, 2019 before COVID-19 hit, that number was closer to $5,000 a month, that number has doubled in the last four years. And I'm not talking about the actual inflation numbers, if you go to the grocery store. If you if you looked at your bills lately, everything's costing double what it did four years ago. So realize that now, middle class is making $10,000 month, that's why this program, I have the bar raised to $20,000 a month as our goal, because that puts you into the next tear to where when you're making a quarter of a million dollars a year, that's life changing. If you had $20,000 A month coming in, in a business, that's life changing for you, because you can hire people to do the things that you're not good at. And it's not a strain on your living. Okay. And so I want everybody who's in here to have that as a goal. $20,000 a month, minimum 30,000 40,000. Because $20,000 a month right now is what $10,000 A month was four years ago. And I know that there's some people who are in this group. I actually did a little bit of research this weekend. You've been following my mom and I for over 10 years. And this isn't, again, I want to go back to what I said at the beginning. This isn't for you to feel shame, guilt, feel bad about yourself embarrassed, but it is to look at okay. How do I make sure that the next 10 years I don't repeat the same cycle where I'm constantly learning, learning, learning and not applying and actually increasing my income to that level that I want to get to and I know that there's people that have been increasing their income over the last 10 years. But I want to challenge there's two groups of people really that I want to challenge today. One On, you've launched your offer. And you feel like there's a plateau? How do we actually get to the next level after launching our offer, the other group of people is those that maybe you still haven't even used chat GPT to write up your sales copy yet, maybe you haven't even come up with an idea of what to do. Okay, I actually found find that those two people have almost an identical issue that I want to train on today. And it's coming up against resistance. Because here's what happens. Every level that you go to every level that you go to in your business, there's new resistance, see, there's this lie that our brain convinces us of that when we get to a certain level, it's all going to get easier, I'm telling you, it gets 10 times harder. The more money you make everything, every mountain that you had to climb, to get to that next level of income, there are two to three times more obstacles to get to the next level. And then once you get to that level, and some of you might be saying, well, income isn't the only thing that's most important, I have found it to be an extremely good indicator of of our ability as business owners to overcome obstacles, that there are certain levels of income, there are literally certain milestones. So milestone number one, zero to about $5,000 a month, milestone number two, five, most people shoot up to about 20 to 30,000 a month. Some stop around 12. But they go up to 20 to 30,000 a month. And then here's what's crazy, it doesn't just stair step 20,000 30,000 40,000 50,000 60,000. No, it actually goes like this $30,000 a month, you wonder what the next level is. And most people usually to shoot up to like that, once they overcome the resistance, they usually get up to almost 100 to $120,000 a month, they go from $30,000 a month to like one and a half million. And then from there, though, usually go up to almost $800,000 a month. So it's like exponential growth. It's not a stair step thing. It's sort of like, okay, new level, new level, new level 5000 30,000 120,000 800,000. And I haven't really coached or helped anybody get past that sort of eight 800 to a million dollar a month range. So I can't really speak to what it takes to get somebody there. But I can speak to what it takes to get somebody to a million dollars a month. And the number one thing that it takes is a massive level of self awareness, a massive level of self discipline. And we have to quit complaining.

[289:23] Speaker 0: We have to quit

[290:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: always focusing on what's not going right, what isn't working out. It's actually it's one of the number one things that we can control in our lives, that feels uncontrollable. So we can't control the things we generally are complaining about. Otherwise, we wouldn't be complaining. But we can control ourselves to actually engage in the activity of complaining. And so this is one of the number one areas that if that if you look at if you're talking with a therapist, if you're talking through personal development, things like that, complain all day about what's not going right in your life. Like they're they're paid to work with you in that when we're talking about increasing your income to 20,000 30,000 $40,000 a month. There's no benefit to actually even verbalizing what's not working, like from a complaint perspective of well, this isn't going that way. Okay, great. So what are you going to do about it? And that's what my mom used to always say.

[308:03] Speaker 0: I was

[308:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: the worst complainer on the planet Earth. In fact, you know how Paul says in the Bible that he was the chief of sinners, I was probably the chief of complaining for the longest time. And, and even up until this year, my wife will tell you, like, you hear me share my story and my story is starting to I'm starting to even craft my story, in a way is okay, I got I have 20 years experience in the industry working for other people growing their business, I set out on my own and 2018 to grow my own business. Now most people don't know I had a non compete contract for two years so I couldn't even and actually build a coaching business for two years. So from 2020 until 2022, I wasn't making more than 500 to $1,000 a month in coaching. Now I was making multiple six figures, doing services, running Facebook ads, writing sales copy, so that, you know, that's, that's awesome. But I'm telling you, it's a service based business is not really a business, it's just a high paying job, you don't have control of your life, you don't have control over, when you can show up a certain place, you have deadlines that you have to follow, if you're serving somebody else's vision, you are, you don't have freedom, okay. And so the first thing that I actually established was freedom in my life was time freedom. As a service based business owner, you can have time freedom, but it's very difficult, and you'll piss off a lot of people. And I did, and I lost most of my clients that way. But here's the cool thing. That's actually was what catalyzed me, then to create this coaching program right here, we launched this coaching program in August, then in the last seven months, we brought in over five right now, I think it's $570,000 in sales since August of last year. And prior to that I couldn't make more than 500 to $1,000 a month in my business. So what changed from and here's what I look at the your income is a lagging indicator of the work that you do today, the amount of money that you make six months from now, is a lagging indicator of what you do today. This is why the stock market doesn't price in exactly what's happening in the market right away. It's usually quarterly. And so in our own businesses, the work you do today, you're actually going to see the fruit of about three to six months from now. Once you understand that, I take a look at okay, August is where things really started to take off. But then I look back six months. When did that actually start? For me? It started in February. And I know exactly what it was in February, as I decided to no longer allow anybody else. But my wife and I to be a priority in our life. No demands from anybody else. I got people at church demanding things. Sorry, Ken,

[359:14] Speaker 0: would love to come.

[359:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll be there next week. Can't this week. I got people got clients, hey, can you have this done tonight? By midnight? No, I can't. It'll be done in about two to three days, which is the deadline that we actually expressed his the expectation when he became a client, but we kind of backed down on that and be. And so this was an answer that I ended up getting my clients is that I no longer the long term solution for your lack of planning. And people didn't really like that too much. But it was it was making a decision that I was no longer the long term solution for other people's lack of planning. And that and that I was no longer responsible

[371:01] Speaker 0: to create for other

[371:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: people, their life and their time freedom. And that I've met and that I put as number one priority in my life, my wife and I and our time freedom. And I started focusing and reading books on okay, how do I get my mindset, right? When it comes to making money? How do I start visualizing the amount of money that I want to make? How do I start? Where do I start by thinking about reaching those goals that I have? Where do I start? When I when I look at okay, I want to make and I actually set a goal. I want to be making $60,000 a month by

[382:21] Speaker 0: August of

[383:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: 2022. This was in March of 2022. We were making about $16,000 a month. And in August of 2022. We brought in $80,000 because I set the intention, instead of complaining that things weren't going how I wanted, I set the intention. I said okay, this is where I want to get to. And then I talked to my mom and I said Mom, I want to get to 80,000 $60,000 by August she's like Okay, that's great. But you're doing it all wrong. And I said what do you mean? She's like you you set an income goal is your intention. What about imagining your dream life? And that changed everything for me. And what ended up happening was very interesting. Abigail ended up getting pregnant so that shook our life up right. That became a great motivator to me to change everything about my habits about what I'm Doing. See, that's the thing is a lot of us don't have a big enough motivator to actually do the work that we set out to do. We're way too comfortable in the cycle of how we've been living our life. Okay. Now, back to what I said at the beginning, this isn't for you to feel guilt, or shame, or self punishment, or to feel like you're not good enough, or like you're not doing enough. But we have to have to have to get to the place where we, we take a look at okay. And I think this is most of the people in this program I give of myself to other people, more than I do to myself. Why do I take care of others? More than I will my own family? Why will I allow myself to help somebody else make a million dollars a month, while my family is only making $16,000 a month, and some of you might say, there might be somebody that think wow, that sounds really conceited, ridiculous, idiotic of you to think that you should be grateful for the 16,000. We weren't grateful for the 16,000. I'm not saying that we weren't. But what I'm saying is, why would I literally pour myself out to help other people, another person, and I'm not getting compensated well, to do this, make a million dollars a month, and actually sacrifice my own family's income, my wife and I, and our new son, to serve another person to serve another person's vision. And so we have to flip our priorities and actually make ourselves a priority. And when I'm saying ourselves, I'm, again, I'm saying like our family, when I say myself, it includes my wife and my son. Okay? When I say myself included, includes creating the home that we've always dreamed of not creating the home that a client has always dreamed up for themselves. See, that was the life that I was living for the longest time. And I haven't talked about this very much. But I was constantly sacrificing the life that Abigail and I had dreamed of, to serve others, to serve other people's visions. Now, if you've ever been in ministry, that's actually a very common thing that they teach you is to serve another person's vision. And there is a stage of training where that is that. But there's also a stage of graduation, where you graduate to where now you're no longer serving somebody else's vision, and you're serving your own vision, and you and God are partnering together, and you're building for you and your family. Okay. And so this is one of the number one areas if you're if you're a beginner

[446:06] Speaker 0: is to, to know and

[446:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: to visualize what is the life that you want to live? What is the version of your life that you want to have six months from now? How do you visualize when you sit down and meditate? And how many of you actually spend time meditating about your your business your future? For me, what I often do, how do I write sales copy is actually a meditative practice. I actually sit down and I imagine, okay, who am I wanting to speak to? What are their problems? How can I help them, and I start to get a picture in my mind, of the end result to help my clients with and then that map's back to sales copy. And I started typing that into chat GPT, what I'm meditating on and thinking of, have you meditated on the life that you want to have? Have you meditated on the life that you're designing for yourself? Have you really sat down and allowed yourself to feel it. And this is where we can identify the resistance is when we sit down and we start meditating on that life that we want. Notice what pops up in you what you might feel in your body, that is telling you Well, I can't have that life because of this. And then what I did was I identified every time I would imagine the dream life that I would have identified areas of resistance that told me internally inside of my heart and my spirit that I couldn't have that life, and it mapped to behaviors, it mapped directly to relationships, it maps directly to habits that I had to grow in and no longer continue in the habits that I'm doing in my life. And this isn't I don't like to identify these as good or bad habits. They just weren't serving the vision that I have. They serve the vision for the last season. The vision for the last season was just to pay for our bills. The vision for the last season was for us to pay off our credit cards. We've won We completely have paid off everything, we have no debt. In the last six months, we paid off everything. And now we're in a growth stage. We're looking at, at a house in about the, the 400 to $600,000 range, we've already been approved for it. And so now we're looking at, okay, what is the vision for our life for the next six months? And what are the areas of resistance from us reaching that level? And so when you can meditate on what is the vision that I want to have? And then what are the roadblocks that are stopping me from that, then you can start to plan okay, how can I start to remove those roadblocks, move them aside, maybe reframe them, maybe change my priorities, and start doing something differently. Now, here's the cool part. Because this is a room of coaches and mentors. As you do this in your life, it directly benefits your clients. Because your clients don't follow what you say. See, I've been teaching all this stuff for about four years on my podcast. But I'm not seeing my clients actually doing it until I started doing it and owning it in my life. And I found that very interesting. That information

[501:59] Speaker 0: doesn't matter.

[502:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me say that. Let me reframe that, again. Education, nobody cares about how smart you are. Nobody cares about in a coaching business. How much you know, your ability to operate to give a great talk, there might be some people that might judge and grade you on how good your talk is, but you want to know what they really care about. Are you actually practicing what you preach? Do you actually live the very things that you're telling them to do? And so then, when I had to look at as okay, what is the resistance to me actually living the very things that I'm telling people to do. And so this is this, this created this sort of six month incredible, was actually more notice from May until August. So June, July, August, a three month period, this was in May, I decided, okay, $60,000. That's the income goal in August. During that three months, I had to look at what am I telling everybody else to do in their life that I'm not doing myself. And this is actually a great catalyst for growth. My mom and I talked about this all the time. This is one of the number one like in my business, and every coaches business I've ever worked with, take a look at what what are some of your best pieces of material that you want to teach and coach people on that maybe you're not applying as well in your own life, and then start making it an intention to actually apply those things. One note, it was for me, I was not promoting offers consistently. I was not marketing offers consistently. And yet I was telling everybody to market offers consistently. So how can anybody expect how can I just meanness expect anybody to listen to anything that I have to say if I'm not even doing it myself? In my pain and trauma, I had this belief that Yeah, but I have all these great ideas. I have all this value to bring to people. And I did. To be honest, I mean, most of the stuff that I'm teaching today isn't very much different than what I was teaching four years ago. If you go through my podcast, I have I've only really adjusted, probably the self compassion piece is the biggest change for me, is having self compassion. I injected that into it. And it was sort of like an operating system upgrade. How do I go from a 1980s Mustang to a 2023 Mustang, right? You got the old clunker that depending on what motor you put in, it can be fast. But then you got the brand new souped up version. That's literally what self compassion did for me. It was incredible. And some of you might have noticed about four to five months ago, I started talking about self compassion. It's literally been the biggest mental upgrade to my brain that I've ever had as learning to not be critical of myself, but that even when I mess up the biggest

[554:40] Speaker 0: even when I

[555:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: mess up the biggest talking to myself with love, kindness, how would I talk to myself about this issue?

[557:57] Speaker 0: If it was my son

[559:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that perspective changed everything. As I looked at the areas that I was struggling with and I said to myself, If my son was struggling with this

[563:48] Speaker 0: How would I help him

[565:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then I compared how I was talking to myself with how I would talk to my son. And how I was talking to myself was abusive, critical, angry, self loathing, punishing. And how I wanted to talk to my son was this loving, caring, compassionate, you got this, it's okay, that you messed up, you can get back up and do it again. And yet inside of me, I was like, you know, you're a worthless piece of crap, you're a terrible person, you know, fu Jeremiah, you should just be dead, you should just go kill yourself literally the thoughts in my head. And I made a decision, I don't want to pass that on to my son. Because that got passed on to me from my mom. And that type of self loathing got passed on to her from her mom and dad.

[582:11] Speaker 0: That's what creates generational issues. And I made a decision for my family, that even if

[586:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: people disagree with this, I've had people tell me that it is that it's, it's, it's against the Bible, to love yourself, that it's demonic. To have self compassion. I'm like, not sure what Bible you're reading first off, but I've had people tell me that and and, and yet, I've had to make a decision that you know what? Having self love and self compassion is the framework of which I will do everything in my life. And this isn't a conceited See, a lot of people confuse self love and self compassion as this sort of selfish herd everybody else to get what's mine type narcissistic thing. That's actually the opposite. If you don't operate with self love and compassion, you will be way more likely to operate that way. Because you'll be trying to get other people to love you in the area that you don't love yourself. It's very amazing and surprising. And so in my effort to not operate narcissistically I was hating myself and loathing myself. And, and I thought that that was going to keep me humble. And as soon as I upgraded my own thinking to Okay, self love, self compassion, that no matter what mistake I make, no matter what happens, no matter what does it go how I want it to, I'm going to, I'm going to be grateful, I'm going to be thankful, I'm not going to let complaining leave my mouth. I'm going to I'm going to say you know what? This, this is part of the journey of being a human today to reach the goals that I know that God has put in front of me. And for me to be faithful with the little bit that God has trusted me with. I'm not going to complain or whine or moan or wish for something different. But instead say, You know what, this is awesome. This is what I have to make today from these are the pieces that I have to build my future with. Some of you, we've all been handed different pieces. And I get it I've been handed way more lucky pieces, quote, unquote, than most people. Especially when it comes to business. I mean, most people don't grow up with a multimillion dollar mom pouring into them every single day. But what I want to do is I want to pass on to you see what I did was I distilled I had two sides of the coin growing up. Most people don't. My mom doesn't talk about this very much. I need to talk about this more. See, I had my mom giving me that one side. And then I had my dad giving me all this religious negativity bullshit over here. And they would conflict in my mind. And I had to weigh the two together and really start to to debate and argue and prove inside of myself, which side I wanted to live on. And I'm telling you the lessons that I learned from my mom, they keep coming back to me. They keep coming back to me one of the number one is visualizing what is that life that you want for yourself, writing your narrative crafting that story, creating your own personal Hero's Journey story. And then this is where it gets really cool, you're able to take your story and connect it with other people that you're coaching. And so this is one of the number one areas if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, and you've been trying to go to the next level, is take a look at what are some areas of your story that maybe you haven't been as vulnerable about or opened up about because it hasn't felt as comfortable in the previous season.

[648:16] Speaker 0: That actually unlocks the next level

[649:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: of how you're going to reach and connect with your your clients. Okay. And the next thing is that you need to not make your coaching business and this is this is for everybody here, mostly for beginners, but I think for everybody, don't make your coaching business be a form of self validation for yourself. I dealt with this for a while we're okay the the amount of success I can get my clients validates my worth my ability to perform my ability to launch people's praise, people telling me that I'm doing a good job, pleasing people, everybody telling me that I'm doing great equals my worth. And what I found was, that's a recipe for disaster because actually, the the closer that I got towards my goals, when I started actually going in the right direction, I came up against resistance from other people, a lot of negativity, a lot of angry emails, a lot of upsetness from people, a lot of disappointment. And so that's why I made the decision at the beginning of this year, that I'm going to be disappointing a lot of people this year. And when you make that decision that you're going to actually disappoint more people than you're going to please it changes everything for you. And so then what you want to do is you want to identify who are the people in your industry that can get the most benefit from your product or service, and will make the investment to become a client of yours. Those two factors right here. And this one thing, changes everything for this business. It changes the cost of your ads, it changes your ability to coach well. It changes your ability to teach people better, how do I come up with content to teach you every single week is this one thing, listening to what people are saying in the in the comments, on your trainings, see not the comments on your social media, you do not really want to pay attention very much to those comments at all. They are a horrible indicator of how well you're doing in your business. You want to pay attention to the comments that you get from people that have crossed the threshold. Remember, we talked about the hero's journey, they crossed the threshold of giving you their name and email address, they've registered for something, they've signed up for something, maybe they've paid for something, they've paid you $7 There's a whole group of people out there that they I'm thinking of like, five people right now just I used to spend so much of my energy trying to get them to understand my message. And I'm telling you, they're not they haven't gotten it in five years, they're probably not going to get it in five more years.

[700:29] Speaker 0: And I just had to accept that fact. They're on

[701:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: my social media, but they're not in this program. They don't ever join any of my free events either. But they're constantly commenting on my social media all the time. And so that's a terrible indicator of where you should put your focus is your social media engagement. Unfortunately, a lot of coaches focus way too much on their social media engagement, and and trying to connect with and get more engagement when they need to focus on who are people that have crossed the threshold with you. They've given you their name and email address. They've paid for something with you. What questions, comments, concerns, and struggles do those people have? And creating an environment where it's safe for people to tell you those things, creating an environment where it's safe for people to tell you? What are they dealing with? What are they struggling with, to where you can actually capture that information? That's why I have that document with 51 pages of every time people join my free events and they actually see here's the thing 150 People might join a free event for me only 50 Did you join the Facebook group, so you wanted to know what that tells me? The 50, who joined the Facebook group See, see a lot of you would look at that as a negative 50 out of 150, that registered join the Facebook group. Now that's a massive positive to me. Because those 50 are the ones who are really serious. And so I don't even have any concern, thought or second moment of energy, thinking about the 100 that didn't jump in to the Facebook group, I really care about those 50, who join the Facebook group. And then out of that, maybe 10 to 20 might join a, a program with you. So that's only 20% of that 50 that actually took the next step. And so I don't give any more concern to that 40 people that didn't take the next step with me. I'm focused on who is connecting who is really going to the next level with me? And what are they struggling with? What do they need? And what are their pain points, the upper percentile of people, not the bottom percentile. So you might look at your coaching business and say, well, there's all these people out there, there's these, there's this 20%, that's actually doing what I teach, but there's this 80% That Man, if only they did the work, they could get results. And amateur coaches focus on the 80% trying to get them to become more like the 20%. And that's a that's a that's a that's a recipe to stay broke. That's a recipe to have a nonprofit ministry. But but but it's called a nonprofit for a reason, there's zero profit. If you actually want to get to that 20,000 30,000 $40,000 a month, you need to ignore the bottom 80% and focus on who is the top 20% that are rising to the top? And what are they doing? And how can I help them get to the next level? And so I look at that from Okay, here's the top 20% that are that are joining my free events. Who is the top 20% that are in our program? And that's what I create all my content around. And I pay attention to and I listen to what are their needs? What are their struggles? What are they dealing with? And then that directly goes to some of you if you haven't worked on your your offer copy yet, that directly goes into then your offer copy and identifying your niche. We're pivoting this business right now, my business. A year ago, we started how do we help coaches get more clients? Actually, how do we just help them build a coaching business? Then, six months ago, I focused on how do I help coaches make six figures. And now I found that's not specific enough, because coaches that want to make six figures, only about 20% of them really are willing to do the work. And so now I'm pivoting to coaches that want to make six figures and grow through live events, webinars, and, and virtual events. And so that's what we're crafting all our offers around, you're going to start to see, in the next couple of weeks, I have five offers that I've just developed, that I've just put together to reach our target client, five different trainings that we're going to be doing to help people opt in to sign up. And it leads people to ultimately joining the client growth accelerator later in April. But it came from doing the work. It came from actually showing up listening to what people want, and putting stuff out there.

[782:32] Speaker 0: How do I say this?

[783:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: There are some of you that would not have done what I did in the last year. Because it wasn't perfect enough yet. See, I launched offers around building your coaching business and then around growing your six figure coaching business and it was profitable for us. But it wasn't quite where I wanted to be. One of the biggest mistakes that I see coaches make is they're constantly refining their offer. They're constantly making it better without ever launching. They're constantly improving on it. And thinking about why could do this to make it better without ever putting it out there. And the problem with this is you're only ever processing that information with yourself in your own head. It's all it is, is it's more just It's this. It's this rumination. You're not actually putting yourself out there to get the feedback from people to hear from them. What are they struggling with? What are they dealing with? What do they want to learn and this becomes one of the greatest points of resistance

[800:30] Speaker 0: is that you can't

[801:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: successfully build a coaching business without first connecting with an audience. See, a lot of people think that, okay, I'm going to build the coaching business, and then I'm going to connect with an audience. And that's not the right path. The right path is you. While you build a coaching business, you make it your number one priority. How can I connect with a group of people? How can I connect with 10 to 20 people to hear what their struggles are? To listen to them?

[811:22] Speaker 0: And then how can I

[811:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: observe and then document what are they dealing with? What are they going through, instead of waiting until you got all the pieces put together, and it's all perfect, and it all looks perfect. And it all you got the perfect looking landing pages and the the perfect brand. And no, I just I look so professional, all of that's a waste of time. Because it's not going to actually help you make any money. It just serves the ego. It just serves the internal ego, of which ultimately is connected to two things.

[820:09] Speaker 0: Pride or fear.

[820:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's either the fear that if it's not good enough, that I'm not good enough to launch and people won't like me and engage with me, or a pride of, well, I would never put myself out there being any less than the standard of perfect. I could never lower myself down to that standard. In this business, in other business models, it's different. I was listening to Ryan holidays book. Discipline is destiny. And I actually found one key area that and he solved it in the book, but I disagreed with him on he recommends not launching anything until you can make sure that it doesn't produce mistakes, that it doesn't that it works out perfectly for you in the coaching business. And there's there's a there's a tolerance for that, in the coaching business, that's the worst piece of advice is to wait until everything is good enough to to spend five to 10 years crafting your vision before you finally put it out there to people. That's that's, that's, that's, that's great advice if you don't want to make any money. But if you want to make 20,000 30,000 $40,000 a month, you need to actually have an audience get in front of you now you're going to spend that time refining your offer. See, here's here's the macro and the micro Okay? In the macro, it will take you time to refine your offer to get to where it's really going to make you more money than you ever could imagine. But in the short term, actually building an offer to put it out there to people to get feedback from them and to take small steps. Not waiting 12 months to finally do a zoom call not waiting 24 months to finally do a zoom call. Okay, go back to what I said at the beginning of the training. This is not for you to feel shame, guilt, self punishment, self loathing, like you're not doing good enough. So see, we have to keep reminding ourselves of that. We have these moments where like, Yeah, I haven't been doing good enough. I haven't been doing good enough, I realized that that's not what I'm saying right now what I'm saying is, have a vision to move forward. Maybe you've spent the last 24 months allowing resistance to defeat you. Allowing your fear of it not being good enough people not responding to you or your pride of it not being ready enough yet. You know, I see that happen often. It's not ready enough for the for the public. It's not ready enough for the public. That's just that's just pride and perfectionism and and all that perfectionism is is is professional insecurity. What I loved about the book discipline is destiny is immediately after the chapter where he said you should refine things to where they are really good before you launch something the next chapter immediately after this what I love about Ryan Holiday, he started the chapter with this sentence. Perfectionism is a worst vice than drugs. And literally I'm like okay, chapter before. If you stopped reading that book, discipline is destiny. And you didn't get to the next chapter, you would have thought that he's literally telling you to be a perfectionist, and that's the only way to succeed. And then he starts the next chapter, saying perfectionism as a worst drug is worse than drugs for your life. And so when he's when somebody is saying is in the macro, and that's what I'm telling you, you want to iterate, you don't want to be waiting until things feel good enough, they're never actually going to feel good enough, quote, unquote, there's never really a moment where it fully feels good enough, I'm telling you that after years and years and years in the coaching business, as you sort of have to callus yourself to realize that there's never sort of a moment where things feel good enough to launch or things feel good enough to put them out there. So realize that waiting until they feel like you're ready enough, that day is probably not going to come. And that's another version of resistance. And so what you want to do is you want to launch where it's, it's, you've reached a point where like, Okay, I know that this is gonna connect with some people, I don't know if it's the perfect group of people. But I know that this a group of people that I feel called to talk to, and I want to create a conversation with them. So I want to gather 20, or 30 of them on a zoom call. And I want to listen to what their struggles are, and I want to connect with them. And I want to have a conversation. And so that becomes your virtual event. And then you take that feedback, this is the most important factor of, of building these businesses.

[903:04] Speaker 0: See,

[903:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can't successfully build a multi six figure coaching business, without feedback from a group of people that are signing up for offers, you just can't. And so you have to actually gather that group of people, this is actually part of the stage one building process. A lot of people look at it as like stage six, it's stage one, to gather a group of people in front of you to listen to what are their concerns, what are their struggles, and then you go back and you use tools like chat GPT. And we have trainings in the members area that walk you through using those tools, we have trainings in the members area that walk you through putting together your offers. And so you're able to take what these people are saying, and filter them through and then write your offer copy and then you create another offer. And then that offer might be 10 to 15% different from the previous offer that you did. It might be 10 to 15% different from the first offer that you put out there. But you're starting to refine, you're starting to hone it in, you're starting to dial it in even more so based off of not what you're guessing in your head now. But based off of what other people are actually telling you. And this is the cool part. My mom and I talked about this a lot. The coaching business is not? How can I be this smart, intelligent human with lots of great things to share with people? No, it's how can I be the best listener on the planet Earth and find solutions for the people that I listened to? So those are two very different things. One of them is ego driven. How can I share all that I know with these people? The other is how can I listen to this group of people and create something of value to solve a problem for this group of people. And usually then those two end up merging together. And that's where you find your soulmate dream clients. That's where you find the coaching business that you love. And that's what scales things to make the kind of money that you want to make. Okay. Now, one of the best resources that I have for you, that's going to help you get started on this process is in the courses in this program. We just finished six, six steps to six figures as a coach. If you haven't gone through this one course right here, I would recommend going through the six steps. And you might say, well, Jeremiah, I don't have any time to go through those courses. I would actually challenge you that you do and I got this from something. I was listening to an older training from my mom that she did like 10 years ago, and she said something that I was like I need to share that with my group. Use what she calls what we call dead time to listen, if you're cooking, have your laptop open playing trainings. If you're driving in your car community commuting, listen to trainings. For me when I'm feeding the baby. I listen to audiobooks take time where you really can't do other things when we were driving through Texas and there's literally no cell service and my wife is too tired to stay awake. I'm listening to personal development books in that dead Time right there. And so training yourself in a habit to take advantage of dead time and go through the trainings that we have in the members area. One at a time, this is the best one to start with, is the six steps to six figures as a coach, because I break down writing your offer copy, putting your funnel together promotion, how do you then present and close sales? How do you analyze the results and repeat that process. And in here, I direct you to the other courses. And along the way that will take you along your journey together. Okay. And so that's what I want to share with you is that the number one thing that's going to help you in your business is you defining your story for your life. You defining the narrative of how you want to live your life, you then gathering a group of people in front of you to listen to the story of their life. And you merge those two stories together. And that creates your coaching program that creates your coaching offers. And that's what allows you then to generate the kind of income that we talk about in this program.

[979:24] Speaker 0: Okay. So I'm gonna take some

[980:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: questions here for about the next 30 minutes. And then we will, we will go from there. Anybody want to raise your hand ask any questions? Have a nice?

[983:42] Speaker 2: I don't have a question. But I have a quick feedback. This is so spot on. Thank you so much. One thing like this opening up for me recently is, you know how like we learn in parts work that we like, we can embody feelings and emotions for parts. This past weekend, I got that fear of abandonment is a core part that's been around since I was four. Yeah, it's like, Oh, I'll be like an action. And there's always this like, feeling like people are gonna leave me and Jeremiah, I really feel like, God was showing me this because he's like, daughter, this is your whole environment. This is wine. Things don't grow around you. Because it's, it's like that. It's the atmosphere that i i Not only live in, but I I put out. So they're so like a God moment for me. Like, he's like, gonna really walk me through and just like shift. I don't know about you. But I, I just I used to think everything resonates with me change. But like, it's kind of like a process. But I'm still in action. But I feel like this for me. And my journey is a key element that's like been in the way it's been in my blind spot. So I just wanted to share that because I'm doing the work. And it's like, why what's going on? And it's in me, I just couldn't see it.

[1008:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, we ended up we ended up attracting people with the energy that we put out based on the energy that we live in. And so I had that fear of abandonment thing too, for the longest time. And I that was another thing. I didn't even mention that I had recognized that right around October that I was dealing with the abandonment wound. Because you know, when I was a year and a half old, my mom left me with my grandparents. And they raised me and she was in and out of psych wards. And so I literally felt abandoned by a father figure by my mother. So if we look back, even in our life, then I was finding all of the pain that I was feeling in my life had to do with people abandoning me, clients, canceling people asking for their money back. People quitting contracts, and literally this pain of me trying to hold on so tightly to make sure that people don't leave me know.

[1023:44] Speaker 0: You're campaigning.

[1024:27] Speaker 2: I've been doing work on this for years, by the way. Here's another layer to it. It's like, like another dimension of it. You know? And this was like, since I was four, when a babysitter locked me in the closet. She used to lock me in the closet. And I used to wonder where is my mom? And does she read me if I told my mom and then she used to physically abused my brother in front of me. She used to put his hands over the fire of the gas stove. And she threatened me and I was I just remember feeling so small. Yeah, I couldn't do anything and the abandonment for me. That's the route and I've been going through healing. I can talk about it now and not be like, messed up about it but it's in my body like in my tissue like another key element that I've never seen before. So I just wanted to share that too.

[1040:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's gonna unlock so much for you. I love this affirmation that I wrote down this week, was really powerful too, I have more disk support at my disposal than I've ever had my entire life, and more resources to accomplish anything I can imagine in my life. And that goes into what you just shared. In abandonment, you know, imagine if you, if you, if literally, you had the support of you now, she wouldn't have experienced that. But now you as you now have that supportive view. So realize all of us that are in here, you have more support than you ever could imagine. And you might be thinking, there might be a few people on this call, say I have no support, I got no support. You have the support of this group, you have the support of this community, you have the support of the client growth accelerator group in the in the Facebook group as well. And, and something that you can do is, you know, you can even make a post in here in the client growth accelerator group, you can post it anonymously. So if you ever want to do that, and post anonymously, you can even share things that you're going through in the group. And I'm telling you this, this is a judgment free safe space to ask questions. Awesome. All right. Stephanie Johnson. Hi, how are you doing today? Good. How are you?

[1063:06] Speaker 3: I'm pretty good. I'm working as I'm listening at the same time, but I'm wondering if we were using chat GPT a lot. Do you still think that we need the jet Jasper as well? Or, you know, what is your take on that? Because I'm finding that I'm using the chat GPT GPT a little bit more than I do? Jasper's.

[1068:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I find that I use it more than Jasper. But Jasper, I use as what I call like a finishing tool. Now GPT does not produce nearly as good of headlines, and ad copy and landing page copy by itself. And so what I find is I take what Chad GBT produced and then I bring it into Jasper and into the recipe that I have for Jasper specifically. And then it just takes it to like, from level two to level 10 in one in one instance. And so the value of that for me is is massive. I'm using both together, chat GPT is that's benefit as it's able to take a large piece of information and whittle it down for you. Jasper is really good at the marketing copy and the sales copy itself. Way better than chat. GPT is

[1083:13] Speaker 0: okay. Thank you.

[1084:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right. I'm Jacqueline, Jacqueline Hill.

[1086:23] Speaker 0: Hey, Coach, how are you? Good. How are you? I'm better. Yeah, just two things. The first thing is like the nice thank you so much for your talk, because I'm one of those where I felt like I had to over deliver for my clients. Hmm.

[1093:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's another thing we got to break up with. Is this over delivering addiction?

[1094:05] Speaker 0: Yeah. And they're doing better than me? Yeah. Surreal. I'm at 12k 13k comfortably. But I have them at 3041 Even at 75k. And it hit me coach, you know, like, Well, what about me?

[1100:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm serious. Yes. And that's not selfish. No, that's not like, like, that's the thing. We got this this in our brain that's convincing us that like, Oh, I gotta take care of other people before myself type of thing. And it's like, in some set, like, like, like, as a member of society, like, there's a range of that, like, you're gonna help people. You're going to help people better Jacqueline, by you getting to 70k You know that, you know, that inside of you that you get into 70k is literally gonna help more people. Yes, sir. Then you stay in where you're at right now. That's what I had to realize. I'm like, Okay, I'm doing this. I'm saying I'm doing it to serve other people. I am not actually I'm only serving like two people. I want to serve 200 and then 2000. Right. All right, you know, and so it's like, okay, I know that I'm called for bigger or more. And I really feel like that's really what this group is. This is a group of people. Not everybody is called for bigger and more. I know that I've started to realize that not everybody is but that's who I attract in my in my space. When I was here, I always had this vision of I want to have 1000 people that are doing what my mom did 1000 millionaires, like, what kind of impact would that have on people. And that's the vision that I have for this program is to have 1000 people making a million plus in a coaching business, because I know that that's going to help change the world impact people. And I feel like that's my passion. And my calling right now in this season, and until the Lord releases me from that calling, that's what I'm gonna keep working towards, is helping each and every one of you go to those next levels.

[1128:16] Speaker 0: Right, right. So I love these talks. I listen, I cancel out everything to make sure I'm here at 11 o'clock, because I love it. Is this a cry a day of some because

[1133:28] Speaker 0: you're depositing? You have what I need to get to the next level.

[1135:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: I appreciate you being here. And I'm and here's what here's what I want to tell you. You have what you need to get to the next level. Yes, sir. You are what you need inside you right now. See, that's the thing.

[1139:12] Speaker 0: I'm going to flip that. Yes, sir. You have what you need? Yes,

[1141:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have what you need to do the work. And I goes back to no guilt, no shame, right? No feel like well, I haven't done good enough. I haven't. I haven't been on that many calls. I'm saying this for other people that might be listening. I'm watching this recording. I haven't been on any of the live calls. I know that there's people getting value from the recording of these trainings, too. Right. Right. But like, that's where the self compassion comes from. And that's the other thing. Listen, the I think the concept of under promise over deliver it has been so twisted in a way that it creates this, this casualty inside of people to where they end up killing themselves to serve other people. Right? That's what I did. So I realized, okay, from a marketing sense, yes, it's great to, that's what I tried to do is really everybody tells me like, I under promise over deliver from a marketing sense. But there is what this this called this, like, in the tangible over delivering actually becomes more of an addiction and more self serving, to where it's we're trying to validate our worth by how much we pour out for others. So I'm worthy of people's acceptance, I'm worthy of the money that I make, I'm worthy of their love, right? Because I gave so much, right. And that's what we have to break up with. Because that's all that is, is that's really, it's we're trying to resolve a much deeper issue with that behavior. And that creates a plateau in our life. Because we all we only have 24 hours in the day, right? So that's not a complaint, it's to say, how can we be good stewards of that resource that God's given us? God's given us 24 hours in a day? Sure, he's given us you know, however many years on on this on this planet, right? One thing I don't like doing is like, Okay, well, I only got this many years left, so I better bow that kind of gets your brain thinking in a direction that's not healthy personally. But at the same time, we got to look at, okay, you know, what, like, I only have this much time to get this done. And so how can I rearrange my priorities to fit that vision that I have? Okay, and, and stop serving other people's vision to serve yourself. So I wouldn't say that to a group of people that wasn't leaders and coaches.

[1179:13] Speaker 0: Thank you, thank you. Because like, if

[1179:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I if I was, if I was teaching, like, a bunch of, I really feel like we have a group here that either you're mature enough to hear this, or you will be mature enough to hear it eventually. Right? Right. Is that is that at some point, you gotta graduate out of serving? You we always want to serve other people see, don't twist what I'm saying, like, self serving, to where we're only spending our energy on what what do people need me to do? Right? And rather, okay, what do I need to do for me, so that I can take care of me and my family, and then I can serve? More people.

[1190:58] Speaker 0: Thank you. Thank you with that. Yes, sir. All right. Thank you. Yes, sir. And my second question, thank you. Second question. So I've been testing a lot, you know, running my free offer. And we've talked about this, but I need to talk this through just for a few seconds. I know I help coaches who are authors with their books. They also have coaching programs and courses. I'm also getting people that are in the digital product space with journals. Okay, so I'm having I'm wrestling with how do I put that? Do I just call it high demand digital products? That is that's a word on

[1203:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you want to do is you want to look at these coaches these people write, what are their goals? Okay? What are their goals? Not what are they doing not what is the process they're doing? And this goes for every coach and every mentor, what are the goals of the people you're mentoring, okay. And so then you craft your programs around, this delivers that goal to you. So what essentially you're selling is your packaging. This is somebody's goal. And this might be the process to get there. Right? Right. This might be the product to get there. Were a lot of people make the mistake in coaching, is they end up selling the product or the process. You got to actually sell the goal. Right? Gotcha. You got to actually be selling people that this is a vehicle to receive the goal and vision that you have. That's why you're not going to know the goals of your clients until you actually listen to them. And they tell you what they are. So you got to create opportunities for them to actually tell you what are those goals? They have? Not? What are they creating? Not? What did they want to do? Rather, what vision did they have for their lives? So that's the thing, you're selling the dream? You're selling the vision, you're selling that future vision? And is it you know, only about 20% of people in a really great program will ever reach that goal, that join program? Because a lot of people, they're just they're not going to show up for the trainings. They're not going to do

[1231:27] Speaker 0: that. Tell me about it. But, but but

[1232:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: focus on who is that top 10 to 20%, that shows up, that does the work, right? And then you you find what are their goals, and then you sell that back to a group of people that also have the same goals. So then that's how you build a group coaching program, because you're coaching the group on the same goal.

[1237:22] Speaker 0: Right. Thank you. All right. Yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, yeah.

[1239:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Well, I'm thankful for everybody that's in here. This is this has been a great time a great training, I feel like this has gotten a lot of value for everybody. Again, I just I go back to I think the biggest catalyst is not judging ourselves. Not beating ourselves up. Not trying to compare ourselves other people. Comparison is, is one of the biggest enemies to success. Feeling like we're not good enough, like we're not performing good enough, like we're not doing good enough. Now at the same time, like if you find it, because that's where self awareness comes in. If I find, okay, I am. Here's a great example. I am, about two years ago, I found that every single time that a client would call me and request to do something, I would drop everything and do that thing and sacrifice my family. Okay. So that's a behavior that for some reason, I keep doing that. So then what I do is I took that to a mentor, and I said, Hey, I have this behavior that's not working for me. What would you recommend that I do to change this behavior in a way that serves me and and what we found was is that I just, I really had this whole belief around boundaries. I had this savior complex in my mind that other people will experience pain and suffering if I don't drop everything, the way Jesus died on the cross, and kill myself to die on the cross for others. And that was essentially this mindset that I had, where I was literally killing myself to serve other people at the drop of a hat. And what was funny was I trained everybody this, that if you if all you got to do is just tell me it's an emergency, and I dropped everything and you can manipulate me to do anything you want. So I ended up training people that I had no boundaries that they can manipulate me to do anything that they wanted or demanded. And then my own brain would go to work convincing me that I was a bad person, if I didn't do that. And so I had to actually like reprogram Okay, where did that teaching come from? Where did all this beliefs come from. And to be honest, a lot of it just came from really twisted Bible teachings such as like, you know, laying down your life for another person and, and you know, caring for others needs and things like that. I've talked to pastors about that. And they're like, yeah, that first don't mean like, not take care of your family. That verse doesn't mean like, actually kill yourself to do to help others. Like, is there like that verse wasn't written for people like you that naturally gravitate towards serving and helping other people? That was written more towards people that don't do anything for nobody? And yeah, that's it. We end up using scripture to justify codependency. I know I did, too. Exactly. So I love the book not nice by Dr. Aziz. It's such a great book. It helped me a lot. But I think, again, one of the I know, I know, you shared the book originally, the Ryan Holiday books have been really good. I've loved those. Have a, the discipline is destiny book is so good. So. All right, everybody, I think we're coming to the end of our time here on the live training. If anybody's got any questions, just keep posting in the group. Upcoming, we got a jumpstart training on Wednesday afternoon, I'll be posting a link to it in the group. And that's for new members. Also, if you're you don't need to be a new member to join it though, if you just want to jump in and get a refresher. It's kinda like foundational start day one. Again, that'll be on Wednesday, I'll post the link to the Zoom call in there. There's also a VIP tomorrow afternoon, with the with the previous three day session that I just did as well. And so that'll be broadcast as well. If you got feedback on your landing pages and your copy, be sure to share those in the group. Looks like Abby raised his hand, what's up, man,

[1312:16] Speaker 4: I'll be really quick. Just because I'm attending after a long time live, so just get to getting to interact with you, Jeremy, just wanting to say this, that I've been working on generating money, which was zero for a number of months in 2022 is starting to work out. So that's the reason I could not attend live, but I'm not repeating I said at the beginning, nobody needs to feel bad about not attending, that's fine. So that's when it's like you're the second thing is, isn't it is my hand was I'm going to copy by the way your chat GPD prompt, Academy, copy, copy it, and I'm going to offer it as a paid event at one of the one of the church halls that is being made available, I'm gonna copy it, I'm gonna make it a paid event, I'm going to have 30 people sit there, charge them 200 bucks to start on, and then generate 6000 bucks over a week, and I'll let you know, I'll collect all three of you right there in Texas, boom, that's,

[1328:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's the thing cuz I provide so much high level value, you guys can take a lot of what I teach, and sort of reteach it to others. And if you want to, like create a course, based off of some of the different trainings that I've done, like obviously, I I'm one of the few coaches that invites you like if you learn something from my course, go make your own course that teaches it in your own way, like I, there's enough for everybody out there, it's not going to affect my business at all. But because I'm gonna keep going further because my goal is is is so much bigger than just selling courses. And so like that's what it is, is don't like take the actual videos and resell it to people. But like, please don't do that. Like, like, learn it yourself, apply it. And then you could teach some of the content other people, you could literally teach someone what we what I taught today, if you're if you're a life coach or somebody that's helping people, so yeah, the chat GPT Academy is going to be really, really fun. I'm going to be going over more on like sales letter copy this week, because I know a lot of people were asking that, but then I'm going to flip it over to I've been doing some really, really fun and I think Denise is gonna like next week that I'm going to teach. So I've been doing this thing where I go for walks in my neighborhood. And when I have an idea of not there's no royalty. When I have an idea of like an area that I'm struggling with, that's like a part in me. I'll literally just use the voice chat and the chat GBT. And then I will I'll ask it, I'll say, okay, act as if you're a internal family systems therapist, and script out a script to help me blend these parts of me. And then what's funny is it opens up new layers in my brain where I identify different things, but I found that it doesn't work. If I'm just sitting on a couch. I have to actually be moving my body. So I'm actually one Walking around my neighborhood for about 2030 minutes, just talking into my phone and having chat GPT sort of do that. And so yes, that's that's one of the commands act as if, and then it can do that, because it kind of reef sort of trains it to act a certain way. Sometimes I'll say act as if you're an expert sales copywriter. One of my favorite commands for sales copy this past week has been rewrite the above sales letter in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone. And it will usually recraft that sales letter in a way that reads really well. And then I'll bring that into Jasper from there. So that's just different commands and stuff that you can do. In chat GPT, you'll be able to kind of go through the prompt Academy, I'm showing you the ways that I use it. I used it this morning. I spent all yesterday while we were driving, thinking about what I was going to talk about today. Okay, and I'll teach this as well in the private academy. So I just wrote down some notes, I didn't write them down while driving, I would open up the notes, I would like voice memo and I would talk it. So I took that I had chat GPT say take these notes, consider all of them, consider how they fit together for online coaches and course creators and map out a one hour talk for me based off of this. So it mapped it out off of my notes. And then what I did was I took the last three weeks of q&a days. And I had to do the same thing. And then I had to merge all four of those talks together. And I literally have an outline that I used for what I just shared with you today. And I did that in about 15 minutes before I before I just spoke, which is super cool. So it took the questions that the group has been asking and took what was on my heart. And then I sort of I didn't really follow it perfectly. But I just sort of like while I was talking, I had it over here on my screen. And I just let Holy Spirit lead. And I was just sharing from my heart what I wanted to share. And that's how I That's how I've done the training for the last probably, I think three weeks here and that accelerator is that same method. I need to do a few trainings on podcasts. And you're right, I haven't done. So podcasting is an interesting one. I haven't done anything on podcasting, because my podcast doesn't really get a lot of traction. I don't get a lot of clients from it. So like, I don't feel like I'm qualified to teach you like how to make a podcast that grows a business. But where I am qualified as teaching you how to come up with and teach content, how to make content that impacts people. And I think that's where my lane is. You know, there's a lot of great people out there like Pat Flynn that teach how to make money from your podcast. I'm not that but I could teach I can teach you how to put a good talk together. How to put a good training together. Yeah. John Lee Dumas Pat Flynn. Exactly. Yep. So I've intermixed a few of that in when people but I haven't necessarily taught that specifically, that might be another course that we put together as well. Maybe a few different podcast episodes. So I'll be thinking about that. I do know. Actually, just thinking about it, my my brain is I'm like really tired too. So it's like my brain was like, gets catching up while I'm talking. I'm in the members area, Jacqueline, this course right here, I did cover quite a bit of that topic, the effective communication to improve your teaching and speaking. And so these four lessons really go into like how to craft a good teaching and, and how to how to teach better, and how to really, like, go deeper with your topic and how to how to do that. So I would say it's not it's not really necessarily on podcasting, or content creation or things like that. But it was it will probably be more of what you're looking for, at least until I put something like that together. That sounds like that might be the next course that I might make like in a month or two from now though, for the group. So something going on, like putting together great content and trainings.

[1429:16] Speaker 0: All right.

[1429:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: So Sherry says so much to learn and train so hard to stay on track. Don't get overwhelmed. Focus on that's why I say meditate on what's the vision for your life. Where are the areas of resistance that you have? And what do you need to learn specifically, you don't need to learn it all that's one of the biggest lies in coaching and online courses that you got to learn everything all at once you got to gather all this information and learn it all before we can take action is that's why I say start with the six steps to six figures and then learn stuff as you go listen to stuff in kind of your in your downtime. And you'll be surprised do that for three to six months and you'll be surprised How much you actually learn and retain. You'll also be surprised your brain will only retain what it actually needs at that moment in time, so you might listen to a training from me. And it'll be specifically on what you need at that moment in time. Even if it was about a different topic, and so again, focus on what do I need? What are the problems that I'm trying to solve this moment time? I don't need to learn everything before I get started. What impacts my what's, what impacts me from breaking past resistance in the next 30 days? That's what I look at, mostly, and that helps you really hone in, what do I need to learn that will help me break past resistance in the next 30 days, and that will help you focus your energy better. All right. Have a good one, everybody. I'll see y'all later this week. And then we got a q&a next week. See you soon

