August 5: Get More Mentorship Clients with Paid Advertising + A.I.
Date: 2023-08-05T17:39:40.000Z
Duration: 97 min
Otter ID: mFbUs76q6_54x-k9daeUJg5OtP0
---

[38:55] Speaker 0: Ha Ha

[149:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello everybody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome to today's training. How you doing? Hey, thanks for being here. Thanks for being here on Zoom. Just a few housekeeping things. I got to turn the music down and do some of this. Then we will get started. There we go. Awesome. So how you doing? Welcome here. Welcome. Thanks for making the time to be here. I really appreciate it. I'm really glad that you're here. I'm glad that we get to spend this time together this this Saturday morning, Saturday afternoon. Get more mentors have clients with paid advertising and AI and boy, this week has been a wild and crazy week, we just closed on a house. But it's awesome. It's incredible. Being able to build your own business, work from home with your family, and be able to purchase a house, even in this market, this economy, I'm so thankful, and so grateful and excited. It's awesome. So we've been spending time this week going back and forth, getting our move ready. I've also been getting ready for you guys, for what we're going to be talking about today, to help you get more mentorship clients with paid advertising, and artificial intelligence. And here's the first thing that I just want to share right out the gate. Don't let the idea might be a challenge to you, right. But the idea of paid advertising and artificial intelligence or AI, overwhelm you, it can be very easy to become overwhelmed, especially if we don't know how to make these things work. Maybe we've heard some things maybe we're not sure what they mean. But here's what my promise to you is today, as I'm going to simplify this for you, as simple as possible. Whether you're a beginner, whether you already have clients, whether you've been doing one on one coaching, whether you're just starting in group coaching, you want to scale your business, and you want to make 10 to $40,000 monthly. That's what I want to show you how to do is how we're using Facebook ads, Instagram ads, and artificial intelligence together. By the way, most people don't realize this, Facebook and Instagram ads. use artificial intelligence you ever heard of the algorithm. There's an algorithm that shows the ads to people, that algorithm is an artificial intelligence engine. And so it might seem like aI just popped on the scene overnight. Everybody's talking about AI. The social media platforms that we've been building on for years, had actually been driven and powered by AI for over a decade. And yet most people didn't even know that that was what was going on behind the scenes. And so, just a little bit about my background with you. Some of those of y'all I've met before. Thanks for being here. Again, welcome. those of y'all that I have not met, listen, this is going to be exciting, you're going to be able to see what it's like to work with me what it's like to coach with me why our clients are making massive amounts of money in their businesses, we just got a result from a client this past week, six figure result from a $500 ad spend in the real estate market, which is down, which has people not like she could be making the excuse of Well, nobody's buying real estate investing training. And yet using what we teach and what we're going to be teaching you here today, she's been able to make six figures with that. We also help people make seven figures. In the last year, my wife and I our business has made over a million dollars in the mentorship and coaching space. And we've helped clients like Rick Pino, do over a million dollars a month, that's an eight figure over $10 million a year using the exact strategies that we're going to be showing you here today. So this scales, whether you're a beginner, whether you're just getting started, whether you want to make 10,000 a month, 20,000 50,000 you want to go and become a millionaire, this content will help you Okay, and so a little bit about my background, I have been in the space and I put it on the page here. I've been in the online marketing space and in the mentorship space for two decades 2003 And I've actually managed to spend over $11 million in paid advertising since 2009. For the different clients. We've worked with some of the different mentors that we worked with some of you have heard of Sandy Krakowski, Danny Johnson, Georgia and Baton off Rick Pino, Joshua Giles, Wesley and Stacey Campbell. I got my start two decades ago, working for a lady her name is Danny Johnson, and they taught personal development coaching. They had CD and DVD products and books that we sold. And I helped them as a video editor. And I also put together a lot of their products and assisted with a lot of their marketing and they were making 10s of millions of dollars. It was it was it was incredible. It was awesome to see. That's where I got my start in this industry. So I've been in this industry since 2003, the industry of information that you use to mentor people, for where they're at to take them to where they want to be. Okay, and that's what I'm going to show you how to do today is how do we actually get those clients with paid advertising? Since 2009, we've almost exclusively used paid advertising to get all of our clients and I went on to work with some of you all know who my mother is Sandy Krakowski and my mom and I, we built this business to help people make more money and live the life of their dreams. To over $20 million a year together, her and I built this from the ground up. And to this day it continues to serve clients, she continues to mentor people in the stock market trading. And I continue as well to work with her with her offers and her Facebook ads. And so this is not just theory, this is what is working right now, this is what comes from our experience of the past two decades, all culminated together with the most cutting edge information that you can trust today. So we're using paid advertising to get all of our clients in our businesses. All of our coaching clients are also using paid advertising to get clients and their business. And here's what you got to understand about Facebook and Instagram ads specifically, that's the specific type of paid advertising that we run. Okay. So a lot of people, they have a lot of misconceptions about paid advertising such as it's too complicated to learn. It's too expensive. You need a big budget. It's too hard to get right. And, and I understand that, when you listen to some of the traditional teaching that's out there, it can be super confusing. It can leave you wishing that it was a little bit more detailed, and wondering, okay, how can I actually apply this to my business. And so that's why specifically today if you're here today, joining me here today, I'm going to walk you through, what's going to work for you, if you are you fit into a very specific category a person, okay? If you are a mentor, trainer, coach, thought leader, speaker, course creator or author. And you're wanting to build a an audience of people to purchase group mentorship, or group coaching, or a group course with you, where like hundreds of people or even 1000s of people join, it can either be a recurring membership, or it can be a term like, you know, you might sell six to eight weeks of a school for $500, something like that. Okay. And so if you're a mentor, trainer, coach, thought leader, course creator, and you want to know how do I get more paid clients in group mentoring programs, and you want to know how to use paid advertising to do so. And your goal is at least six figures, then you're in the right place. Okay? Now, I gotta say something because this always happens. If you don't fit into that category, welcome, I'm glad you're here. But you will probably not get what you're looking for out of this training here today. Because I'm going to be focusing specifically on the group of people that I just mentioned. And so if that's not, you just understand that if this doesn't seem to apply to you, it's because we've crafted and designed this training, specifically for that group of people that we just mentioned. Now, if that is you, this is going to be really fun for you. And you're going to learn some stuff that you have never seen before. At the end of this training, I'm going to be showing you how we use artificial intelligence to actually write all of our paid advertising campaigns. And that's not an exaggeration. Like, it's not like we use the AI and then we have to spend a lot of time tweaking it and adjusting it. We actually literally just use what the AI gives us, and we're gonna give you the prompts that are gonna get you this. And we run those as paid ads. And that's exactly what we ran to get you into this training. And those are the paid ads that have scaled my business over a million dollars that we used with Rick Pitino to scale his to over a million dollars a month. And that's what can work for you as well, in your business. Okay. And so here's how we need to think about paid advertising. Paid advertising is a traffic source.

[309:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And traffic sources fit into many different categories. But they're pretty much split into two main ones paid or organic. Okay, listen, if you're looking for an organic strategy today. Understand that what you registered for was a training about paid advertising. I know some of y'all are like, Why? Why are you beating a dead horse saying that because I'll tell you I've done I've done dozens of these trainings. And people say why are you teaching about paid advertising? I wanted to learn organic and I'm like it's in The name of the pro the, it's right there. Okay, so this is going to be a training, we're not going to be going over organic methods here. Today, we're going to be focusing specifically on paid advertising methods. What qualifies organic, this would be social media content. This would be email, which by the way, most of the time, what we do is we run our paid advertising to get people on our email list. And that ultimately converts really well to sales. But the way that we actually get people on our email list is with paid advertising, or it could be JV, you could partner with somebody SEO, blogging, any sort of content that you put out, there could be a podcast episode. These are organic ways of getting people to see your business to see your mentorship business that don't require you to pay or you could pay for some of them. We're not going to be talking about any of those today. Paid advertising is Facebook ads, Instagram ads, tick tock ads. By the way, basically, every social media platform has ads. So you got Twitter ads, YouTube ads, they all fit in that category. What we're really good at for mentors and coaches is Facebook and Instagram ads right here. Okay, now, there's a few other forms of paid advertising, there could be affiliate marketing right here, we're not going to be going over affiliate marketing, though, you could use these methods for affiliate marketing. Joint Venture can have commission based, and so that could fit into there, when I'm gonna be going over that we're going to be specifically talking about Facebook and Instagram ads, and how you get traffic to your coaching or mentorship business. So the first thing that we need to think about is this is what actually makes a Facebook ad actually work. How do they work behind the scenes? Well, let's go over to to the actual platform and take a look. Okay, so this is this is my Facebook feed right here. And as I scroll down, we can actually see different paid advertising that people are running different sponsored ads right here. Even some from different competitors of mine. Okay, and so in the news feed on social media on Facebook, or if we go over to Instagram. Let's go over to Instagram. And we scroll down, we'll see paid advertising, sponsored posts. Anytime you see a sponsored post, that's a paid ad that somebody is running that they're spending money on to get people to purchase from them. This is a paid ad right here sponsored right there. Okay. So how do you actually make sure that you're actually targeting your ad to the right people? Well, this is what the most important part about running paid advertising is. Most people are doing their targeting the wrong way, is they're focusing so much on trying to reach a lot of people. And I get that that that might come from a good place. Unfortunately, the way that the algorithm is designed is that if you're trying to reach a lot of people, um, you won't reach anybody. And it's very counterintuitive. It sounds very weird. But in all of our testing, what we found is that this is to be true, is that when we put offers out there, and we're testing different offers with our clients, trying them out, in our coaching program, we're reviewing people's sales, copy and landing pages and ads and helping them develop and put those together. And by the way, today's training, there's not going to be a sales pitch at the end of it. So if you're like, Jeremiah, like okay, what are you selling? When are you going to pitch us there's not going to be one today. This is a no pitch zone. 90 minute, no pitch training. There's not a sales pitch at the end of this. This is going to be strategic, what you can apply to get results in your business today, okay? In our mentorship program that we have, and you can't even enroll in it right now. That's why I'm Talking about enrollment is closed, you can join the waiting list though. But this is my group mentorship program, the client growth accelerator. And in the client growth accelerator, we work with you to help support you to help you put together your landing pages and your ads and your offers. So that they start to work. So they start to come together so that they start to get results. And we have training in there with you. And we have live coaching and live training calls. So you get to interact with me, and ask questions and work with me personally, in this program to do that. And so I would recommend if you're on here today, get on the waiting list for when we do open the doors to this, you won't regret it. Okay. What sets apart successful paid advertising campaigns, is when you're actually targeting the right group of people and most people get this wrong, is they're targeting people that are way too broad ranging with their offer, especially mentors, especially coaches, right, your message might be able to help a lot of people you might not even see like specifically like, Okay, I don't know how to niche down, I help such a wide range of people, okay, and so if that's you, today, I hear you, we get that we have a ton of people that that's what they say in our mentorship program. However, advertising that way is not going to make you money, it's gonna lose you a lot of money. And so what we have to do is we have to get specific as to who is most likely to get a result with us. And by the way, this is not the place to just run paid ads and scam people. Okay, we're not talking about doing none of that here. Who is the person that you can get the most results for today, with your mentorship with your coaching with your training with your message. And simultaneously, who is also most likely to be a buyer for you have that mentorship that you're offering. And so this is who you want to target. The problem is little something called Congress had an interview session with Mark Zuckerberg, the creator and founder of Facebook back in 2018. And prior to 2018, this is five years ago. It was like a goldmine when running paid advertising. And just about anybody could put an offer out there with paid ads, and get sales. That all started in 2018. And then COVID-19 happened. And two crazy things happen with COVID-19 a ton of competition popped up in the marketplace. In the mentorship space, everybody realized I can build a business from home, and I can quit my job and they became what was known as the Great resignation. And so all this competition for coaches and mentors and trainers popped up simultaneously, Apple Computer released an update to their iPhone, which by the way, I'm an iPhone user, that made it nearly impossible actually target our ads based on the information that we used to be able to use in the ads manager. And so this is the like the craziest part about all of this when it comes to paid advertising. And I finally figured out how to explain this to people because I've had people ask me this constantly. If you're here today, you know, my tears came down, you know that you need to target the people who are most likely to get a result with you, and that are most likely to become a buyer of yours. How do you identify that? Right?

[468:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: It depends on what stage of their journey that they're on. You know, back in 2018, we started working with a client of ours. His name was Rick Pino with the worship coach brand. And we built this business with Rick to over a million dollars a month, mentoring people in Christian music, how to write songs, how to create songs, and what we found was what got the most amount of people becoming a client was when we got really specific. With who could get the result the desired was result. And that was also most likely to be an investor or make an investment into the mentorship program that he was offering. Okay. And so the mistake that most mentors make is that they're trying to reach way too wide range of a person. So for instance, with Rick, this could be all Christians who like music, right? However, the people that were most likely to get a result with him and buyers, was a very small group of people right here called songwriters. And if we zoom in further into the Songwriters category let's just say that this is all the songwriters this is this is this is how we discovered this. This is all the songwriters that were out there. But only this group of those songwriters was actually willing to purchase and make a monetary investment into the coaching that rec was offering. These people had no desire to do so. goose egg, zero desire, no matter what we could say to these people, they wouldn't purchase anything. And what was the difference between these two people? Well, these were the people that were most likely to get a result with Rick, because they had a specific problem that he solved. What was that specific problem? Not only were they songwriters, but they were struggling. songwriters, and that that's a difference. But they were also published. And they also had written multiple songs, okay. So what we found was this group of people right here that wasn't buying what he was selling, many times, they had never written a song before. Many times, they had never done anything before. Many times they had never put themselves out there, they didn't know the struggle. So they weren't willing to make an investment because they thought, well, I it's not that hard, I can figure it out on my own. You guys are up against the exact same challenge when it comes to your mentorship offers is that there's a segment of people that you might be targeting to and marketing to, that literally have no desire to make a financial investment to work with you. And there's no amount of convincing them or persuading them to change their mind. And that's the crazy part. And so there's two choices that we can make, we can either grind and spend a bunch of money and time and struggle and, and lose a bunch of cash trying to convince these people to become a client. Or we pivot and we focus on this group of people that's most likely to actually purchase from us, that's most likely to actually buy what our mentorship offers are. Okay. So that's the first stage of this. And listen, I've had 101 arguments with people as to why they don't want to do this, I have such a wide range of people, my message is far reaching, I couldn't possibly focus on just one small group of people, I hear you, I understand. But I'm not going to spend a lot of time on that side of it right there. We can have a conversation maybe later on that if you're in the VIP upgrade, we can have a conversation on that topic. If you want to actually have a business that make six figures, if you want to actually have a business that pays you 10 to $40,000 a month, this is the formula for doing that. And this is what I find most mentors, most trainers, most coaches either don't want to do, because they're afraid of losing missing out on people that they feel called to help that they want to help they have a desire to help or they simply don't know how to target this group of people, and leave out this group of people. And so that's what we're going to be focusing on here today. I'm not gonna be talking about the, you know, all the reasons why you should be doing this. I don't need to convince you of that. You can work through that on your own. But what I want to show you is in your targeting, how do you laser in on the ones that are most likely to be a buyer. Okay, does that sound pretty good? That's what we're gonna be going over here today. What's going to help you create the maximum amount of impact? What's actually going to help you make the most amount of money is by segmenting down to a very specific group of people that is most likely to purchase from you. Okay. And the way that we do this targeting is not how it used to be. So back in the day prior to COVID-19, and iOS 14. And when Mark Zuckerberg was in Congress, it all had to do with what you set up in the Facebook Ads Manager, it all had to do with what was in the ads manager itself. You want to know something that's gonna be freeing for you and simple and going to make you really happy? Is very little of this anymore has to do with the technical aspects of actually setting up the ad itself anymore. Now that we have artificial intelligence, the AI goes out there and finds people for us. How does it do that? Well, it has to do with one of the most neglected parts of people's offers. See, a lot of people think that when it comes to paid advertising to get mentorship clients, it's all about lasering in in their ad manager as to who they want to reach and, and who they're targeting and setting up these perfect campaigns. That's a That's all a big fu e waste of time for you. It is what you want to focus on. Is your sales copy. What is sales copy? So sales copy is the words that are on the page that you send people to. They're also the words that are on the ad that you're running. But actually, the ad that you're running has very little to do with this part of it. The page that you're sending people to is the most important part. And so I just want to I just want to show you here real quick. This is the page that you visited here today, when you sign up for this training, okay. And it was very specific, who it was for, who it was not for, what the expected result. And then there's language here that speaks to what we're going to teach what the concepts are. And I'm going to tell you something that might be crazy. That might sound crazy to you. But it's it's the truth. The words that are on this page. And the words that are in my ad are actually what does the targeting for me. This, the sales copy itself, okay, I've said this before, people don't get it. They're like, Yeah, but how do I set up the ads manager to do this, right, that part's super easy. I'm gonna I can show you in like, five minutes how to do that. It's super easy, you can go find videos on YouTube on how to do that part of it. Okay. The part that most people miss, and that's why they lose money is their offer copy doesn't speak to the type of person that's most likely to get a result with them, and purchase from them. And it's too vague. And it's not specific enough about a desired outcome that the person has. Okay. And I'm going to show you at the end of this training, how we set all of this up how we do this, how we bring all this together to be able to target people what you want to do is this is that when you're targeting on Facebook, we utilize what are called look alike audiences. Okay. So a lookalike audience is just another term for an artificial intelligence audience. Okay.

[627:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: In the beginning, when you're just starting out with your offer, you might not have enough data to create a look alike audience, what do you need to create a look alike audience? Well, you could either have 1000 people who watch through 75% of a video that you're running, you could have 500 people who visited a landing page, you could have 300 leads on an email list. If you have more than that even better. You could have 100 purchases, people that actually purchased your program. And so what you get to do is you get to tell the algorithm in Facebook, to actually create a bucket of people that are similar to those that have taken an action with you. And then what you get to do is you get to show your ad to that bucket of people. Does this make sense to everybody? Is this confusing? I'm going to keep this very simple for you. And I'm gonna make this very simple for you, okay? Because maybe you don't understand Facebook ads, you may be overcomplicating it in your mind as to what you have to do. And based off of what you've seen people say about Facebook ads, and maybe videos that you've watched, and trainings, your brain might be trying to figure out, yeah, but how do I do this, and this and this, and this, and this. And this, this, what I want to encourage you is this is let's, let's quiet out the noise in our head right now. That's trying to figure out all the technical aspects of everything of how you're going to get all this working, and how you're going to get it all set up and how you're going to do all this type of stuff. And let's just focus in on what's the most important thing that we're going to be able to talk about here today, okay. What you want to be able to do is you want to reach the people that are most likely to be a buyer of your mentorship program. So whatever kind of mentorship program you have, you want to get those people on your email list. Okay, and so will utilize some kind of an a lead magnet that people sign up or opt in and convert to join your email list prior to COVID-19. And maybe this is what you thought you were going to get out of this training. And I'm going to be the bearer of truth here. Prior to COVID-19, we used to be able to send our ads straight to a mentorship offer straight to a coaching program, and people will become coaching clients. It doesn't work that way anymore. We've tested that out recently, it cost us almost $3,000 to get one person to invest 100 bucks. And so most of y'all don't have $3,000 to make one small sale of $100. That's a 30 times increase in the cost just to get somebody to spend $97 with you. Okay. So because of that, that's the old way of doing things. That's the way that people used to do it. Now the game has changed now you have to create some kind of an offer. With sales copy, that speaks to the exact issue that people are dealing with. Let me show you an example of this. My mom, she has an offer right here that we've ran, that has done really well for her. It's called the exit. Let me see the stocks bootcamp. Okay. So this is an offer right here. And people can opt in for the replay, to unlock the secrets of financial freedom in their business using stock market training, okay, so this is a landing page with sales copy that talks about the type of result and what's going to be taught to people in a training like this, and then they can sign up with their name and email address to that training. And so the words that are on this page right here are the most important part of actually getting the ads to work. The sales copy that's on this page, because that's then what determines what goes in your ad itself. Okay. And what we utilize is we start building as quickly as possible, look alike audiences of people that are most likely to become buyers and get results with that offer. And so who would those people be? Well, we would find that from people that visited her website, checked out different offers that she put out there, maybe watched a couple of videos that she has, and then we're able to get them on our email list by creating a look alike audience with the AI on Facebook, that targets those people when we put this out there as an offer, okay. Initially, when you don't have that though, you have to utilize what's called broad targeting. Okay. And so broad targeting can be something like magazines, software in flu answers, brands, companies, associations, okay. And what we're able to do is we're able to utilize artificial intelligence to even figure out what those things are. Okay, I'm going to show you how we can do that here in just a second. Or I'm going to walk you through how we're using chat GPT, to be able to come up with, what our targeting is, who we target, what goes in the ad, what goes on the landing page, and how it converts to sales for us. So initially, you want to use broad targeting. But you don't want to spend a lot of time doing this. This is where the game has changed in 2023. Okay. Hear me out, if you've ran Facebook ads before, this is the part that you might be a little bit fuzzy on that you're trying to figure out, okay. Couple years ago, you would invest a lot of energy into getting this right. Now, you don't have to, like, that should be a weight off you. You want to actually have a very broad set of people in the ad. And let me just show you this, I'm gonna go into the ads manager here. And I'm gonna, I'm going to show you what I mean by this. Let's say that you do house flipping for real estate. Let's go create an ad. That targets some people in the ads manager right here. And some of you are like, Hey, wait a sec, I don't know how to create an ads manager account. I don't know how to do that. Listen. Go to YouTube, type in Cree in ads manager account. And there's a ton of videos on here on how to create an account that you can watch, okay, we're not going to be taken, we only have a little bit of time left here. So I'm not going to take like 45 minutes walking you through that whole process of creating an account. Okay, you're, you're a big boy, you're a big girl, you can go look on YouTube and go find that after this training, okay. I shoot straight with you. Under detailed targeting, let's say that you're doing real estate coaching. So let's type in real estate flipping. Okay, so that didn't come up. Let's do real estate. Real estate development, real estate industry. Okay, that's pretty broad real estate. House, let's see house flipping. Let's try the TV show fixer upper. Here we go. Fixer Upper, and then fixer upper real estate. Sometimes you got to like, play around with a few of the different terms. And then you'll be able to find those now we can look under suggestions. What it's recommending, okay, HGTV DIY Network. Property Brothers Do It Yourself Flip or Flop, Home Improvement, Interior Design House Hunters. So we could throw all of these in here renovation, interior design. And now look at we're targeting about 100 million people right here. That's a lot of people, especially in just the United States. Okay, maybe we remove do it yourself in home improvement. And maybe interior design, and we just keep it to those interests right there. Okay, but 100 million people. So that's a very broad group of people. Now, let's focus on when you're talking about mentorship. Most of the time, you're going to want to target a group of people that's maybe 25 to 55 years old, because what we found is that, beyond that, you're not going to find a lot of buyers. Unless you're niching down to a group that is over 55. Then in that case, you want to do 55 And up only.

[788:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: And focus on that group of people specifically. So I would actually segment those out into even two separate categories. Test it out. Facebook will give you a lot of cheap leads over the age of 55. In our testing with some clients, they don't convert to sales, depending on the niche depending on the topic. So just understand that yours might be different. I know in our business, anybody over 55 We have a few clients that are over 55 It's very rare that somebody over 55 is going to become a client of ours overall. Just because I'm so young, or whatever it is, I don't know. Okay, so any here is where you can put the if you're just doing a United States model. Do United States if you're doing it worldwide, you could go in Different countries, Canada, Australia. Okay, and so let's just say that this was pretty easy to figure out a few different offers to target. But let's say that you're having trouble with it. Let's say that you're actually struggling to be able to find who to target in here. Well, that's where you can utilize artificial intelligence. And I was gonna save this for the end of the training, but I'm going to just show you right here right now. Okay? Make sure that you get a chat GPT account, if you do not have chat GPT Plus, you're going to want to upgrade to chat GPT. Plus, it's $20 a month. It's 20 bucks a month, it gives you access to GPT. Four, which is the best model and it also gives you the best version of chat CBT. So what we do is we'll go under settings. By the way, if you're using chat, GBT, this is how you want to use it. beta features, turn on custom instructions and code interpreter. Don't worry about what those mean, you're going to want to not use the default mode, you want to use code interpreter, why? It gives you double the amount of of power with chat GPT. And it doesn't give you any different results. So it's better to use code interpreter overall. I don't even know why they have a default mode. This should just be the default mode. It's really silly. And then custom instructions allows you to go in here and create personas. So let's say that you are I am a holistic health coach who helps women have more energy and lose weight. Okay. So this describes who you are. And then how would you like to GPT to respond? You are a Facebook marketing and Facebook ads expert who knows everything about targeting and detailed targeting, and Facebook ads as well as sales copy, writing, okay. And so what we'll do is we'll actually save this in here. What that does, is it it it takes chat GBT and it gives it a brain as to what to focus on and how to think specifically. So tell me about your skills. You know, if I asked about the skills I am an AI developed in context of Facebook marketing, Facebook ads, here are some of my skills that can assist with Facebook marketing strategy, Facebook ads, targeting detailed targeting, and how to explain targeting and how detailed targeting works. This includes demographic. So this is awesome. With chat GBT. Now when we give it a brain like this, we're able to actually use it to find the best type of targeting to use. I want to find more women who are struggling with energy, particularly business women. But I don't have enough data for a lookalike audience. Yet, what are some detailed targeting options I can try out in the ads manager. But Facebook's detailed targeting feature, try some of these demographics. Choose women 25 to 55 business industry entrepreneurship, physical exercise, yoga, wellness, job roles could be business roles CEOs, health food, Facebook page admins, life events new job perfect. So let's go into the ads manager here and let's type a few of those in let's say that you focus in on women specifically. We're going to go right here we're going to do wellness. I think that's a good one. Let's see health and wellness personal care. And then let's see what this so yeah, physical exercise. Fitness. Well being self care. Empowerment. Okay. Healthy Habits

[874:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: could you beauty? Yeah, there you go. And that could be who you could do broad targeting with initially with an offer that might be a health coaching offer. Okay. What you're then going to want to do though is you're going to want to graduate How to look alike audience intent based targeting, so when you create an ad and what we recommend the best ads to run our video ads, okay? So video ads, why video ads because they give you two two important features. One, they let you make a really good connection with people and we create the ads with our cell phone, vertical style, up and down, just recording like this. Me talking on the camera, and that's what we run is video ads. But the best part about it is that when you run a video ad, you can track how far somebody gets into your video ad. And create an audience out of those people. So if somebody gets 75%, into your video ad that you that you were targeting to this broad targeting right? Self Care, healthy habits, well being physical fitness, and you have a video ad that's running to that group of people. And now you get like, you know, 500 people that watch 75% on one of your video ads? Well, you're gonna want to do is you're gonna want to go create a look alike audience of those people initially. Okay, and so the way that we do that is we go under audiences. Create a custom audience, and you can select a video. Choose people who watch 75% of your video, choose videos, and then you can select it from any page that you add men through the ads manager, including advertisements that you're running. Okay, so like we're running an advertisement. Here's an advertisement right here. Let's take this, let's do 180 days, video views. And what I would do is I would load up like 1020 different videos of people that have watched 75% of your videos. By the way, if you create reels or you create organic content, you can also use that content to create that audience, you're able to then create an audience of those people. And then what you get to do is you can create a look alike audience of people similar to that video views ad that video views audience, okay. So what it's doing is it's matching people. It's matching this audience to different profiles on Facebook and Instagram. So it's finding, okay, who watched that much of those videos. And it's putting them into a bucket of people. And then you're able to go in and create a lookalike audience, I like to do 5% Just about 10 million people in your country of choice, based off of that audience that you create here a video views. So what does that do? Well, if somebody watches 75% of a video that you do, it's a video ad, maybe it's a minute long. And now you put them into a bucket. And now you're telling Facebook, go find me 10 million people similar to those 500 or even 200, you don't need a lot that fit into this 75% video views. It will then go create you a look alike audience right here of who is similar to actually watch through the video ad that you put out there. This is why going back to the sales copy the language that you actually put together in your video ad, the language that's actually on your landing page is the most important part of this process. Why is this? Because this determines the actions and intent that people take on the back end of running your ads. Okay. And so because of that, you want to focus real specifically on who is taking action with you what is an action? You might say, well, they're not done anything. They've watched 75% of your video. They've watched 75% of your ad. That's an action it when somebody sits on their phone and they watch scroll 75% of a video on an ad that's running that took Energy on their part, to sit and watch that video for 45 seconds. And so a person who watches 45 seconds of a video is more qualified than somebody who clicked off within three seconds. And so when we create a bucket of people that watched through our video ads, and then we create a look alike audience of those people, instantly, the look alike audience is superior to that broad and detailed targeting. Okay. So this is one of the biggest mistakes that people make is that they're so focused on dialing in this detailed targeting, when really their biggest goal is just to get people taking action with them, watching their video views so that they can immediately create a look alike audience because that look alike audience is always going to be 1,000% superior to this group of people. You know, Facebook actually took away the ability to target anything related to faith on their platform. But by doing this process, if you get 500 People of a specific faith, watching your video views, you can create a look alike audience and the algorithm knows that those people fit into a very specific faith. And that allows you to then target that faith, even though they don't specifically allow you to do that. And this is how we can laser in on the type of person that is most likely to get a result with us. And to purchase and become a buyer with us. Now this goes a level deeper. This would be called visitors. These are people who actually click your ad and go to your website. Okay, so you might get 500 build those video views, you might get 100 people that click your ad to your website. As soon as you get about about 300 to 1000 people visiting your website, you're going to want to now create a look alike audience based off of your website visitors. Because that group is going to be more qualified than our video views audience and we're going to no longer use this video views audience. The next level up is called leads. Okay, so these leads, this is somebody who opts into your lead magnet, this is somebody who signs up for your free training. This is somebody who gives you their name and email address, they join your email list. Follow me with this. If 1000 people visited your landing page, but five hundreds became leads that 500 is 50% more qualified than this group of people here. So now we create a look alike audience based off of our leads. And then we eventually create one off of our purchases. And this is where it just gets crazy. And this is where it gets dialed in. And this is exactly how we were able to generate millions and millions of dollars monthly with my mom's business with Rick pinos business. And this is exactly how we've been able to grow my business to over a million dollars as well. And how my clients are making six figures is they're dialing in their audiences, they're getting more specific with their lookalike audiences, based off of the actions that people are taking, while simultaneously and by the way, this part is super simple to do. There's not much that you actually quote unquote, do in the ads manager with this part at all. Period. The actual work part of it has to do with the sales copy. That's what that's, that's what most people miss. They're like, Okay, how do I, how do I do the tech stuff, and I'm like, dial in your sales copy, create a strong offer,

[1025:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: create something that makes a real connection with people. That that that actually touches people that actually speaks to the dream outcome that they have. That makes a bold, audacious promise as to what you can accomplish with them. See, that's the area that most coaches struggle with is their own self esteem, keeps them from being able to boldly promise to people and an advertisement because they quote unquote, don't want to disappoint people in the end. And that's why they lose money with their paid advertising. When you can get really specific and you start making bold promises, and your ad copy and we start dialing in the landing page, copy and dialing in are all offer to specifically speak to and qualify as well as disqualify, who's not a good fit. See, that's an important part of this process. You want to disqualify, who is not a good fit for you, in your sales copy, because then what ends up happening is, the algorithm starts to show the ad to more of the people that are a good fit, and it stops showing your ad and wasting your money to people that are ultimately not going to buy from you. And when you start, when you dial this in, you can practically predict who is a good fit with you because of the data that we now have access to. And with using artificial intelligence and the process that we teach you about how to write your sales copy about how to create ads. But how to put this together, I still haven't even showing you those prompts on how we write those ads. And how we use AI to do all this, we're not even editing what the AI gives us. We're literally just taking chat GPT and having it create our ads and run them. But the first part of doing that is you have to have an offer that is strong, that's compelling, that's enticing that's irresistible to the people that you want to reach. Okay, so I want you to think about that. We have to start to think about with my mentorship, what is the ultimate dream outcome that maybe the top 1% of people might ever achieve? Not everybody might get there. And then you want to create an offer with sales copy that speaks to that, that big, crazy outcome that you're promising to show people in your offer. Kinda like this. You want to qualify who it's for. You want to make a promise, get more mentorship clients with paid advertising and AI, which by the way, if you do what I'm telling you, you will get paid, you will get clients. This is the strategy that's working right now. And so when you can dial in and we start and we use chat GBT to actually write this copy for us to actually create this offer. There's a process of doing this that we've developed, that's very simple, very easy, I'm going to show you at the end of this training here. But before I do that, I want to tell you about something that I think is gonna really help you guys. Okay? Remember, I'm not selling you anything here on this call today. But I do want to invite you to something that's completely free. It's not going to cost you anything. In a couple of weeks, on August 14, through the 18th. I'm hosting a five day intensive that a lot of people told us they've gone through one of these five day intensives with us. And they told us that there is they're valued above what they even spent 10s of 1000s of dollars on with coaches and mentors, that joint hundreds of coaches, maybe not hundreds, but dozens of coaches, and they've gone through this five day intensive right here, this is not like, I'm not over embellishing this at all to you. This is literally what what multiple people have told us in the last couple of months, that they joined, this same five day live intensive with me. And they got more out of it for their mentorship business than a $10,000 coaching program that they were a part of. And so that's what I want to invite you to it's completely free. We're gonna spend a whole week together Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, at 2pm Eastern 1pm Central, East sessions an hour long. And it's going to be live in a Facebook group, where we're going to be going over how to create and launch your profitable mentorship offer. Remember I talked about you gotta have an irresistible offer that connects with people. And what's most important to me is this. What matters is creating results for your clients. When you can create an offer that speaks to what people want, and it creates maximum impact and financial profit. It's a win win for everybody. And so during this free intensive, we're going to be going over the art of crafting an irresistible offer. That's clients begging to jump in with you. The key to luring your dream clients to you remember I mentioned the sales copy is what actually determines who the algorithm on Facebook actually shows your offer to. We're going to be breaking down how to actually structure and craft this and build this to be able to get the best maximum cost when it comes to our paid advertising. proven process of launching your offer. Our unique process of delivering results to clients you don't have to work yourself to the bone work only five to 10 hours a week and exact Actually what to do to be able to make six and seven figures in your mentorship or mastermind business. And so I would encourage you to register for this free intensive that we're hosting August 14 through the 18th. To work with me to start to build that offer together as well, there is a VIP upgrade on this. I'm not gonna tell you a lot about it right now. But you have until Monday, July 31, it's only $23. And what do you get with that VIP upgrade. Let's just sign up and go check it out here real quick, okay. In that VIP upgrade, the training sessions themselves are only going to be online for 20 or not 24 hours for about four days. And so the week after the event, the week following the event, we're going to take the recordings off the internet, with the VIP, you get lifetime access to the training sessions, you also get five days of the bonus backstage pass q&a sessions with me where you get to work with me on the unique nuanced areas of your individual business that you need help with to get the strategies to get the help to get the coaching to get the unique, individualized, personalized attention, that's going to help you get the most results, right. We're hosting a VIP after this session here today, we have many people that have joined that are joining us for that VIP, I'm going to be able to go in there and answer your questions about this training, we're gonna be able to put together some of your ads together, be able to maybe review some of your offers some of your landing pages, during this five day intensive, you're gonna get five whole days of that with me, following each session at 3pm, Eastern 2pm. Central, we're going to have that backstage pass together. And you also get the recordings of the VIP sessions. Plus, there's four bonus trainings that are in here, I'm not going to I'm not going to talk about what those bonus trainings are, what I want to just encourage you to do is this, jump in, even if you don't know if you can attend, register, get your ticket and decide the week of August 14 through the 18th. To join us for this five days together, I think you're gonna get a lot of value out of it, to help you put together that strategic offer that's going to attract those clients to you. So let's go back to what we were talking about what the Facebook ads are targeting, we're able to dial in our look alike audience targeting but to do that, we have to have some kind of a lead magnet, some kind of a landing page, some kind of an offer that we're actually going to be sending people to that we're going to be sending that Facebook ad to. So when somebody finds you on a Facebook ad, there always needs to be a page that you're actually sending people to I'm going to click an ad right here. Actually, this is one of our clients right here. Oh, no, this isn't one of our clients is somebody else. Yep. creative real estate investing. So this is a landing page where somebody gets access to this training right here on this page. Oh, shoot. Oh, yeah, one of my clients she's teaching as part of this. That's cool. That's awesome. Okay, let's, let's see, let's find another ad right here. from no to yes, masterclass. Okay, so this is an ad on social media, right here that's running. And when you click it, it goes to a page where people get to register for a free virtual masterclass with Suzanne,

[1181:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: and this copy that's on this page, is what determines who the ad is actually going to show people this. So you have to actually have some kind of a landing page where you're sending people to, and that sales, copy the actual words that are on the page itself, right? See this page right here. There's words in this text on this ad right here at the top of the page. There's words right here, create and launch your profitable group mentorship offer. So the algorithm on Facebook actually scans the text on my page. They have a they have an AI robot that actually goes to my page, looks at it, checks it out, decides who's this a good fit for. And then that's what determines who the who actually gets targeted with the offer. That's why creating and developing that landing page offer that lead magnet putting that together, which is what we're going to be spending this five days doing, actually developing out an irresistible offer that's going to get people signing up with you. Day one, we're going to create your perfect mentorship offer. Then we're going to help you position it for maximum impact and profit We're gonna show you what are the exact words to say, to get people to say yes to buy your offer, not just leads not just free stuff, but to actually buy from you. And then take it a step further, how do we simplify it and automate things with technology so that you can actually step away from your business and start to work smarter and not harder? And then ultimately, how do you get people to pay for your mentoring to become a client? How do you start getting paid for all your hard work, that's what we're going to be going over during this five days together. You might be feeling swamped by all the advice about getting coaching clients, drift, drifting aimlessly unsure about the growth trajectory of your business drained by the income gap, of not making the kind of money you want to make, and you might even feel like quitting. After this five days, you're gonna have razor sharp clarity and a roadmap on how to put all the pieces together to start to create the kind of profits that you want to make in your business. That's my promise to you, you're gonna also have a lot of confidence, my goal with you is, by the end of this five days together, you're going to have such a boost in confidence that's going to radically transform your ability to create money in your business, you're gonna have fresh objectives, and a tangible strategic step by step action plan of what to do, to put your offer out there and start to get results. And you're going to have a time tested proven strategy that's going to amplify your impact and allow you to decide how much you make in your mentorship or coaching business. This is not a cleverly disguised sales pitch, either. This is five days of me actually unveiling and giving you the secrets of what works and what's going to work for you to start to get more clients in your mentorship, business. And so here's what we want to do we want to be able to learn, how do we communicate with that sales copy? Who are the best people to reach? Well, here's what I'm gonna invite you to do. Over my website over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. I have a free download right here. The free chat GPT prompt download. Okay, this is another download. It's a it's a it's a Google Doc that I put together that we've compiled of the best chat GPT prompts that have made our clients eight figures. And so go grab this from my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash chat GPT. And what it is, is it's completely free for you. It's a document that gives you all of these chat GPT prompts. And so the first round of prompts is all about the sales copy. Okay, so what we'll do is we'll go in here, we'll use chat GPT. And I'm going to create an you know, a new one right here, I'm gonna say customer instructions. You are an expert at writing, sales, copy to sell, coaching and mentorship programs in a variety of niches. There we go. Okay. And so, let's say you're struggling to identify which niche to Coach, what are 100 niches for online mentorship programs, you can literally ask chat, CPT this, here's 100 different niches that you could coach him that you can mentor, it gives you some great ideas. You know, um, I can't figure out what niche to mentor in, asked me some questions to identify my niche. By the way, this is a really cool prompt. Let's let's wait for it to be done generating the other one. Watch, it's going to ask questions that you could actually answer to identify your niche. What are some areas of expertise you have? What are your passions? What professional experience you have? What problems or challenges have you overcome? What particular group of people do you feel best serving? What trends and changes in the world do you feel most equipped to address? By the way you can take these exact prompts that I've just done and this is why you might want to grab the VIP upgrade to this event so that you can rewind back and watch what I've just done and how I've done this. Answer these questions and the AI will actually help you identify a niche that you could choose from. Let's pick one right here. Let's do landscape design mentoring. Okay. So we're gonna go in here we're gonna do customer instructions in the landscape design mentoring niche. Okay. So now we're going to do is we're going to say write a sales letter. We always start with this for a webinar for Landscape Design, mentoring to help people start a landscape design business, for instance. Aspiring landscape designer Do you dream of transforming and barren lots into vibrant gardens turning dull lawns into beautiful landscapes here are considered making your passionate profession. So chat GPT starts generating sales copy for us, that actually speaks to who is a good fit for our mentoring, and training. And then what we'll do is we'll go through and we'll utilize these different prompts, that's one identifies different pain points that people have. Put this one in here, lack of knowledge on how to start a landscape design business. And what we're doing is we're generating what's called training data in it. And so you can utilize these prompts to really come up with some great ideas for sales copy for offers. We have a headline generator, right here, a webinar title generator, this one's really cool. Let's let's grab this one webinar title generator.

[1299:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so instantly, even with just that little bit of information, chat, GPT is starting to generate marketing information that we could use to create our offer that will be irresistible to people to attract them to what our program is. Mastering landscape design profit from your passion, from dream to reality, transforming landscapes create green havens, a blueprint, I like this one right here, okay.

[1308:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so then what I like is that like this type of sales copy, we're taught to write a sales letter for a webinar based on this, discover the secret of turning your love for landscaping to a profitable business. Are you tired of clocking it? See now this copy actually speaks to the problem that people have? Are you tired of clocking into a job that feels like a dead end? Do you find yourself daydreaming of a life or passion for landscaping? Design is your paycheck, I totally get it. I remember being in this grind. So let's say that that's what you were offering. That's what you were selling. That's what your offer is. This is the beginning stages of how we actually put offers together like this. Okay, during the training event that we're going to be doing on August 14, through the 18th. We're going to dive way deeper. That's why it's going to take five days to do this. And how do we actually craft and structure that irresistible offer that really connects with people. And that's what drives down the cost of your advertising. That's what actually laser targets people. Because when you start speaking to a very specific type of person that is most likely to purchase from you, and get a result with you. You can feel very confident that when you launch that with a paid advertising campaign, that is going to come back and create sales for you and your business. And so that's what we're going to be showing you during this five days together is how do we create and launch one of those offers? How do we create a profitable group mentoring offer? And why do we say group mentoring, because group mentoring is way more profitable than one on one coaching? It is one on one coaching is just trading dollars for hours, it's a waste of time for most of you, I would highly recommend that you move away from the one on one model and get into the group mentorship model. And that's what I'm excited to work with you on during these five days together is how to actually put one of those offers together that truly connects with people that truly attracts the right clients to you. And that truly gets people to purchase. What it is that you're offering them. Okay. Here's how we turn this into Facebook ads. So there's a prompt in here. And I'm going to show you this this last little prompt before we go into our VIP there's two versions that will we do right here. Generate problem agitate solution copy and then right Facebook ads copy based on the above copy. So this is why again, with chat CPT, you want to make sure and maybe you're watching this you're saying Jeremiah, I'm not even used yet CPT, what are you doing? You're copying text into it. These are prompts that we're giving the AI and it's giving us responses back that we can use in our marketing. Back in the day, we used to have to come up with a lot of this on our own. Now we're able to utilize the AI to actually save us 1000s of hours of testing 1000s of dollars in testing to be able to utilize AI to actually put a lot of this together for us. So this is the prompt that we actually use for Facebook ads. Are you stuck in a job that doesn't feel your passion? If you feel creatively stifled Why don't you learn the ropes from someone who's been in your shoes, join our free training. And then this turns it into a Facebook ad right here. It's hard to the nine to five grind dream of turning your love for landscape design into a successful business. We have a solution join our free webinar, I would literally just copy this straight up into the ads manager right into your ad. Maybe you create a graphic using Canva for your ad, create some graphics with Canva. record a quick video ad with your cell phone. I threw my phone over there, somebody was blowing up my phone, I didn't need to answer. You create a graphic or you create a video ad that actually speaks to specifically who you're trying to reach? Oh, look, we have a prompt right here video ads script prompt. Write a video ad script in a conversational informal and persuasive tone. Based on the above. Let's grab this right here. That utilizes these four steps, an attention grabbing question that frames both the solution and problem they have in one sentence, who you are and your qualifications, a sentence that tells them what you offer and a call to action. So this would be a video script that I would use. And then I would just record this straight to my phone. Are you tired of feeling unfulfilled in your job and you want to turn your love for landscaping into a business I can help. I'm a professional landscape designer and I built a successful business years ago I was in your shoes. But with the right guidance, I was able to take my passion and turn it into a multimillion dollar business. So I want to tell you how to turn gardens into gold. While I share the secrets of starting your own landscaping business. Listen, don't worry, even if you're a beginner, this is going to help you click the link register now. And I'll see you there. And this is literally how we come up with our video ads. As we generate scripts with chat GPT to do that, oops, sorry, I didn't have the screen up here. Apologize. So that was this video ad right here. Write a video script in a conversational, informal and persuasive tone. For the above that follows these four steps attention grabbing question that frames both the solution and problem. And we're asking chat GPT to actually generate this for us? How does it know how to do this? How does it know what to say? Well, it's because we went through some of these prompts initially, where we had it develop out, okay, who are we reaching? What are their problems? What are their pain points? What are their frustrations? What are they struggling with? What are they dealing with. So this becomes what's called training data. For the AI, I don't really care what's here at all, it doesn't even have to really be accurate, it just has to be close enough. Because then what we do is we start to massage it, and we start to dial it in and we started to really start to make it align with who we're trying to reach. And then we use the chat GPT to generate our Facebook ads copy and our scripts. Now, during this five day event together, I'm gonna walk you through the process of how we can get this as lasered in as possible on the right people who are going to purchase from you takes more than just a 30 minute training to go through this to do that. I've just barely scratched the surface right now, in this training on that process for you. Okay, there's a whole lot more that we're going to be able to go over and dive into during this five day intensive together. Please, I implore you, if you are a mentor, a trainer, a coach, and you want to make 10,000 20,000 $30,000 a month and you don't need to be internet famous. You don't need to be tech savvy, this is all super simple stuff to do. You don't even need to be super successful. already. You don't need to have a bunch of case studies. That's the beautiful part. When you dial in your sales copy. You can do it without case studies. The reason why we actually built most of my mom's business initially without any case studies, why because the sales copy was dialed in. When you can dial in your copy it it allows you to do things that most people can't do or even think are impossible when it comes to paid advertising and getting clients. And so during these five days together, we're going to be unpacking for you that entire process that we use with our clients that gets them results to help you put together an offer that you can be proud of that you can be excited to share with people that's going to get people results and ultimately going to make you a ton of money. And that's what I want to do is I want to make you extremely wealthy As a mentor, as a coach, as a trainer, as a thought leader, I don't want you to be struggling to get by, I want you to be able to make as much cash as possible in your business. Jump in and register for this free training with us. upgrade to the VIP to get access to the backstage pass with me to get access to the, to the bonus trainings, let's just take a look at the bonus trainings that you can get with this. I know we're already seeing a bunch of people are already registering for this right now. Don't wait. The earlybird upgrade price for the VIP of $23. It goes up on Monday, July 31. Okay. Actually, that's wrong. It's already August 4. That's hilarious. I didn't even upgrade this page. Well, let me let me edit this page here real quick. Some of y'all are like, wow, that was really embarrassing. It's true. I, I forgot to change the date on that. It is not Monday, July 31. What is? What is the date coming up here? August 6, that's the actual date. Let's go in here and change that together. Listen, I don't get everything perfect. I don't get everything right when it comes to getting these landing pages, right. And yet, guess what our business has made millions of dollars. I'm telling you, if I can do it, you can too. It doesn't.

[1465:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Success doesn't require perfection. It requires consistency. It requires learning how to connect with the right people that you can help. Let's go in here. And actually we're going to change this together live on here July 31 of malaria. August 6. You know, that's used to like really embarrassed me when I would do that. Honestly, I'm like super absent minded when it comes to like dates and stuff like that sometimes. I'm not really worried about are you worried about it hurting your credibility, Jeremiah? No. For the five day intensive, I'm not to spend this time with you. But let's take it a step further. I'm not worried about that. Let's see August August 6. That's hilarious. That's so funny. I did this. I did this last month too, which is funny. There we go. Boom. Is it August 6, or seventh? It's the seventh. That's right. There we go. August 7. I am all over the place here. I do apologize, everybody. Listen, I'm excited though. For those of y'all that do register for this, on August 14 through the 18th. I promise, those are the actual dates. That is the time when we're going to be meeting up together. And I'm excited to spend that time with you. I'm excited to spend the time in the VIP with you those that upgrade to the VIP. Those that grab that upgrade those that get the bonuses, those that get the bonus trainings with us. Those that get the five days of coaching with me after each session, you're going to absolutely have your life changed by spending time with us during these five days together on August 14, through the 18th I can't wait to see you there. Not only you're gonna get the five days of the backstage pass, now you're gonna get the main sessions. You're also going to get the training sessions, these bonuses, the chat GBT prompts for sales letters bundle. Okay. So what this is, is this is taken from my high level mastermind, our client growth accelerator. And this is the chat GPT prompts for sales letters bundle, where I walk you through what are all the different prompts that you use to create killer sales letters. I'm going to walk you through our process that we only give to our high level clients as part of this bonus training, as well as the getting unstuck to take massive action training. How do you get unstuck so that you don't keep floundering so that you don't keep struggling? And then the fun and freedom new stress free approach to business training? How can you work just five to 10 hours a week and still make seven and even eight figures in a business. And then the VIP mindset training, learn about how to achieve true time freedom as a coach and mentor so that you don't burn out so that you don't struggle so that you can get the most results together. You have until Monday, August 7 Not July 31. That was last week for $23. To upgrade to grab that VIP to grab those VIP bonuses, and I cannot wait to see you. With us joining us. During these five days together, it's going to be amazing. It's going to be incredible. For those y'all that are in the VIP with us after this session, I'm excited. I'm gonna go answer your questions as well. We're gonna go jump into that right now. We sent you a zoom link, listen, if you want to join us for the VIP for this session, we're gonna drop the link into the into the chat here, you can go find that link in the chat, you can go find it in your email, and you'll be able to get access to the VIP for today's session. That gives you the recording to the session. And that also gives you the bonus trainings that we threw in for this training. That also gives you access to the VIP session that we're about to go into. If you sign up for the VIP for the five days, you get access to that one. No you don't. They're separate tickets. Okay? So just keep that in mind. If you want access to today's VIP the way that I would recommend it, click the link that's in the chat or, or go click the link in your email upgrade to that VIP. And then you'll get an email that has the Zoom link for you to join us to get your questions answered today after this session. Thanks for being here, everybody. I'm excited to work with you for those y'all that are going to join us for this five day intensive. I cannot wait to see you there. It's going to be amazing. We're gonna have an incredible time together. Don't wait. Register now. It's completely free and upgrade to the VIP. Before Monday, August 7. I can't wait to see you there. We'll talk soon. I'm gonna head on over to the VIP. Have a good one, everybody

