CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-05-22T18:15:58.000Z
Duration: 104 min
Otter ID: 8-8M42Y2ybUGcOa8Vl-WywTK-w8
---

[2:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: pull the curtain back on that. Let's do this. We'll let everybody in. Righty All righty.

[5:50] Speaker 1: Hello. Hello. Hello. Welcome.

[6:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome. We're gonna go live in the Facebook group

[8:03] Speaker 1: Hello, hello.

[8:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, let's copy the invitation into the Facebook group live on zoom here into the group pic kitty been gone all weekend so she's extra Nene. So she might be jumping on the camera a few times more than normal, but that's okay. We love our kitty. All right, microphones working. Audio is working.

[18:42] Speaker 1: Everybody can hear me good. Yep. Alright, so today.

[20:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Today is our live training. And I'm going to go into it, I actually spent about three, four hours yesterday on the road and another two hours this morning really mapping this out for you based on what I want to share with this group. And so this is timely. I know we got a lot of new members. This is our first live training here with new members. So welcome to the to the new people that are here. Thanks everybody who has jumped in, we had an incredible jumpstart training last week. And so again, just to just to recap, I put this at the beginning each time that we do something like this, you can go to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com to log in and access any of the recorded content. And we just added a quick little Quick Access tab you go to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com live meeting schedule now is right here. It basically links to the Facebook group for now. But it'll link you right here. So if you ever wondering what's the live meetings that are coming up, we now have a little tab in our members area that links to that I figured that was a quick way to create a centralized location where you can always find when our live meetings are and we'll be keeping that updated. We just started a brand new courses we called strategic funnels made simple. And so if you're wondering just about funnel strategy, I kind of break this down into a few different parts when it comes to funnels. We have trainings on the technical aspects of where do you drag and drop things for Squarespace for your funnels, this is going to be this is platform independent. So it has nothing to do with what platform you're on. It is all about the overall strategy of the funnel itself, that works best for coaches, and I provide you all the different angles and stuff to help you make the best decisions. As far as that goes. What's the difference between an offer and a funnel, the offer is more of what you're offering and how you communicate it. The funnel is how do you actually walk people through that process and the steps involved. And that's more you know, the funnel is always gonna be the same for pretty much everybody who's here. But some variation of the same type of funnel strategy your offers are all going to be very different very unique depending on what your business model is, and and how you communicate with clients. And so that's in there in the members area as well, we have three lessons of recurring membership profits in the members area right here as well. And if you missed our jumpstart training, you can go into the members area and find under the I believe it is it's the start here, module client growth accelerator start here. The word start is kind of your your indicator. And you'll find that the most recent jumpstart training that we just did right here. And so there's also a library of jumpstart trainings, if you're just saying okay, where do I start start start from, this will always kind of help you if you loop back to watching a jumpstart training that will remind you of of all of that. Okay, so I'm going to go into my training here today just not to repeat anything that we've shared so far. This is this is going to be brand new content that and the way that we do a lot of live trainings is they're brand new content that's not found in the courses. Okay, so the courses go specifically about a topic that is I do a deep dive into like funnels or how do you do run a membership? Or how do you run Facebook ads and it's a course that will give you the information that you need to be able to be successful. What these live trainings are, is they're sort of group I see it as like, if we were running a university this is kind of like our group session to all of the classes that we have. And this is what everybody kind of comes back around to where I provide you with a little bit of some mindset training, some strategy, what I'm noticing that the group needs as a whole. And so again, if this is your first time here on one of these live trainings, you'll, you'll get the gist of it. As we do this, at the end of the training, I tried to go for about 45 minutes to an hour, I'll do a hard stop at an hour on the training. And then we'll take some q&a at that. And then we'll do about 30 minutes of q&a at the end of this next Monday. It's all q&a. And so that's where I answer all your questions that you have. And so if you don't have a question now, we'll go over it next week, we can answer that next week. We also have an upcoming copywriting and rewrite training next Thursday. And so if you have sales copy or offers that you'd like us to review, there's two ways to do that. You can always go post it in the Facebook group. And I'll give you kind of like a bird's eye view quick look at it. If you want us to go over it on Zoom together, you can you can jump on to the copywriting training that's going to be on June, June 8 right here as well. And this weekend, we have our upcoming offer Launchpad event. Okay, so offer Launchpad. So let's say June as I was a little bit, I thought we were already on May 29. We're only on May 22. So we have this live training q&a this week. Offer Launchpad is going to be this weekend, Friday and Saturday, all day 11am to 5pm. And then we have a live q&a Next week live training q&a June 5, and then we have our copywriting that rewrite. So this schedule will keep you on track, I've already worked with our admin team to make sure that we keep this updated for you, and having the right information. Now I'm going to go into the training portion of what we're talking about here today, since most of the people are on here. Um, here's just just the reality is today, I'm not going to I might be in a little bit of rare form for some of you today to where I may not have the perfect level of empathy, and all the things that I'm going to be saying. So understand that I have a lot that I want to share and teach today. And today is going to be a lot of hard truths, some some things that maybe you don't want to hear, but they're going to make you a lot of money if you start to apply them in your business, okay. And if I didn't share these with you, I'd be doing you a disservice. Here's just just an overall aspect of growing a coaching business is the dream of making six figures, seven figures, having recurring six and seven figure income is 100% of reality for every single person that's in here. Being able to change and transform your life, your family's life, through online marketing, creating an offer that connects with people and then delivering the message that you have inside of you to to have fulfillment and what you're doing. So love what you get to do every single day, you don't have to go to a job that you hate. And so the opportunity is absolutely incredible. But it requires

[132:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: pretty much unlearning a lot of the things that life has taught us up to this moment in time in our lives, in order to be successful. And this was something that I had to realize, when I first started in this business, in my own business and 2018 through 2020, as I had been working in the industry for a while, but I was still in a very corporate setting. I've been in the industry for 20 years. But I was working for other coaches who had learned a lot of these shifts and challenges and things. I was operating as a corporate employee. So I had to unlearn a lot of what made me very successful as an employee, and literally stop doing some of the things that I even prided myself in. That made me such an incredible person to work for other people in order to even have a chance to make money in my business. Okay. And so realize that that is part of the process. I don't want to be a Debbie Downer here. There's so much opportunity. Even today, I see people post all the time while the coaching industry is oversaturated there's there's too much competition there's there's no way anybody can make money anymore in this business. Well if you if you believe that, put that in your pipe and smoke it and you're going to experience that because that that belief your actions are going to follow that belief. So one of the first things are is that what you believe about the industry about your market will be the reality that you experience and you might notice there's other people that are experiencing other things that you're not experiencing, because they have a different belief about the same market. Okay, so realize how do you succeed in a market with high competition, evolving market trends, changing consumer behavior, and stay ahead of the curve to be able to bring in clients into your business. Every there's an ever changing wheel of how people operate and move. And I drew this out a couple of weeks ago, I see it as sort of like a bucket of marbles or gears that are moving, they're always rotating. Okay. So you might have, if you think of like a clock that has gears and teeth that are moving, and they're they're interlocked and connected, like this, this one might be rotating this way, this one might be rotating this way. And there might be some others that are connected right here that are rotating around this way. That's the ever changing, ever evolving marketplace, the marketplace today, is evolving faster than we've ever seen, because of artificial intelligence. Because of chat GPT, every single coach that's out there that is succeeding is using chat GPT, to be able to accelerate how quickly they can get clients faster than ever before. And this is why I boldly make the statement, not as a prophet of doom. But as somebody that just I've been in the industry long enough that if you're not using AI to help assist in your marketing, and your sales copy, and how you're reaching clients, you will be basically eaten up by all of the competition here moving forward. And if you don't learn to be disciplined to actually get offers out to people, you you won't be able to make enough money because here's what's gonna happen, your competition is already going to be 234 steps ahead of you. By the time you even get something out, I have a I have a former coaching client that I worked with, she's actually still here in the accelerator. Sadly, I haven't seen her on any of the calls in about five months. She has ABS and flows, I love her. She's amazing. She's got a lot that goes on in her life. But she's still trying to make the same offer work that she was trying to make five years ago. And at some point, she's gonna have to pivot and adjust in a direction to what actually attracts paid clients. And this is the trap that I see a lot of coaches, trainers, mentors, teachers and speakers go into the trap is they have a really great message, okay. And we don't want to confuse message with messaging. Those are two very different things. Messaging is fluid, your message will probably stay very similar the same throughout time, throughout the years throughout working in the industry. And this is this doesn't have to be as fluid, it may change. Like over the course of three to five years, your message will change. But your messaging is going to change almost every six months. Because this the messaging is what's front facing to the marketplace that's out there, the people that are on social media. And so if you've ever said, Hey, I had a lot of success before with an offer, and now it's not working. The reason why is because the messaging has to pivot to actually match the evolving market trends and changing consumer behavior. This is why every company on the planet, in fact, has to continue to do this. I was just watching the shareholder meeting with Elon Musk and Tesla. And he said that they've never advertised before for Tesla. But now the marketplace has changed to where there's a lot of people that have misinformation about his vehicles, one of the biggest things most people don't know is a Tesla is actually one of the least expensive vehicles on the market today. A self driving electric vehicle is one of the least expensive vehicles that you can buy and compare it to all American car. craters and competitors. Most average cars are gonna be 35 to $50,000. And you can buy a Tesla for around 30 to $40,000. That's self driving that has all these. So the ever evolving, changing market trends require even companies that are close to a trillion dollar market cap to have to change their messaging over time. And yet, I meet coaches and mentors that seem to think that that doesn't apply to them. And I find that fascinating because here's what you're dealing with, you might say, Well, I'm not a multi trillion dollar company, so my messaging can't change that fast. That's where your competition though comes in. Because there's already so many other coaches, trainers, mentors and speakers that are out there serving with that could have a similar message, your message it'd be so unique, but the way that it looks to the marketplace may be similar that you have to adjust your messaging to actually match how the Marketplace is evolving. And the number one aspect to this.

[244:28] Speaker 1: I did a very bold,

[246:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: possibly slightly offensive podcast that we just put up this morning that was just launched this morning about this and said, You have time to just go through that it's like a 20 minute kind of deep dive, how to write bold sales, copy that converts, okay, I'm gonna give you the Reader's Digest version of this, this is about a 2020 minute podcast, if you have time to go through it, I would check it out this week's podcast episode. What makes a successful coach stand out from one that is not successful is there it's actually not just ability, its willingness to express and promise a result and very specific outcome that their potential client might experience. And I found a trend. Even in this group, when we do our copywriting calls when I talk with people is most coaches. There might be okay, let's say that there's let's put this little star right here, if you can see my if you can see it on the whiteboard, there's a little star right here. And this is the very specific outcome, most coaches stay three steps back from that outcome, because they don't want to push the envelope or they don't want to over promise and under deliver or they're afraid of making too bold of a claim of what they can accomplish. Or they're afraid that I can't make this outcome happen for everybody. And so they play it safe. And don't express in their copy what the possibility of the outcome is. And so what you want to look at is, when I say outcome, and result, I'm not talking about outcome and result that you can create for 100% of people, okay? I'm talking about the outcome of results that you can create for point 1% of your clients, the point 1% That actually take action and do everything that you're going to be helping them with. And that point 1% might be just one person that you've ever worked with, it might be just yourself and your track record. And so this is actually one of the biggest mistakes that I see that a lot of coaches make in their messaging is there like, well, I've only helped one person reach that level of success. So I don't really want to promise that as the outcome that I can help people with, because I'm not sure if I could do it again. But ultimately, what that is, is that still fear, worry, insecurity, doubt, trying to you know, not push the envelope so much not offend people, not have people judge you in a certain way. And I went to chat GPT and I had it kind of argue as to why people would not want to do this, some people think it's a lack of integrity. To do that. Some people think that it's dishonest, to say, okay, I can help lead you to this outcome. When I show up with a with a client and I there's two ways that I could sell my myself and my services is either I can help you get started to use chat GPT you know, 100% of everybody that I work with at least get started with chat GBG because you imagine if the offer that I ran for my business that was that was the maximum level of outcome that I would talk about, well, I'm just going to show you how to use chat GPT because I can't really take everybody beyond that. So I can just show you how to use shot GPT I know at least all you can accomplish that. And I'm gonna play it safe and I'm gonna sit here knowing full well that we have created multiple eight figure coaching businesses with the strategies that we've created multiple six figure clients with these strategies, but I'm just gonna play it safe and just say, Well, I'm just gonna I you know, I just help people with chat GPT that's what I do. And yet, that's what a lot of coaches trainers and mentors do, is they they timidly and fearfully avoid even talking about what they're capable of even talking about what they can help people do, even talking about the value that they can bring to the table. And so then they and so what ends up happening is, if I lead my offer with, I'm just going to show you how to use chat GBT, you will know how much money we were making our business, we make $0, we wouldn't make a dime. We wouldn't make any money. But because we lead with our offer of, we're going to show you how to make six and seven figures with a coaching a group coaching program, and how to get clients with paid advertising, because we lead with that. And we have a track record of doing that and have successful clients that have done that, not 100% of every single client. You know, the point 1% of our clients make eight figures, but not not everybody. Honestly, the reason why most people, most of the clients that work with me don't make eight figures, because most people are happy making multiple, six figures. And they say, You know what, I don't really want to work much harder than this. I love making six figures and I'm going to sustain this. There's nothing wrong with that, by the way, actually, that's amazing. Where could you go to work only five to 10 hours a week to make multiple six figures from your home without having to go to a job. I think that's incredible for people. And so don't feel like if you if that's all you want to make that that's a small goal. That's why I lead with six figures as the goal for people, even though I can help people get to, to seven and eight figures because I also look at what is the stair step that I can get people to? And who is the right client that I can attract the most to help lead them along that path. Now, is it guaranteed that every single person is going to make six figures? No, it's not? Is it guaranteed that you're going to have results, the first offer that you put out there, it's actually a fantasy to even think that that's even possible. I've never seen any time at the first offer that somebody puts out, it produces these massive results. Well actually, that's not true. Because we have a lot of clients in our in our accelerator that do follow that system. And the first time they put an offer out there, they've made six figures. But many times the second offer they put out there might suffer, it might not do as well. And so it goes and follows this same cycle. Okay. And so how do you leverage your your offer to attract the right clients? How do you create the right ads that identify the right people? And then how do you turn that into sales. This is the process of client attraction, persuasion and sales. And these are the these are the skill sets that take you don't learn them overnight. They take time to do and they take experimentation, they take putting an offer out there and experimenting. And there is an unfortunate truth is desperation doesn't have a cheat code to this. If you're if you're hearing me today, and you're like you know what I need to make success right away. I don't have a budget to be able to test a lot of things out. There's not an A there's not an extra door that opens that now lets you bypass testing, trying out new offers, and being able to see what's going to work. And so that's just the reality of it, because of the ever evolving market trends is that you're going to have to continuously test what messaging actually connects with people. Now when you find messaging that does connect, and it really connects. You can ride that and make six and seven and even eight figures. But it takes testing and seeing what the market is actually going to respond to. I don't know any copywriter unless they only focus on one Nisha coaching for instance, if I if I was a copywriter that all I did was I only helped songwriting coaches, or I only helped stock market coaches. Right. Rick Pitino made eight figures a songwriting, my mom's got eight figures with stock market. If if all I focus was just stockmarket, coaches, and songwriting coaches. Even then, because of ever evolving and changing market trends, we would have to adjust and tweak and test out language and the very first offer I had somebody approached me after working with Rick Pitino and say Hey, can you build our worship coach program? That would be possibly a competitor a copy of what you did for Rick and I said sure, but it's going to still require probably six months of testing To see what the marketplace actually responds to and they said, well, but don't you have the answers to what people respond to? You've worked in that Israel? I don't know if I said I have I have as much as possible that if I lied to you and blew smoke up your butt that I have all the answers, I wouldn't trust me. And I don't think that you should trust me as well.

[405:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: The biggest part of the process is going to be experimentation, putting an offer out there testing, seeing what people respond to, and listen, I may look at a piece of sales copy, and say, Okay, that's a pretty good offer. Let's test that out. And it bombs, it completely fails, it doesn't create a result. And so that's why part of the process is testing to see the ultimate indicator of how well your your offer and your copy and your ads are is how is the market responding? How are people responding. And now, with the way that the Facebook algorithm is designed, your sales copy is the greatest, most important aspect of your targeting. Okay. Previously, five years ago, six years ago, it wasn't. It was actually a very small part of it. And we were able to target a lot closer to who people were the moment we come out. Now out the gate, we have very broad targeting that we're trying to reach people. And so our sales copy is what actually allows us to laser focus in. Here's an example of that. When we were running campaigns with Rick about six months ago, we had to or actually was about a year ago. Um, we tested out two different headlines. Christian songwriters was the headline was was the word in the headline, the another headline said Worship songwriters. Now worship is a sub genre of Christian music. The campaign completely bombed and lost a bunch of money when we were targeting to help Christian songwriters get their music heard. Because the people that it was attracting with that included country music artists, rap artists, pop stars. And the people that we were attracting, they were not resonating with Rick's message. They didn't trust him. They didn't buy into what he was teaching, and it bombed and sold very little. Next month, we adjusted it just towards worship songwriters, because that was Rick's experience that was his track record was in the worship sub genre, multiple six, seven, and even eight figures in sales, just by niching down just a little bit more specifically into that. Now, here's the another part of that with your messaging, you may have to do things that make you feel uncomfortable. This is why I said your message and your messaging are not the same thing.

[447:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your messaging is the actual offer that you put out there. It's what you're running with a Facebook ad, you're creating a Facebook ad, that goes to a landing page. And this is where your offer messaging goes. This is fluid. This is ever changing. Okay, your underlying offer can be the same. This is what you're actually going to sell to people. So oftentimes, what I tell people to do is pick something that you know, you can sell for 300 To 500 to $1,000. At as your your paid offer down here, you don't have to tweak this very much the paid offer. This is fluid, this is what we ended up testing out. A mistake that you can make is by testing a lot of different things down here. When in fact testing what hook in your messaging is, is going to be much better. And so what you might have to do is you might have to use language and words that don't come natural to you. That might even make you feel uncomfortable. We had to do this for Rick. Two years ago, two and a half set. My timelines with him are a little off. Two and a half years ago him and I had a meeting together we were at Kirby Lane over in Round Rock off of I 35. I remember it clearly. And I told him you want to know what's going to make you eight figures lead with how to become a famous Grammy Award winning songwriter. And he looked at me across the table and said I will never do that. I will never do that because that is that goes against my message that goes against how I communicate with people that goes against what I even want to bring to the table to the marketplace. This idea of becoming a famous worship songwriter made his skin crawl made him he just had no desire. And a year went by. And we had about, we had some struggle to make sales, we had a bunch of sales, seven figures in sales, and then a big dip in sales. Because we ended up exhausting some of the offers that we were using and a lot shifted after COVID. So we ended up pulling our audience seeing what they all wanted to learn. And you want to know what they all said, we had 200 people that told us, I want to learn how to become a famous worship songwriter that wins Grammy Awards, and how to write songs that win awards. And so because of that, we finally pivoted the messaging in that direction that even when against what Rick's core message was, and it brought in eight figures in sales. Now his message didn't change. Because what ended up happening was, and there's a couple of people who are in his program, he teaches this idea that listen, making fame, your ultimate goal is not going to even get you there. In fact, making like if fame is your goal, that you got the wrong focus, but his hook for his offer still leads with the idea of what people want, what is their desire.

[503:37] Speaker 1: And I liken this to

[504:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: the for lack of a better word is your offer needs to be enticing. It needs to be irresistible. It needs to be something that people can't help themselves. But take action on to learn what is it that's behind the curtain here? What is it that's behind the curtain. And so when we shifted all of Rick's messaging to how to become a famous worship song writer and win a Grammy Award, everybody wanted to know what's behind that curtain. And that created eight figures in sales results for his business, his message of what he sold didn't change. He was actually selling the same information. But he repackaged the front end of it. He repackaged, how he presented it with the words the sales copy, and the Facebook ads towards people that said, Hey, listen, are you a you a worship songwriter who's struggling to get traction with your music, you've been struggling to have people listened to it, you know that you got amazing songs, but just there's just nothing's happening for you. We want to show you how to go from here and help hold your hand all the way to the award show. And that language right there converted like crazy, that language literally went against everything that was inside of Rick that he wanted to share with people, but it attracted the right person and attracted the person that would buy into the program that he was teaching. Okay, so your language, it needs to be enticing. You need to have an enticing hook. That is outcome and results driven. Okay, let's again, Rick's example right here. As author of I'm going to show you how to write great songs your which we tested an offer up, you're just one song away. They bumped it flops did terrible, didn't produce the results we wanted. But as soon as we went to we're going to show you how to get your music heard and help you go all the way to the finish line, boom, crazy amount of sales started coming in. Because people could see a vision of this is going to take me from where I'm at struggling and not just get me to step one, but it's going to get me to step 10 as well as gonna help walk me along that process. So what you want to look at is in your sales copy, what is that outcome and result, that big, grandiose idea that you can help some people get to, not everybody. You may and this is a paradigm shift. Your information will work for everybody that you attract. The information that we have in this coaching program will work for everybody who's in here. But at the end of the day, I'm not holding a gun to your head to make sure that you're doing the work. So the reason why it's not going to work for everybody is because not everybody who joins the accelerator is going to actually do the right work. You may even fight everything that I just shared. You may completely disagree with everything that I just shared. And guess what? What I teach is not going to work for you now because this framework is what produces results. This is the linchpin that all results in your Facebook ads in your targeting in your sales copy in your offer hinge around is being able to clearly express the outcome that people want and being willing to test out different offers test out, we've tested out, growing your coaching business with Zoom events, starting a coaching business from scratch, launching a paid offer to grow your coaching business. Growing your coaching business with paid advertising, growing your email list, the fun way, those are five different offers all different types of messaging that we've used that lead people to the client growth accelerator, not all of them worked as well as another, not all of them converted as well as another. Interestingly enough, the one that I thought would convert really well grow your coaching business with lives and events did the worst. Who knew? I thought it would do well, I thought it was incredible sales copy, and it bombed. And it didn't produce the results that we want it. So we gotta go back to the drawing board, we got to look at okay, how is the marketplace responding? What do people want? What is those desires that they have? And then how can we find more of those people? How can I find more people that are like you that are listening to me right now? At least the ones of you that are actually connecting with what I'm sharing? How can I find more of you out there and Facebook ads land? And then how can I get more people into our accelerator that have the same pain points, struggles and issues that they're working through? How can I help people that have the same setbacks, they've maybe they've launched an offer and they're dealing with disappointment, maybe they're struggling to sell, maybe they're struggling to get clients, maybe they're struggling to feel confident, maybe they're dealing with perfectionism when it comes to developing their offer, and it's holding them back? If I can find more people that are dealing with those issues, that are coaches, trainers and mentors, and I can show them the very simple strategy, right sales copy that leads with the outcome that you want, and listen, it's going to stretch you, it's going to challenge you, you will feel uncomfortable, I felt very uncomfortable, the first time that I actually put out there and an offer that I had made multiple eight figures for multiple clients of mine, because I was like, Well, I haven't made it for myself. And I haven't made it for hundreds of people. But you know what? It was a big shift ended up happening in our marketing, when I was bold enough to talk about that with people. And I was bold enough to even be honest about the fact that hey, listen, my business isn't making eight figures. But I have built multiple eight figure coaching businesses for clients that we've worked with, and being able to not try to have a facade or a mask or appear a certain way to people, but to where I was showing up with a level of integrity, to where I am willing to talk about what I've done. I'm willing to talk about what I can help people do. And then I have confidence and the self belief that I can help people get there. And ultimately, that's what ends up happening. your belief, your self belief has to match the outcome you're promising. Okay? So if you don't believe like If Rick didn't believe that he could actually take people to the award show, which by the way, he has mentored multiple people, the wind Grammy Awards, many of them have. I know the elevation worship guys, Maverick city, Cory Asbury, his own Adam carpenter won a Dove Award. So in that he had a track record of it, not with a ton of people, but he could help people get there. And so with that promise connected to the offer, we were able to go out there and boldly talk about what we can help people do and that's often one of the biggest things is this fear and this worry of, well, how are people going to judge me? How are people going to perceive me? How are they going to connect with us as and we end up having these beliefs that spin around in our head that talk us out of doing the very thing that's going to make us a lot of money. Now, I wrote down here some important truths that you need to understand when it comes to marketing your business. The success of your offer is determined by the marketplace. Your offer may look promising, but it's real world performance is the only measure of success. How people actually respond out there is the only measure of six says, In this environment, we might look at an offer and say, Wow, that looks really good, but then it might not produce the results that you want. So that's why we continue to test. The other thing is, is this, there is no guarantee of success in marketing. There's no guarantee that any marketing strategy is going to work the first time out, let alone the second time, or the third time, it's always a process of testing, learning and iterating. Now, here's the unfortunate fact about this is that there's a lot of unethical marketers out there that are willing to lie to you that there is such thing as a guarantee in marketing.

[650:02] Speaker 1: I'm not one of them.

[650:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's no such thing as a guarantee that any strategy will work, even five to 10 times 15 times down the road, there's just not. So when you can learn to accept that unfortunate truth, you now actually have the belief that's going to make you more money. When you can learn to accept that there are no guarantees of success in this business, you actually now hold a belief that will allow you to make the kind of money that you want to make. Okay. So we have to be willing to target customers that are willing to invest. And what we're what we're offering, one of the problems that I also see that coaches do is they see a need that's in the market. But that needy group of people may not have income to spend to solve the problem, or they might not have a desire to solve the problem. I was just talking to a lady on my social media yesterday. She said, You know, I would love to actually help people before they get to the stage of struggling so much. And, and I, I immediately felt the pain in my heart, because that thought process is, yeah, but most of those people, because they haven't experienced the pain of struggle, are actually not willing to actually make a change in their life. Because they haven't experienced how hard it is. They have their belief system experientially, won't even allow them to listen to or at or find a coach to solve that problem. And so as coaches as mentors, as trainers, speakers and authors, the people that are actually going to spend money with you are oftentimes the ones that say, You know what, I'm tired of wasting time doing what's not working. And I'm ready to make a change. Now, at the same time change still requires certain levels of going up the mountain, trying new things. past success doesn't always guarantee future success. What worked years ago doesn't always work right now. That's why you have to continuously test different offers. That's why you have to continue to test and see okay, what does the marketplace respond to? What are they willing to take action on? What are they willing to actually spend money with. And the last thing that I'm going to share with you is this is that when you start to develop what I call a combination of relentless self compassion, and resilience, you'll have the internal framework to be able to handle making six, seven and eight figures in this business. What are the two of those? Number one, relentless self compassion is okay, I launched an offer, it didn't work. I'm now not going to beat myself up, I'm not going to get caught up in my head trying to figure out why it didn't work. I'm going to still love myself, encourage myself that I did my best. And that it's amazing that it's incredible. And then number two, is I'm going to rise up, I'm not going to sit here. Maybe I'll lick my wounds for a day or two. But then I'm going to get back on the horse. And I'm going to keep moving forward. By the way, it doesn't always have to be a day or two. You could take a month off. You could take two weeks off, but you want to become resilient to her after a setback happens. As you get back on the horse. You keep moving forward and that behavior of consistently showing up. You want to know what keeps people from making the kind of money they want to make as they try something once it didn't work once and now they're going to go look for something different. And see if that thing tried once is going to work for them. This is one of the greatest things that stops your clients and my clients from succeeding as they try something once. Could you imagine I tried one week of working out and I have lost 100 pounds. I tried One week of affirmations and yet I'm still depressed. And yet, that is the mindset that most people have. I tried it once didn't work, throwing in the towel, I'm done. None of this works, I quit. And so when we can actually learn that the process has ups and downs, and that we can learn to navigate those ups and downs, with positivity that we that we actually look at failure in our campaigns as a good thing. These are, these are some mindset shifts that are going to change your life. And these are some things that that that helped me so much. When you look at a failing campaign, or a failing conversation, if I go out there, this actually helped me when I was dating, to meet my wife, if I went on a date with a girl with a woman. And it didn't go how I wanted, I saw it as a learning opportunity to get better next time to Learn, okay, how do women actually communicate, they don't really teach you that in school, right? As a single guy, I was tired of being single, I'm like, I want to I want to find a wife. I didn't know subconsciously that was such a driving factor for me. But it was. And and so I started to embrace failure as a learning opportunity in the dating space. And I didn't realize that that experience I carried right over into business. As I never look at failure or a failed campaign. As the end, I see it as actually the stepping stone to my next success, that every setback is a stepping stone to get to the next level that I'm supposed to get to every time that I hit a brick wall. It's a stepping stone when I launched that campaign, growing your group coaching business with Zoom events, and it performed 50% as well as every other campaign I ever ran. It was still profitable, but it wasn't the level that I expect in my business that we we've had consistently. Did it hurt? Yeah, I did. I was I was angry for like a week. I was I literally dealt with beating myself up for like a week. Like, you know, how could you be so stupid that you put a campaign up like that, and blah, blah, blah. And then I had to realize, you know what, this ain't helping you Jeremiah, you need to go back to the self compassion. Get back on the horse, try again, be resilient. And the last campaign that we ran, did did amazing, did incredible. The last couple of campaigns actually lowered our ad budget in half. And we got twice the result. Awesome. But it was because of the willingness to look at that setback as a learning experience that took me there. And the other one is, is that resilience and being willing to bounce back is much greater and much better than perfection, waiting until this idea that, okay, I have this one campaign that's going to be perfect for me, and that's going to solve all my problems. That's not a reality. It's a journey. And we have to value the journey over the outcome itself. You might say, Yeah, but I got bills to pay, I don't have enough money to test anything. I get that. And I have a lot of empathy for that. And I don't ever want to, to, to make you feel like that that's not valid. But that is part of your journey that you're in, that will become your message in the future of how you overcame that. And how you came through that journey. I promise you that. When we can learn to see things as How can I grow? Rather than how can I make things go my way? I talk about this a lot in our free training. I don't talk about it as much over here. But ultimately we have to learn to let go of, of control. We have to learn to let go of trying to control everything when it comes to your campaign. What is within your control.

[789:27] Speaker 1: Writing your sales copy, creating your Facebook ads, doing your sales pitch. What is outside of your control

[792:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: how people respond to your sales copy, how they respond to your sales pitch, how they respond to your Facebook ad. Once you put it out there. What is within your control, analyzing how are those two lined up to each other? And what can you learn from them and then adjusting, tweaking and then testing again. Okay, we're going to tweak our sales copy it didn't do so well this time. Let's adjust So let's test our copy. Let's test our ad. Let's test our presentation. Okay, it did it did okay didn't do as well as I wanted, but we're getting better. Let's analyze those results. What did we learn? What feedback do we get from people listening to the feedback from the actual people who register for your virtual events and your webinars and your offers, and that are in your coaching programs. That's how you know what the outcome to sell is. Because they will tell you what their outcome is, the people that you're marketing to, will ultimately tell you exactly what result and outcome they want. And then you just sell that back to them. That's what we did with Rick. He had over 250 people that said, I want to learn how to write Grammy Award winning songs. Great. Let's just give them what they wanted. Even though that isn't exactly what we what we want to give them. That's what the market wants. And it sold like, crazy. The first offer made a core a quarter of a million dollars in 30 days is insanity. It's the best offer he'd ever launched. And we were like, Okay, this is cool. It was it was it was a six week songwriting school, it was a six week school for $97, he sold 2500 copies of it, I think we spent $90,000 in ADS. So the profit margin was about 160,000. In 30 days, though, like, awesome, incredible. And so then at that point, then that led to what built in the value ladder for him around the songwriting thing, and so realize, not all your offers are going to hit. But once they do start to hit, and you start diving into, okay, that one's hitting and really well. We're going to keep doing that and see if it keeps hitting. That's where you start to make the kind of money that you want to make. And what's awesome is by you being here inside of this program, inside of this group is we're able to look at, okay, this campaign didn't work this one did, what can we learn from this? What can we adjust? How can we tweak it? How can we change it to start to help you get results, but the biggest thing, I'm just gonna repeat this, again, testing is inevitable. Regardless of your budget, there's no way around or to be able to bypass testing. There might be some marketers out there that claim that you can, you know, do it once no testing get results.

[840:01] Speaker 1: Unfortunately, that's misleading.

[840:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because they know that that actually sells people in the door that don't have the patience. And this is why a lot of people get really burnt with marketing agencies, because they'll have a marketing agency promise, oh, yeah, we have all that will get you clients instantly, or you don't pay blah, blah, blah. But ultimately, it's just they're just testing because they don't have the answers either. And so when you learn how to test the right way, a you don't need to hire a marketing agency. I think that hiring a marketing agency for for coaching businesses is a very big waste of time. Because they don't know even 1/10 of what you know about your business. They just don't. Even as somebody who ran marketing for other people, I don't know 1/10 of what my mom does about her stock stocks market group. I have meetings with her for an hour once a once or twice a month, where she's sharing with me what she's learned about her group, while teaching them. And then I put that into our sales copy. But it takes time it takes iterating it takes testing. And so there's no way around the experimentation process. So you have to realize experimentation is what's going to make you the kind of money that you want to make. It does take time, it's not immediate, will some of you land on an immediate amazing windfall sometimes sure you might, the more experience you have, there's actually two things that happen. Your experience may either blind you from knowing what the right communicative offer is, I've seen that happen, or your experience will help you know exactly what results people are looking for. My client.dr, Sean D, his first offer made six figures first time out, because he knew exactly what people were wanting. And he was able to inject that into the copy. And we had worked together to design that with one on one coaching together. And so what you want to do though, is you have to look at what is the outcome and desired result that people have. You might say my business, my industry, my audience doesn't have a specific outcome or desired result. That you know, there. It's a wide range. There's so many different people, I don't know a specific one. That's where learning to grow and your ability to recognize patterns is important to be able to identify okay, they might not be all the same outcome. But is there part of the process that is similar, and is there some kind of a commonality as to where people sort of ride off into the sunset and they feel satisfied with you. That's, that's the best way that I can describe it, I found that a lot of people, when I usually get them to about seven figures, that's why I don't even really market around the eight figure thing. Because when I get them to around multiple, seven figures, they can pretty much do it all on their own without my help, from that point on, they really can't. Once you get to making seven figures, it actually becomes a way easier to get to eight figures, it's way easier to make eight figures than it is to make your first six figures making the first 100,000. That's probably the hardest part. It really is. Because of the testing involved, once you start hitting, and it starts making that kind of money, it becomes a whole heck of a lot easier to actually come compound. It's easier to go from six figures to seven figures than to go from zero to six figures that absolutely is. And so I just want to I just want you guys to realize that no matter where you're at right now, you're at a great place in your journey. It might seem hard, it might seem difficult, and everybody's at a different stage in their journey. But it is possible for you to have the kind of success that you want. It really is, is it always going to come out how you want it to, not always, not always. But as part of the journey as part of the process. I really do believe in this business, if you follow the steps that we teach, and you're here in this program, that we can help you achieve the success that you want. So I'm going to take some questions now some q&a. And I'm excited to just hear from some of you as to I'm really a based on what what I talked about today, where you're at with your business, again, continue to be posting in the Facebook group lesson I told you today was going to be uncomfortable. So if you're feeling a little bit uncomfortable right now, I did warn you at the beginning. All right, Dorothy.

[913:58] Speaker 1: Hi, hey, I'm working on my paid off. And so I'm wondering about it's going to be a pre sale of when the release status. So if

[918:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: you went like to level 10 Already, can you help explain what what you're talking about here?

[919:53] Speaker 1: Okay. Okay. So I'm working on my yoga program. Okay, which I'm planning on selling for 997. Okay. And I would like to know what your view is on how much content to put in a program for 997? Yeah. Um,

[926:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: the real answer is, that's up to you. At the same time, if you put too much in there, you won't have content to create maybe another offer or a next step. So sometimes it is nice to hold back a little bit, I find that it's good to not try to put the whole kitchen sink in to everything until you have like a membership. That's why for instance, I have multiple courses. If I had just one course, with all the content from all my courses, that would be way too overwhelming. But that's why we have the main program, and then we have the different tracks that people can take. So you want to look at, okay, what's a specific track that you're gonna be helping people with? What's maybe a specific focus, and it might just be as simple as yoga one with Dorothy, yoga two, yoga three, and you might walk them through that process, I've definitely found that in the fitness space as well. Beachbody did a great job with how they named their offers and stuff like that, as they would essentially get people, they chunked it down to what can somebody accomplish in eight to 12 weeks. And they only gave eight to 12 weeks of content. And that's what they sold. And so then they could sell another eight to 12 week program six to 12 months later. And that those people who love the content from the first one would then buy the next one.

[947:48] Speaker 1: That's really helpful. Yeah. And then just a quick second question is, how much time would you give with a pre sale? If I'm giving a day, say if I'm doing something I'm planning on doing one in two weeks time, mid June? And then if I've got the pre sale there, what how much time would you give before the release date?

[953:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, if you're gonna do a pre sale, it depends on are you doing the pre sale like on a live event that you're doing?

[955:18] Speaker 1: Um, I'm thinking yeah, of actually having the sales page ready with a sort of stack, you know, a sort of Office stack in there and a really, really clear what I'm offering so like, 12 week course, yeah. For 9970

[960:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: is going to be presented with this presale who is going to actually have this pre sale be sold to them?

[961:52] Speaker 1: Yeah. So at the moment, I'm working with the sales page that I've got at the moment, which is very much geared to introducing this style of yoga. And for people who maybe possibly have fibromyalgia, you know, that they suffer from different joints issues, you know, so I'm working with people who are maybe pre menopausal.

[967:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, gotcha. Where, where are they going to be with you to be able to hear about the sales pitch? Are they on your email list? Is it?

[970:02] Speaker 1: Yeah, so? And then the virtual event? So I'm gonna do it five days?

[971:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, then yeah, if you're gonna do that, I would I would maybe pre sell for like, like, oh, like a week, week and a half at that point? Yeah.

[973:45] Speaker 1: Yeah. So So you say? Because I'll have to have all the content, it'll be like, say it's a say it's a three month period is 12 week course. So would I, how long? You know, would it be six weeks in terms of how long before I'd have to have the product ready? Because you I mean, all the

[978:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: videos you could do is you can sell it, and you can give them since it's a six week course. You could give them one week at a time.

[980:44] Speaker 1: Ah, right. Okay, that's the way

[981:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we recommend doing it is where you can actually give them one week at a time. And then you can base even some feedback. Maybe if you have a time where they can ask you questions, you can base that and how that inspire your upcoming lessons. That way now, that actually creates a higher quality training, when you see the idea of dripping content, it's, it's twofold, it actually creates a higher quality product. But it also gives you a little bit more time, it's less stressful for you to have to come up with it all at once. Yeah, and it's kind of a also serves really well, for your marketing in general, to have to where they don't get all the content upfront, you know, I used to, I used to think that it was a terrible practice to do this. Five, six years ago, if you'd asked me, I would have had that opinion, which is funny, because my mom always sold stuff where she drifted out that way. Now we being where I am a little bit more wiser, knowing a little bit more now about it, it's the best way to do things is to actually kind of drip your actual training content to people what you're selling, because it allows you to sort of process what you're selling, and the pressure becomes removed, to have to come up with it all at once.

[1001:59] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. And also, then you can be responding because the way I teach my classes is I'm always responding to what's going on in the group. And I was asked at the beginning of the session, you know, is there anything particular people have gotten at the moment, you know, stiff shoulder, they working with a hip issue, you know, and then we work with it during the session. And also, then I could have like a weekly live zoom session with a q&a, and then build in some of the things that have come up, you know, because obviously, people will be working with a really deep process of releasing, you know, deep held, you know, chronic fatigue and this sort of thing. Yeah, so that would be really great. Because then when I finished the course, then you've got the actual real people who have experience and then the transformative process that goes, yes.

[1016:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's why when I tell people like the whole mini hybrid six to eight week package coaching thing, the reason why it works so well is because you don't have to have all six, eight weeks built already. You can teach it over time. So the idea is okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna maybe either teach it live, or I'll pre recorded that week, or I'll pre recorded the week before, that type of a thing. There's kind of two different ways to do it. Again with Rick Pitino. He pre recorded 98% of everything he put out just because that fit his lifestyle better. Yeah. My mom did most of it live when she did her. Yeah. I kind of do a hybrid of the two. So

[1026:53] Speaker 1: I find it's really great, great responding to students and finding out what's going on for them. Yeah, definitely.

[1029:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to I want to answer a Deborah Scott, your question here. What you said once you have it in place, can you lock down each course down for the next group and drip it again? So that's there's a two fold answer to that is if you're just teaching the exact same course Yes. However, we have found, especially at least in the beginning stages, that trying to resell the exact same six week course, with the exact same name to the same audience doesn't always work. If it's to a new audience. Sure, you can do that and we have done that. But you may want to What What helps. So we ran into this with Rick, I'm trying to explain this a couple of ways. Deborah, we ran into this where he did three prophetic worship classes in a row. And what ended up happening was each time the sales went down, and they've gotten by the third one, they were so low that there was no profit, it was just eating up all of his adspend. So what we had to do is we had to pivot and actually change the name of what the course was. And then that made more sales go up. So even though a lot of the same content was there, you know, you've learned from Rick long enough, he, he has pretty much the same core message across everything he teaches, but the way he packaged it changed over time. And so that was kind of the was kind of the big piece of that. Now, here's one thing, if you lock it down, quote, In court, quote, and you you are delivering the same recording to people, but you named it something different, some people may feel misled. Because of that, they may feel like okay, I already paid for this over here, why would I do that? What I have found is again, I know it's more work, but reteaching, the same content over and over again, does provide value to people. And and once once it's generating you multiple six figures, that's just kind of part of what your job becomes, is either you teach it or you find somebody else to as far as the main class that people are having. And that's why you might not teach the same class every month. You might do it every quarter or once a year at that point. Kind of like our college woods. So alright, Sarita. Yeah.

[1066:14] Speaker 2: Thank you. Thank you for today. It was perfect for me where I am. So my question is I'm creating a whole new offer a whole new everything. And I'm going to further niche down from trauma to narcissistic abuse.

[1070:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep. And so as lots of people seem to go in that direction, either go narcissistic abuse or like trauma, like physical trauma. It's usually like they split when we talk about trauma, it's usually those those two directions.

[1075:23] Speaker 2: That makes sense, because I'm not having the same thing you already talked about with right? That's what I'm experiencing where it's not converting as much. Yeah. And so specific. Exactly. So when you talk about the outcome, I have always struggled with this because it's so intangible. They tell me they want self love. They tell you now, they tell me that.

[1081:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's super tangible, though, in the sense of what did the narcissist take away from them? Hmm.

[1083:09] Speaker 2: I use chat DBT and Chad Beebe set T said that their dream outcome is empowerment?

[1084:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. Then what are they empowered to do? What dream did they have that they laid down to submit to somebody else's abuse?

[1087:47] Speaker 2: Okay, this is what I'm going to process because I have a bunch of ideas and a lot of interaction, but it's, yeah, of course, it's all about the self, the individual self, like I lost myself those things. So I work on that. You say, Okay,

[1091:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, what I'm looking at too, is take a look at as well, who else is out there that kind of teaches in this realm? It's got it. Um, you know, interestingly, I Dr. Henry Cloud, he has the boundaries guy. Yes. He has kind of even pivoted very heavily towards this kind of narcissistic abuse type of and having boundaries with. So that's even one of them is when you talk about narcissistic abuse was tangible, is you now have boundaries. And that's one way to express it is isn't a one size fits all, what you what I will encourage you to do is take a look at who else in the marketplace is helping and encouraging people around this type of abuse. And what you'll also find is that you might get more specific that their abuse came from a very specific role that the abuser had in their life. Because there's a difference between a narcissistic mother absolutely had a narcissistic husband. Absolutely. Those are two very different ways that you help people

[1110:56] Speaker 2: got it. I think, you know what I mean? Thank you so much I work on

[1112:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then we and that way, I studied this very heavily myself, because I was attracting every guy in my life that was a friend was a narcissist. And I couldn't figure out why this was, it was like, and then I was like, Okay, wait a sec, I'm learning about narcissism. Do I? Am I a narcissist because I have these tendencies. And I learned that like, sometimes if you spent your whole life around narcissists, you end up picking Hang up on tendencies, because you learn behavior, right doesn't make you one. But I had learned that and I found a lot of just myself hate and all of that every friend that I had in my life was constantly gaslighting. So all of my friends that I had were literally verbally abusing me all the time. And I had to change the type of friends that I was attracting into my life. And so I went on a journey to learn how to do that. And that was very, that was hard for me to realize. I didn't realize like what I had experienced. But I had studied and I had learned, okay, there's a lot of people that deal with this. And you know, there's different sub niches of this. And so, figure out I think just your women that you work with their stories will point you in the direction of what that outcome is. appreciated. Thank you so much. Yeah.

[1137:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Another another side thing, just to that niche. Are you still here Sarita? I, yeah. And, and Adele, because I know she's working on a similar one. There is a especially when you're working with that niche? Have you ever noticed that a lot of the methods of effective marketing mirror that of a narcissistic abuser?

[1144:36] Speaker 2: You know, that's interesting. You say that, because that was one of my biggest challenges, because I realized I am marketing to the ego, like, I have to switch off everything I learned in order to constantly focus on these pain points. And what can be perceived as criticism, though.

[1148:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So but one of the biggest things that a narcissist will do is mirror back to the person what their hopes and dreams are? Absolutely, absolutely. So realize that you as a coach, you're not abusing your clients by doing that. Yeah. You know, like, that was a belief that I had to and I learned, I'm like, Okay, I had this whole, like, I don't want to, like be this way. But then it's like, okay, marketing, we have to do this. And I found, especially if somebody has experienced abuse, they may avoid doing certain things in sales and marketing that are affected because there's these like, stigmas that are placed on okay, that behavior is this incorrect sales and marketing, you do have to actually mirror to the prospect, what their desire is, what their want is, and it has to be enticing. And your goal though, is in your marketing as you're helping somebody solve a problem and make their life better. And so, just that might be just something to internally resolve for yourself, but you might find subconsciously that you might be avoiding doing certain things in your marketing, because those things have been stigmatized in the abuse.

[1168:15] Speaker 1: Teaching Africa point, thank you.

[1169:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And that was a big breakthrough for me is realizing okay, you know, correctly and ethically marketing to my clients. is not bad. It's not abusive either. So that was something I had to resolve mentally and myself. It stopped me for a while Adele, what's up?

[1174:43] Speaker 1: Hey, yeah,

[1175:05] Speaker 3: hi, Serena. I just wanted to speak into that niche because I'm trying to create an offer to that niche as well. And in my research, what I find is there's so many people in support groups but they they're really happy to stay victims. So think it's called Oracle. It really pushed that I'm on a I'm like, you know, My offer is only for action takers. I only I'm only looking for people that are willing to do the work if you're willing to do the work I can give you the blueprint but there's so many people that just want to say a victim and we want to get we want we want our copy to say

[1183:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: they want you to now become codependent for them codependent. Yeah. They want you to become their abuser.

[1186:44] Speaker 3: Yeah, so we want to weed those people out. So we need to have that happen

[1187:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot. When I first started coaching, I was like, I had people literally tell me they're like, I can't succeed unless you verbally abused me the way that my husband did. And I was like, I can't help you.

[1190:56] Speaker 3: So I think we should focus on the freedom aspect. I think breaking the freedom's great, and then raising them up into like a really strong I think we want to bring in like archetypes of strong empowered women that even I dream that my offer would be so compelling that even people that haven't had narcissistic abuse want to do it anyway because they want to be that archetype. I'm going to try and just set I'm going to try and sell an archetype of

[1199:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: so but a big part of so What makes marketing effective Adele is when you can anchor it to some kind of a struggle or an experience that they had that's very specific, that ties to their life experience. So, in that, that's why we we anchor outcome to struggle. And now you're painting a line from where their struggle is, where they've been, what they've been through to where they want to get to. And then that line is what your offer that's the fluidity part of this offer, that then you get people to listen to your sales pitch. And this applies to any any niche as well. You might be hearing this your niche is like so far and above beyond what like what we're talking about here, this still applies no matter what your niche is, is what is that problem that they have struggle, pain issue? And then where is that outcome that they want to get to? All right. Awesome. Elizabeth wells, what's up?

[1218:36] Speaker 1: Hi,

[1218:48] Speaker 4: I love some suggestions here. i As you know, my I wouldn't consider what I've done a success with my recent ad, I'm going to switch tracks. But I have to do the event because I have like four people signed up. Only two came from ADS two came from another list. So I'm going to do the event on Thursday. Great, and, you know, a friend of mine, and I emailed her a tail asked me What did you say again? Because she's incredible with marketing. She said instead of saying something like this, I'm not gonna say, Yeah, my ad fail the only few small group of people, you know, she was making how to welcome a small group of people

[1230:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the most amazing group of people to Yeah,

[1230:40] Speaker 4: she was, she was making them sound like this.

[1232:14] Speaker 1: Oops, you cut out

[1234:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: look, your microphone stopped working, Elizabeth. Sorry.

[1235:36] Speaker 4: It's really special. You guys are gonna get some that gets that.

[1236:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Looks like your internet connection stole my internet connection

[1237:40] Speaker 4: seems to get kicked out earlier. So something that sort of makes me excited and damaged? That, you know, it's a very male one purchase up? I don't know. So I'm gonna have to do it no matter what.

[1241:45] Speaker 0: Yeah, there's a small intimate setting, we ran into that once with a thing with Rick, he only had 10 people register for something that he wanted, like 200. And so what he did was he invited all of them to fly to his office. And it was kind of like, he was like, All right, it was gonna be 10 people, we're gonna make this real intimate. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna invite you to sit here together in one room together, you know, and about half the people came and the other half zoomed in, which is kind of cool. So

[1249:47] Speaker 4: yeah, I've never done with something says, Well, really? I may have chat, you know, it's going to be completely audit. I may open it for discussion at some point. At the end,

[1252:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I definitely would and listen to the one the people who do show up with you. Yeah, Deborah says she went to one, it was so much fun. Yeah, I think you were you were one of the like, 10 people as part of that. And so the, because you want to listen to what what are they now? How are they going to respond to what you're saying? And aware? How do they, in their own words, express their struggle and what their deepest desires are? And start to ask those questions like, What do you want out of your life? What do you want out of this, if this could take you to the next level, and you start having them tell you that back to you. And now that becomes your next offer?

[1263:23] Speaker 4: And I may do that even upfront, say, you know, I've often I'll say, you know, becomes a workshop instead of me presenting material like, you know, what are you here to tell me about your life? And you want to get out of this? Right?

[1266:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: You did mention to me that you had like an older email list. You have an email or something like that, right? Yeah, actually.

[1268:24] Speaker 4: I know what I want to get but one person that joined and then I'm a childhood friend who I haven't seen in decades, who's like 12, a guy called me and said, Could I join? You said, Is that all right with me? I said, Yeah,

[1271:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's awesome. Yeah. So I would listen to like, what are they sharing? What are they talking about? And it's

[1274:18] Speaker 4: just very comfortable for me to do things that way. I'm very interactive, but and so that'll be good. All right. I'll just say it's a real special group, because and because there's just a few people, I'll open things up, but I'd love to hear from you and make them feel very special, then, yeah.

[1278:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that would be good. And then what you could offer them as maybe to work with one or two of them. One on One to continue things further.

[1281:05] Speaker 4: Good. That's an offer. Yeah, that yeah, ching. And yeah,

[1282:03] Speaker 0: yeah, then that becomes some kind of an offer that you can do. And then we go back to the drawing board and we say, Okay, what is because a lot of, again, what we talked about I back and forth with you, you're targeting still goes back to the copy that you used. So with the ad, I think that there's something in your copy, but I think we noticed, okay, the registrations aren't quite where we wanted them. So now that data tells us we need to adjust something with the copy.

[1289:41] Speaker 4: Everything could be adjusted to I'm looking at that. Okay, perfect. Yeah. But I am going to look at I'm changing, I'm going to go into one of three other areas that are, you know, incredible wheel houses. One. I did have another question. But it's just escaping me. So maybe take somebody else for a moment?

[1294:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, nobody else has their hand raised. So Oh, dear. All right. If anybody wants to raise their hand or ask a question, I got 10 more minutes.

[1297:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know two today was a lot to probably process was a lot of information to process. But these are, these are the more advanced things that will that will take you to making the kind of money that you want to make in your coaching business. These are the things that like we had we would have meetings and just pulling teeth trying to like get to the bottom of when we were when I was working with my mom when I was working with Rick. And and so what's cool is what I just shared with you today

[1309:58] Speaker 1: is

[1310:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: the combination of just lessons from a lot of struggle. That will save you a lot of more time lesson as your as your first launch gonna work out perfectly know it. Many times I was just reading a book, The other day I was reading.

[1314:42] Speaker 1: I forget what the book was called.

[1315:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's escaping me she had said though that like, in fact, you should expect that even your first or second offer doesn't do that well. And I was like, You know what, like, that's actually pretty accurate, like, know that going into it that it's probably not going to do well. And then if it does do well, you're surprised. Because it'll get better when you launch and put out there and grow your email list a couple of times. And so knowing that up front is exceptional, I think that I've just had a lot of experience where people do have a lot of success initially. But at the same time, the chances of that happening, it's not always guaranteed. So it's part of the process. Deborah, Deborah Scott, what's up?

[1328:39] Speaker 5: Hello. So here's my update about my internet. I'm just gonna throw this out here since nobody else has their hand up. So I did my research. Starlink is right on the border, but they're not coming my way fully flew. And then empire, there's an empire internet service. And I'm going to be emailing to complain because they're supposed to bring it into our town, but we're too far out. But my tax paying dollars is supposed to cover everybody else's. So that's gonna take a while. So here's my plan. This is what I'm up to one, look for another place where I can go to town and just set up what I need. And then in the meantime, I think what I'm gonna do is I'm getting ready to relaunch my book, and build my email list, like start building people's names, so that I am moving in a direction of connecting with people that have similar mindsets, so that when I'm ready to launch something, I have like a little nest egg of people within that email list. So that's kind of where I'm at,

[1346:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: build your email list, but then have them join you on like a zoom call, where you get to teach a little bit for 30 minutes and then field some questions. And so even though you might not have an offer, you're actually gathering some of that data. And you're basically you're not, you're not you don't need two steps to do that, like the Zoom event grows your email list and allows you to gather valuable data about your offer.

[1353:39] Speaker 5: Yeah, I know in October my contract with HughesNet is up so I'll be able to go back to ViaSat and then I will be able to I definitely have access to go online better. This particular internet satellite company just as been a huge flop. Yeah, you Got it, at least I'm able to be on here, today's kind of cloudy, so I have to leave my picture up. So anyway, I just wanted to share like that process because I don't know, you had a couple of minutes, and I just wanted to fill you in where I'm at.

[1363:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cool, awesome. No, that's great. And that encourages some people, you know, sometimes your setback could be your internet connection, we, we can always solve things like that. So

[1367:03] Speaker 5: there's got to be a workaround. Question. If I wanted to do a, like I could pre record a lesson. And I could go to the library and upload it. And let's say like a webinar, and then just post that, but that that means I would be lacking communication. So I would probably need another idea of how to get people to sign up or something. Because I could be teaching lessons and putting it out there as webinars, because that's not wise. Um, but then how do I connect with these people? I don't know. I just got myself

[1378:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: a zoom call that you do a q&a, you know what one option literally could just be where you, you can do a zoom q&a on your phone if you if you go to a certain part of town that has a good signal, and you could do the q&a on a separate day on your phone. Or that day.

[1382:56] Speaker 5: Okay. I like that.

[1383:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, you know, you make it work.

[1384:43] Speaker 5: Yeah, there's gotta if there's a will, there's a way.

[1385:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, so I only have a few more minutes here. We had nobody with their hands up. And then everybody raised their hand with two minutes left. So let's see. We're just real quick, rapid fire, Shonda.

[1389:33] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, rapid fire. So thank you, Jeremiah. And this was very timely as I'm getting ready to launch another one. And I've been praying and asking God, alright, how do I get bold? And then you describe that. Just stretch, put that bold thing out there. But my question is, at the very beginning, you mentioned that you had to shift from an employee mindset to entrepreneur mindset, what is a key factor that you implemented, that I can implement? Because I find myself in a similar situation? Yeah.

[1399:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, there's really like, there's, there's four mindset shifts that we have to take, when it comes to shifting from, from a corporate mindset to to an entrepreneur mindset. And I have them in my see, I have them in my podcast, I have them on my blog here. I want to see if I can find the blog post, where I talked about that. The employee mindset essentially is all based on how can I

[1408:45] Speaker 0: keep my boss happy, so that I keep making a paycheck and do just enough to stay there. So they keep paying me now you might have an A level of integrity, where you go above and beyond that, but here's what ends up happening is, you know, no matter how far when you go above and beyond in a corporate environment, there's always a cap, there's always a limit. And you start to realize that it's really not even worth it to do that other than just because that's how you are you have a personal standard of that for yourself. So one of the biggest ones is a the mindset of an entrepreneur is that you're not afraid to not have all the answers. You know, if you are in a corporate job, and you don't have all the answers, you'll probably get fired because they hired you to have the answer. Right? So if you don't have the answer, they're going to find somebody else that is and they're going to fill your role for you. So realizing that it's okay to not to have all the answers. That's a huge one. And to be willing to say I don't have all the answers. So that's where we don't have to please everybody and do everything that makes everybody happy, quote, unquote, we don't have to have all the answers. We just have to show up. And honesty is the best policy in that in that category. Let me see if I can find the blog post. I need to dislike it somewhere. I pulled it up two weeks ago.

[1432:06] Shonda Whitworth: And you mentioned that and I think I did put that in my notes not forgot about that. Let me

[1433:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I I'm looking to see

[1434:38] Shonda Whitworth: I do I have it. You know, I did put it in my notes here. I'll drop the link here in the chat.

[1436:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: i Oh, there it is. Yep, that's it. That's exactly

[1437:21] Shonda Whitworth: right. Yeah. Because you mentioned that and now I go back and I searched my notes, thankfully taking notes on that.

[1439:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you have to embrace rejection from other people, other people We're saying, I want nothing to do with you, that's a good thing as an entrepreneur, that is the and so like, we have an open hand, we're not trying to make everybody like us, we're not trying to be the flavor of everybody, you just want to become irresistible to a small group of people, you're not going to please everybody. So people, like completely just rejecting you, even to the point of like, actual hatred is is actually not a bad thing. When it comes to being an entrepreneur in corporate, you know, you can't survive. If that's the case. Be okay with not having all the answers, start taking uncertain risky action, even without a plan. You know, if you do that your job, you'll get fired. If you do that, as an entrepreneur, it will pay you massive dividends, I'd be okay with making mistakes, things not working out. And learning from those mistakes. Again, if you do that, as a corporate job, they will find somebody else you'll get fired.

[1455:47] Speaker 0: As a consultant in corporate, it's kind of just like being an entrepreneur, or an employee, I consulted a few corporations. And the minute that I even made a 1% mistake, I was my contract was cancelled. They wanted nothing to do with me. Because Because that because nothing I had to say was a value to them at that point, because I even had a tiny mistake that I made. So corporate, that's the environment that it brings in. And then that reinforces as entrepreneurs that we can't make mistakes, when in fact, making mistakes is actually what makes you the most amount of money as an entrepreneur. So, okay, so great.

[1466:24] Shonda Whitworth: That helps, because I just wrapped up finalizing a course and I got negative feedback from one of the clients. And so on one hand, she did have some valid things. And I did reiterate to her Hey, I told you, you were my first cohort, you were kind of along with the journey. I did make some mistakes. I thank you for

[1471:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, oops, sorry. I muted you. Unmute. Okay.

[1473:36] Shonda Whitworth: Last heard anyway, so some of her feedback was valid, and I owned it. And I accepted it and told her, I said, I did tell you, you were my first cohort and you were coming along on this journey as I'm learning.

[1477:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don't ever defend yourself. Okay. Not No, it's not worth it defending yourself to somebody negativity and disappointment in this business. It's just not.

[1480:04] Shonda Whitworth: Alright, well, some of it was valid. And then some of it I felt was irrational.

[1481:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Her feedback. What was it?

[1482:21] Shonda Whitworth: Her rational part? Both of it? Okay, so the rational part was that during the group sessions, there was one lady that was dominating the conversation. I get it. I did not have. Okay, no, I did not rain in the q&a time. I didn't

[1487:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: grow up to be more assertive. Perfect. Right. So that's actually really good feedback. Yes. You thought that

[1489:02] Shonda Whitworth: was valid? All right, the irrational part was that she kept telling me, I'm hesitant to say this. I'll go ahead.

[1491:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, that's a safe space here. So okay. But she kept

[1492:06] Shonda Whitworth: telling me, Well, God told me to do it this way. God told me to do it this way. And I kept telling her, all right, well, I mean, I didn't want to tell her anything. God's telling her. I didn't want to tell her anything different. But I kept reiterating. Well, in my experience in this industry, this doesn't work this way. Because she was like, wanting to write a memoir and get it traditionally published. And I said, Well, I've worked for publishing houses for over almost 10 years. And in my experience, they do not published Memoirs of authors who do not have a platform. Yeah, exactly. And, and she has,

[1502:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's some great feedback on that is, what if that vision that God gave you was for 30 years from now?

[1504:25] Speaker 1: When you do have a platform

[1505:49] Shonda Whitworth: then she kept telling me that everything that I was giving her self judgment, and was in group coaching, I gave her feedback in the Facebook group, like you do. And she was like, Oh, I don't want you telling everybody my stuff in front of everybody. And I'm like, Well, you gotta put your work out there. If you don't put your work out there and get feedback from peers and from me in front of others, then you're not ready to put a book out there.

[1512:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, no, it's true. I mean, there's there's a nuance to that of, you want to have acceptance. But at the end of the day, when you're coaching people, you're gonna have to point out what's not working that they're doing so I would take it with a grain of salt. I think I think you're I think your attitude of what can I learn from this is good, some of what she's saying is, take it with is it really relevant for you to change how you do things? Probably not. Um, but at the end of the day, I think it's it was a good learning experience for you. Oh, absolutely seeing how people are, I would say, definitely. And again, I don't know who this person is. But they sound they sound very controlling themselves. Like a controlling personality, they're used to people just doing whatever they say. And so realize a, I would just accept that that's how this person is. And just smile and nod and say, I say, Yeah, well, how we're how we run this group is like this, you know, we don't run it the way everybody does. This is how we've chosen to do things. But we appreciate that you're here. And you know, and, and then move on to the next person. Kinda like that. But yeah, that don't really get derail you at all too much, either. I think I think that your your teachability is great. But I also think the fact that you're recognizing, hey, I don't need to take all of this as correction is good, too. Well, yeah, well, thank

[1539:21] Shonda Whitworth: you for that, Jeremiah, because I feel like, on one hand, I feel like I'm learning and growing. In the other hand, I kind of felt beat up, but I didn't the other one on the on another one. I felt like, you know, there was a wall being thrown up, which she kept saying, when God told me this way, God told me this way. I mean, she did that the course. And then I'm not

[1544:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: sure otherwise, on that one.

[1545:11] Shonda Whitworth: I felt like asking her well, it goes direct in your every step and not using me to do it, then why did you hire me? And I didn't ask her that. But I thought that I thought that, but I didn't ask her.

[1548:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, I totally get where you're coming from on that. Um, I didn't ask a question, though, would have been? That's awesome. It sounds like you have a really great idea of like, where you want to head with this? What can I specifically help you with? You know, what, are we here right now that I can specifically help you with, that you're looking for direction on, and then they tell you what they're wanting direction on? Because you might have a complete misunderstanding of what they're even wanting? And then you look at, okay, that probably points to how you sold it is why they're there. If it's not something that you would do so

[1557:44] Shonda Whitworth: right. Well, the other objection, real quick, was a slide deck. She expected the slides because I provided slides, a PDF of the slides that I use from the train. And she said that the slides didn't contain enough information that she wouldn't have to take notes. Hmm,

[1562:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Thanks for the feedback. Appreciate it. You know,

[1564:23] Shonda Whitworth: you didn't wanna have to watch the replay. She just wanted to refer. You know, so I don't know, it was it was an experience. But thank you for that.

[1566:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lot of other people that were on there, they got a lot of value as well. The other,

[1567:46] Shonda Whitworth: I had four clients that are that went through the first one and two are very happy one dropped off for personal reasons. And then I

[1569:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: would pay attention to the two that are really happy with it. You know, and that's where in your own personal time, we have to be intentional to not focus on the negative people. You know, they're always going to be there. So, okay, well, great. Thanks. Yeah, yeah, they're always going to be there at the bet. You know, the more laser focused your offer gets, the less they'll show up, the more bold and assertive you get, the less they're going to try to run all over you as well.

[1578:01] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, on my offer page, I was thinking about adding this who this is not for, and taking some of the objections that she gave me. And put like, if you're not ready to receive feedback in a group environment, this is not for you. That's great.

[1582:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's

[1583:08] Shonda Whitworth: because, yeah, I'm totally okay.

[1584:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Yes, that's great. David Boykin asked real quick, he said, Do you include a clause about firing a student? You know, I would say, as a business owner, you got the choice to fire a student or if you want to? Yeah, if it's a term, I think you could include that as like a termination clause. It all just depends on I think, for your offer, you might need to do that just because of the level of investment that's involved. You definitely don't want to be locked in to a hellish scenario with somebody. At the end of the day, as a business owner, you get to decide who you want to work with and who you don't. That's also a big difference between corporate you know, you don't always get to choose your co workers, you do get to choose your clients. All right, Dell,

[1597:23] Speaker 3: this just very briefly, Jeremiah, where are the best places to research what the target customer actually wants? Is it like, ask the public or hard work can we read searched the questions that they're Googling the most. So we can try to frame our

[1601:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: republic.com is one of them. And then you can look at different like articles and blog posts you'll look at as well YouTube for your niche is going to be a good one, to see what type of YouTube because there's a lot of YouTube content on your niche.

[1604:50] Speaker 3: Just yeah, I'm just picked like the most liked. He was

[1606:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: like five or 10 of them, listen to him and pay attention to the first two minutes of somebody's YouTube video. Because that first two minutes is a hook. And you could convert, if you notice a pattern of a hook in the news, that creates a great a lot of offers. You can just repackage like, if you've got 10 YouTube videos in front of you, and they all have the same hook, you could repackage a lot of what they're talking about the beginning of a YouTube video as well. But the ultimate way is by actually getting people to give you personally feedback, because now that's going to tell you how your offer is getting responded to, and what those people want specifically, but before that, yes, you would use that as well. Chat GPT GPT. For you can also ask it, what are 1020 problems that this type of person that's dealing with this has,

[1620:03] Speaker 3: yeah, I've already done that, you can start to expand it

[1620:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: out deeper.

[1621:11] Speaker 3: I've been delayed by having the cash free to put into advertising. But I'm coming into a bit of an inheritance money. There's an inheritance windfall coming, I'm so thankful to Jesus. So once I get my hand, cash, I will be not delayed, and I will be launching my offers. So thank you.

[1626:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and that was something too, I was gonna mention, you know, we're just one briefly, let's say you, you're like, I don't have a lot of cash to run my offers. One thing is, is that I think we can get creative I had to do this, I know a lot of people had to do this is figure out how to get creative to find some cash to test out your offers, whether it be selling a few things, doing this some part time gig work, to be able to pay for your offer launch, things like that, I know that that there were there's a will there is a way that we can find and figuring that out, you know, maybe you're working a job that's not paying you enough to have enough time to do your offer. Maybe transition to a job that pays you more that you get to work lesson that I that was actually the path that I took was I transitioned from working full time with my mom to being a consultant to people. Now I'm working 100 hours a week making six figures consulting people, so I shrunk my time down only working 20 hours a week, making multiple six figures and I was able to take the other 20 hours, build my offers, and then a limited client work. And now I just have this business right here. Six figures,

[1645:02] Speaker 3: that's exactly my problem, because I have my corporate day job. And then I have my business where I'm trading our money. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna I'm gonna outsource my business to somebody in South Africa that she can do that, so that I can use my free hours to focus on the new business. And that's what I'm going to do.

[1649:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, awesome. All right. All right. Well, hey, thanks, everybody. Thanks for being on here. Next week is our live q&a. A poll says how much money would you recommend we have to start? Initially, like on your first campaign, we usually recommend about 300 to 500 ads for the campaign. And you can spend that over the course of a week or two. And then that will give you enough data to test is this responding? Are we getting leads are people signing up for our offer off of our pay, dad? So all right, I'm going to log off here, gotta go. Go help my wife with a couple of things. I will see y'all next week for the q&a. Come up with some questions to ask me. Throw your best at me. If you've got any questions throughout the week, if you want feedback on an offer things like that go posted in the group we got. You get a ton of access to to me in the group. This past week. We were gone for a wedding. And I was like just doing stuff nonstop all week last week. My schedule this week is pretty wide open. So I'm excited. I'll be able to give even more feedback in the group here this week. So all right, see everybody. We'll talk soon. Have a good one.

