CGA - Live Training + Q&A - December 4th, 2023
Date: 2023-12-05T19:31:29.000Z
Duration: 9 min
Otter ID: u-BLyTNj9NdwuOEo3hmJIZoOArI
---

[1:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's the meeting right here in zoom. If I do virtual camera we should be able to pass through and then you'll see up there we are. There's our there's our meeting right there woof. It's see it does this hall of mirrors thing. This is why it's hard to actually teach how to use Zoom. Because of this hall of mirrors effect, if I pull this down here. Now you can see what I'm actually what actually you can't see zoom right there. Let's see if I can do this. I can't broadcast one thing and show it to you at the same time as the problem. It's an interesting conundrum. And no, there's a way to do it. Basically, I have to be showing a different scene in zoom overall. So I have to be showing possibly a different camera or an avatar or something like that. We're gonna break down how you actually use Zoom and another lesson, cuz I gotta figure this out. Otherwise, this is what it looks like. Crazy, right? That's why like, it's so it's actually very difficult to record a teaching, I might have to record the teaching in well, actually, I can't do it on Zoom. So I'm saying otherwise, it creates this crazy effect where it's like this. And that's not going to help any y'all. So see, there's that. And now my zoom window looks like this. If I took a screenshot of it looks like that. Person screenshot before it up.

[34:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it looks like that. And I'll show you how to actually do all this in a future lesson. Right now we're just actually setting up the links and stuff like that. Okay. So we're going to break down like how you actually logistically use the software here in another lesson. What I'm telling you is is that you download it see there's our our effect right there. You download the app, either from their website, you install to your computer, you can use the web app right here, if you just click on meetings, from web app, that will open it up right there. You can also use it on your phone. If you go to set for the Zoom app in Google, here's the link to download zoom. And it'll download the installer whether it be for your PC, MacBook, Linux, Apple, Android, tablet, mobile device, whatever, you can download it right there. Okay. So you can find the download by actually going to at the bottom of zoom. And clicking right here, zoom right here. It says Download zoom desktop client. Zoom extension for browsers. Oh my gosh, which one do I need? Desktop client means that you can use it on your desktop on your computer. Mobile Client means that you can

[61:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: mobile client means that you can use it on a mobile device overall. Okay. And so mobile client looks like this

[68:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a zoom app on my phone that can click on and open and it's zoom right here. And so I can actually join a Zoom meeting I can even join you know that meeting that we just did that I just created. I can join it from my phone. And that might be that might be how I can show you how to how to do it. Is I might just have to use multiple devices as far as this goes.

[79:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like if I go into meetings right here I start the meeting. Yeah, so now you can see the different meetings, the different

[84:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: screens and things like that me turn off that virtual camera. So now we have like a zoom window. But it's actually it's all echoey. Right?

[90:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: browser was preventing access to like everything that's in the browser. So again, we'll break down how you actually use that software in another lesson. But those links that you grab in zoom, those links that you actually grab, right here, the invite link, right there. That's the invite link with the password that you would then send out in your email. And then that's what people will then use to actually join the Zoom call itself. Okay. Setting up a webinar, very similar. Same way, you can actually convert a meeting to a webinar, you set a title, you set the date and time of when it is right here. You set. And this is where it's a little bit different require panelists to authenticate to join that to be signed into a Zoom account, or do they not? There's a separate panelist link from the from a viewer link. If you're doing webinars. And this is where he in a webinar mode, there's, there's a separate q&a. It records it. So like if I scheduled this just let's just schedule it my webinar right here. Now it gives me some options. I can even create an email, invite the people I can invite, I can actually invitation email, the panelists confirm registration. I can add some people's names to a calendar link. In zoom right here, again, I don't so this is where I think maybe somebody will get confused with this. I don't worry about any of this branding stuff. I don't worry about polls and quizzes survey. This is just allows people to submit questions. I don't worry about captions. All I care about is this. This is the link to actually join the webinar itself. Okay, so this is for attendees to join. So this is what you're going to send out to an attendee. As a panelist, you actually have to start the webinar from inside of zoom right here. And you will actually have to invite somebody as a panelist with their name and email address, you have to actually go here under invite panelists and invite them if you if you don't want them to just be a viewer. You want them to be on screen with you on a webinar, you have to add their email address as a panelist but alternatively, you can also bring somebody up as a panelist as far as that goes. So once you schedule the Zoom call, once you schedule the Zoom webinar, let's just you know, again, we're going to we're going to do this again and we're going to open it up number once you have the link it opens it up

