Is Email Marketing Useless For Coaches_
Date: 2023-03-23T17:54:47.000Z
Duration: 5 min
Otter ID: WqWEW9cvr3ONXPqLY4SfRnq7-iU
---

[0:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: is email marketing dead? Listen, a lot of claims that there have been for years. The truth is email marketing is not going anywhere. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski and I've been helping coaches, trainers and mentors scale their businesses online using email lists for the last 20 years. And now more than ever, especially after COVID-19 happened, growing an email list, having an asset that you control in your business that helps you get more clients and make more money that allows you to establish yourself as an authority in the marketplace is one of the most important things. If you want to grow your coaching business, you have to get people on your email list. Posting all day on social media isn't going to do it for you. Making your website look amazing, isn't going to do it for you. Putting out a whole bunch of great content isn't going to do it for you. Meeting up with people for coffee, virtual coffee isn't going to do it for you. You might have heard these tips these tactics for years for how people would suggest growing and coaching businesses or, or maybe you direct message 600 people and five of them become clients, ideas like that wonder what they're missing. They're missing capturing information, and connecting with people on your email list. So I show people how to do is how to get clients to join their email list and then convert them to sales. I'm hosting a free event next week, called grow your email list step by step I'm gonna walk you through step by step, the process that we're using for coaches and mentors to make multiple six and seven figures using email lists. And how do we do this? Well, we host virtual events, kind of like the event that I'm going to be hosting on Tuesday. So what it is, is you host an event where you teach a topic and it's not a bait and switch, you actually provide real value, I'm going to provide you a ton of value on Tuesday on how to actually grow your email list and the process of doing so simply and easily the platform's we use the best things to say in the email, how to get people connected, how to get them engaged, and how to close more sales through your email list. But you have to actually put yourself out there. See, this is what I see most people don't do. They don't actually promote anything that gets people to join their email list. They, they know that they should grow their email list. But they don't do anything about it, they talk about it, they're all talk and no walk, they don't actually take action. Because most of the process of growing your email list most of what you've been taught most of what people have been taught is complicated, doesn't work takes way too much time and it's too expensive. We're going to blow the lid off of all of that for you on Tuesday next week, where I'm going to show you the simple, fast and easy way to get more people on your email list. Having people on your email list allows you to do two things. One, it establishes you as an authority in your market and it builds trust with people that you can connect with the most your your best prospects, the people that are the best to engage with. But what about unsubscribes? What about people leaving all the wasted money? Here's the thing, 80% of people that join our list, unsubscribe and I love that I encourage them to do so in fact, I send emails out telling people that listen, if you don't like me, if you don't like what I'm sending out, if I'm sending too many emails out, please unsubscribe. And what happens with that is the 20% that stay, they connect they engaged. They're always on all the stuff that I'm doing. We're growing in a relationship together, many of you have seen the different events that we're doing. And you've learned a whole lot over the last couple of months of working with us on some of our virtual events. We're going to take this a step further. On Tuesday, I'm going to show you the blueprint that we're using to actually create offers, how do you actually build an offer that gets people to join your email list? How do you know exactly what to make your offer about? What should you talk about? What should you put together in your offer? It needs to be about what people actually want. So what we do is we utilize what's called the feedback loop. And the feedback loop is where our audience tells us what they want our audience online tells us what they want, you might say I don't have an audience. So guess this isn't for me. To hold up there. What you do is if you if you can learn about people, and it's a process. This isn't a get rich quick scheme. It's a process. But if you can learn about people what they want, what their desires are, you can attract them to sign up to your email list. And they will tell you more of what they want. So I'm going to walk you through that process step by step how to grow your email list, how to get people to tell you what they want, and how to convert those people to sales. So make sure to join us next Tuesday, March 28, trying to think of the date. I'll see you that we'll talk soon

