Mailchimp Made Easy - Lesson 2
Date: 2023-09-26T17:34:41.000Z
Duration: 44 min
Otter ID: V3HkQNKHEodhfxPMXnZoQP1sMfs
---

[0:11] Speaker 0: All right, well listen, if that previous lesson wasn't a whirlwind, just kind of an overview of MailChimp, we're gonna dive into now some of the more nitty gritty details of how to use it in your business. And that's what we're going to be going over here. I don't think we're going to cover everything in this lesson at all, I think that this is going to kind of be a few parts of a lesson, but I was gonna break down for you some of those things so so MailChimp, if we think about it, I see it as a container. And it, it holds all of the email addresses that we that we have. In our business. Again, there's a couple of different ways to use it. You can either create multiple audiences for each offer that you have. That's, that's how I do it, and then I copy them all over into the main audience. And then I am able to broadcast to that main audience when it comes to setting up the MailChimp form on your site. I think that that's one thing to like really understand. In Squarespace, here's the cool thing is most most website builders. Now today. They have a very easy integration for MailChimp built into them, which is really cool. So like in Squarespace. It's as simple as you, you go into the page that you're building in Squarespace. And you add a a newsletter block, newsletter block, and this newsletter block if you go under Storage, turn off Squarespace storage and you go other storage options. MailChimp is right here, and it automatically connects straight to MailChimp. So this integration, you press Connect, you log into your MailChimp account and then it's going to link up the two together. So that now this form anytime somebody puts their email address into this form, it's going to go into one of these audiences over in MailChimp right here. And it's really that easy. And I'll always turn off required double opt in on there. You can also link this up with Zapier, and that's a little bit more of like an advanced way of doing it. When you take email addresses. You can link it up to Google Drive and copy and paste them into Mailchimp later, but if you want to, like actually have autoresponders that are going out to people linking it up to MailChimp, and a MailChimp audience is the best way to do that. Now this is why, you know there's a limitation on the amount of audiences that you can actually have, like when you're starting out what, what we always did was we would just use one audience for our offer that we're we're doing immediately that we're working on. Let me turn this light on here. There we go. My face is a little bit more lit up right there. Light in my office here. So what we what we would do is I would create an offer that people would sign up for, and it would go into a new audience each time we would do that. When we were done with the offer. I delete the audience, I get rid of it. And I copy all of those names that are in the audience, too. My catch all audience that contains all of my names and email addresses. So like for instance, I have a page on my site, free chat GPT prompt download, it's directly connected right into into Mailchimp but I'm also using Zapier for it as well. For two reasons. I've created some automation with Zapier. So download the chat GVT prompts they put in their email address that puts them into this chat GBT audience right here, these names I can manually go here and select all of these and copy them to my main audience general newsletter right there. You just select all the names, actions, copy to audience, it's not deleting them, it's just copying them over. Once I copy them over, then I can go to archive and now here's the thing. When you archive certain names, you don't have to pay for them. And so when it says like you can have this many names in their archives names don't get paid for it. The other thing is, is you can bring names out of the archive back into your main site. So that's another thing that you get to do is you can actually bring names out of the archive into your main audience or here so I have this main odd against that I send all of my emails to, they get basically every email that I send out, this is every name that I have. And I'll go through if somebody unsubscribes I'll frequently do this, I'll go segment, unsubscribed. And then I'll archive these, I don't have to pay for them. So these are any names that are actually unsubscribed off my off my email list. I don't care to even pay attention to who unsubscribed I used to, not anymore. About 50% of every email that comes into our list, you know, we've had probably about seven or 8000 people come in, in the last year, half of them stay on our list. So this is a really highly engaged email list of about 3300 people right here that open up nearly every email we send out. You know, I'm really like, I love the fact that I able to, with the click of a button, I can go right here create. And like if I have a new podcast episode, if I have a piece of content on my social media, and we're gonna go over, like, what do you actually send to your list? How do you, we're gonna go over content creation for your email, we're gonna go over what to send to them and all of that this is kind of breaking down the technical aspects. And then what do you also send to people as well, we're going to break that down. If you want to know how to grow your email list. That would be the topic of most of the other courses here in the members area, when you go into the members area, your offer should always have some kind of an email list function attached to it that people are signing up for. Okay? So when you go in, into MailChimp, generally we go under audiences audience dashboard, and I'll go under View audiences and then I go under, and I push create audience, okay, and so this lets us create a brand new email list in MailChimp. You have to put down the audience name, who it's from reminder of who it is. Make sure you have that address on there. of you know, some kind. I don't do double opt in, I leave this all how it is blank right there. Press Save. That becomes our new audience. And so then what we get to do is we can set up auto responders for people, anybody who joins that audience is going to get that auto responder email sent to them. Okay. So for instance, this chat GBT download, let's just go over to that audience. The chat GPT audience I have right here under campaigns. For this audience. I have see that a lot of draft emails have been sent out but it's the only one that really matters. It's a recurring email that goes out. It's a single welcome email. Anybody who signs up for the chat GBT prompt download document they're gonna get sent this email right here. New subscribe contacts immediately after they join this list. And so this is where we have it set up to where they get this this email sent to them. Hey, there as promised, here's eight figure Chad's. GBT prompts. Remember GPT four is the best algorithm. Here are the prompts plugging in my podcast, jump into my coaching program here. So I'm kind of you know, I'm seeing all the different different offers that I have. But here's the chat GBT prompts. So I'm sending these prompts to people as an auto responder email on the back end to once people actually sign up for this. Once they fill in their their email address, I have it set to also redirect to this page that also gives them the same access. Okay, so that's the functionality right here of this. This form in Squarespace. If we go in edit it. Post submit and it has a redirect URL that's right here. This is the URL that it's going to send it to after they sign up so it's integrated into Mailchimp right there. Under storage, MailChimp. We also have it oh, you know what? I don't even have to set it up that way. I have it I actually have in Zapier, I think zap set up. I don't even have to set it up this way like that. In Zapier, I have it doing something as well automatically. Okay. So Zapier is a tool that lets you do some really cool stuff with MailChimp and signup forms that you can't do otherwise. Okay. So for instance, if you select the app in Zapier MailChimp,

[160:20] Speaker 0: I can now set it up to where any new signup in MailChimp that comes in can connect with any other app that I have access to, such as Thinkific I can have a connect with stripe I can have it connect with Wix WordPress Google Docs, I can have it, you know, send out. There's even like an email, you can send emails out right here, you can have it go into another email software. So this allows you to connect MailChimp to other software's it also lets you do stuff inside of MailChimp. And this is the functionality that I love is MailChimp to MailChimp. functionality. Why would we do this so the idea would be you could build custom functions that don't exist inside of MailChimp, you can automate them over here in Zapier. So if I select MailChimp, to MailChimp, a new subscriber right here, in one audience, like the chat GPT prompts, I can then have it add that subscriber or update it inside of another audience, and it'll copy it to another audience. For me. This is a functionality that I like to use to automate certain things. So what I'll go in is I can select this, let's select the audience. Any new subscribers in this chat GPT audience what we're going to have to do is we can actually have it then add that subscriber to another one of our audiences over here so we can tell it to add it to the main audience. We can tell it to put the email address from the main subscriber right here. Up let's see, it's a testing the trigger. All right.

[197:40] Speaker 0: Yep, we're this over here. And there's nobody in that email list. But what you can do is you can have it set up any of the subscriber emails basically, if I do like a test email in here, let's just add one. For Zapier to work, sometimes you actually need an email in the list itself. So I just added my email address. Let's go. Let's go test this again. So that it can kind of pull up that data. Oops, let's try it again. No subscribers found

[214:34] Speaker 0: Okay, so normally, I might be because I archived that name to me see? Yes, because they're not Yep. That's why because it listed as cleaned up.

[219:26] Speaker 0: Yep, it's not adding that that name here. So let's just add like an another another name that we hadn't tested out before. Test 123 email at gmail email. at Gmail dot actually, I have one that I have po email nine@gmail.com This was something that I had for an AI thing. Okay. That should go into our MailChimp list here. Once that's signed up. Boom, there it is. Subscribe. It's got a little green tag there. Now let's see

[231:48] Speaker 0: Oh, cool. It's also able to populate the data right there. But now that I added a subscriber, it should be able to find it now it should be able to find a record. Yep, here we go. Subscriber B. Now it actually has the real data, it's able to pull it continue with that record. So now we can tell it Okay, pull the email subscriber email needs to correlate to the email right here. And then you can tell it if you create a tag inside of another audience. You can have it Like tag somebody as being part of a certain opt in campaign, if I go to my main audience right here, you're gonna have to create the tags first. So that's where you go under the audience. And we click on Tags. So I can create a tag right here. Let's see, create a tag, chat GBT prompt download. Okay, so now in Zapier, if I refresh these tags, it should have the chat GBT prompt download tag now. So now what it'll do is it'll automatically anytime somebody subscribes to that one list, it's going to add them to my main newsletter and then tag them as being and let's test this out. Let's see how this works. It's going to add them and then tag them in the main list behind the scenes using Zapier to do this, and Zapier is just really cool, because you can do any number of different sorts of functions in here with it. So let's go take a look. Did it did it add it over here? Yep, pole email nine, has a tag chat. GBT prompt download was added through Zapier right here was the source. Okay. So that's a really cool way to create different tags, you can create different autoresponders based on tags. And so that's what I wanted to show you here real quick, I think that's where I'm going to stop this lesson. Just to kind of keep things simple for you is actually creating auto responder emails that go out to your list. Okay, so if we go to whatever our audience is, I'm going to go here and under campaigns, I'm gonna click Create New. And this is where I can either create an email, I can create an SMS campaign, I can create a an automation. And what I look for is automations. If we go to automations, get started, I can create an automation campaign for my list. So there's a couple of ways to do this. They have pre built journeys, build from scratch. But look at this, you can click on a prebuilt journeys, and you can see these different types of integrations that it can actually set up for you. Welcome to new contacts. Pretty simple. Email tagged customers, if they're tagged target contacts based on emails that they open. So you can send different types of emails based on even the time of day, whether they signed up, you can test different subject lines, you can do all that. So these are pre built journeys, where you can set up most commonly welcoming new contacts. And so there's all these different little functions that you can check out here. There's a few ways to do this. I'm going to show you two different ways to set this up. So if I click on this, basically contact signs up for the audience. It's gonna send them a welcome email. That's the journey that we want to use. Let's use this. Now it's going to tell you Okay, which audience do you want for this journey? So everything links back to the audience they sign up for. So we're gonna go to the chat GBT audience we're gonna say they sign up for chat GPT you can press include imported contacts. That's the starting point. And now they're going to get this email. And so this is where you want to actually edit this and make sure it has the right info. It's got your right email address in there. Let's change the subject line. Here's the chat GPT download last for and so what this is, is anybody who signs up is going to get one of these auto responder emails every day as soon as possible as soon as they sign up. Okay, and I like using the you can either use the classic or the new builder. They're both different ways of building out an email. Let's see the new builder right here. A lot of new functions in MailChimp that I don't even fully use. I like to keep things very simple, very minimal in our emails, I use a simple text template for my emails. Okay, so I'm gonna I'm going to remove any sort of logos or graphics to from the emails itself, we're going to remove any sort of logos because they're gonna get opened better and now this is where you can actually type out your email. Thanks for registering for the free chat GPT Download Now here's what's cool is they even have aI functionalities that are built in here to where it can generate you content for your email built right into chat into MailChimp. Thanks for signing up for the free download. We're excited to have you on board. Our goal is to provide you with a concise, our AI assistant. It's funny, it's not necessarily that's actually really terrible. So again, that was my first time using that you might want to use chat GPT to do something like this as far as like writing your thank you emails, go into chat GBT type in write me a thank you email. For people who signed up for a free chat GPT prompts download Google Doc and include a link I use to GPT to write up like 99% of all the emails we send out of this finds you well, we're thrilled with your your interest in this download, which really appreciate your trust and enthusiasm. Okay, so that's weird. This email reads to corporate it, make it more casual.

[338:14] Speaker 0: Thanks for signing up big thanks for grabbing the prop download. Super stoked to have you on board. All right, no more waiting. Here's the Google Doc with the link. We hope you find it cool and useful. If you have any thoughts, click the back. Just hit me back. Let me know what you think. He copy that right into here. Now you'll you'll probably want to add like adjust your spacing. This shows us okay, this link doesn't work check your link. Where's the link? Well, Link usually is anything that's underlined. So we're gonna go here, we're going to change what this link is. This is the link button. This is where you can actually put in whatever link that you're linking to obviously, they didn't even have my chat GBT. Download link. So we're gonna actually put the real link right there. And delete this. Sign it. And now it's as simple as that is this email right here. If you click Preview, this is what's going to basically be sent to somebody who signs up for the chat JB team prompts download, and that's an auto responder, that's going to go out to everybody, by creating and saving that journey. Now I don't actually want to save this journey. Because we already have a, a journey that's going I'm not going to turn it on. But that's how you would create that. Okay. That's how you would create an autoresponder like that. There's another way of doing this as well in MailChimp to create different autoresponders when people first sign up. And I'm gonna show you different ways of automating emails at different times and things like that. But one of the most important ways that you can use it is the immediate emails that go out. When people sign up with you. Now one of my things that I recommend that people do is that you send out multiple emails reminding people for what they actually signed up for. A lot of times people are gonna forget what they signed up for, they're going to absolutely not even remember that they signed up for something with you. And so it's good to send multiple emails when somebody signs up to a list requesting some kind of a free download. And by the way, we use MailChimp to deliver all of our free downloads all of our offers all of our lead magnets that people actually sign up for. One question that people have is, how do you attach a download to an email in MailChimp? Well, you actually can't, you can't attach anything to emails that come in MailChimp, you can't put videos in there, you can link to them. The only things that you can put in an email in MailChimp is an image, which then lowers its deliverability rates. That's why I only use text. In my emails, I don't use any images in any of our emails that we send out to people for that reason, and so we send text out, and then you can link to you know, if you have a YouTube video, you link to that video. If you have a download, you're gonna have to use something like Google, Google Drive or Dropbox and then send a shareable link through those like so if you use Google Drive, by the way, just about anybody can get a Google Drive account for free. If you've ever wondered how to do this, like all you need is a Gmail account. And they automatically give you 30 gigabytes of Google Drive 15 gigabytes. That's a lot of data, though to be able to store some files. So you could include like some video files, some mp3 files, and then in in Google Drive, let's just say like for this prompts document, you could go under share and you can create a shared link that gives anybody access you get to choose who gets access to it. That's it Once you do is you take that shared link from Google Drive, and you're able to put that in the email. And that's how people download stuff, we actually worked with a client that they they did, they delivered mp3 and CD files, through email through MailChimp. And we just sent people it was a folder from Google Drive, they created a folder in here. mp3 download, you could literally deliver, you could deliver your whole course this way, even, this is a simple way that even some people could deliver a course, you put your video files into a folder, here, you go grab the share link right here. For that folder, we're going to set it to not be restricted, but anybody with the link can access it. And then you're able to give that file to people to access it for free. And then they're able to download whatever's inside of that folder. And then you take that link, that URL, this is a URL, it's whatever that that link is, that's going to take people to access the file. Right, if somebody wants to access this file, they're gonna, they're gonna see it like this, they're gonna see a folder that looks like this, and it'll have the file in it, and then they can download it themselves to their computer. That's the beauty of Google Drive. Very simple, and it's free. And so then from here, you can include that link in an email auto responder to people. And that's how you can deliver a download or even a course of some kind like that, which is really cool. Okay. The other way that we'll add in like an auto responders, we'll go over here under automations. And we'll click on I like classic automation. This is my favorite, my favorite way of doing it. Welcome new subscribers. This is sending a single email out to a certain audience that's going to welcome a new subscriber. And there's a few ways of doing this, we got single email. If you select single email, you can't add more, you can't add more emails to it, you can only send one email out in that auto responder, you'll have to create another auto responder. It's like a bucket of emails to be able to send more out. If you want to send a series say four emails after they sign up. This is called an onboarding series right here. Okay, so I'll select an onboarding series. And this is my favorite way of using the classic auto responder is an onboarding series looks like this, where you get to where you get to you create an email, and you select a trigger, immediately after they sign up, you can even set it to only go to a certain tag. So like if you have a VIP upsell or something and people are tagged as a VIP, you can tell it to only send to people that have the tag of that VIP and they become a segment of people that are going to get a certain list. This is how we actually deliver our VIP autoresponders. In my offers that I do in my free offers, I'm gonna break this down for you. We have names and email addresses and we have a tag for our VIPs right here. This tag segments who a VIP is we have this very specific auto responder journey under campaigns that only goes to our VIPs because they're tagged as a VIP, so when they sign up, they get full domain email but they also get the VIP welcome which only goes to somebody who's tagged as a VIP right here. Immediately after somebody is tagged as a VIP, send them this VIP email. And then this VIP email includes the information accessing the Backstage Pass, accessing the the bonus that they paid for. By the way, if you sign up for any of my free offers any of my free events, you can take these emails and have it rewrite it in chat GPT for whatever whatever your offer is. I'm hosting an event helping women who are grieving. Rewrite the email below. Based on this, you can have Chad GBT rewrite the email based on that here's a version with a theme of helping women who are agreement you're in the healing together support for women that are grieving gathering will come together for support listen and share live zoom q&a session. Is it the times you'll receive a zoom link in the email meanwhile, save the time added to your calendar. Join the Zoom gathering here zoom link yeah A access supplements or Terry information, perfect. So it'll rewrite it rewrote one of my emails to fit somebody else's niche to fit your niche. Okay. And so that's how you're able to do that you can take any of my emails that I've written that I've used and you can have chat GBT, rewrite it for whatever your niche or your offer is that you're actually putting out there. And so we'll set this, this is an email that that goes out based on a tag that somebody has, you can also set up where a series of emails will go out one after the other, you change the trigger right here to decide when it goes out and who it goes out to. So one thing that I like to do is I'll do one day after and I'll change the trigger to where it's only two people who previously did not click

[496:02] Speaker 0: somebody who did not click the email after one day, from the previous email. So this is the one that they get immediately after they join the email list right here. Okay. This is the one that they get immediately after they join the email list, we go under design email, and you go step by step and you design out the email itself, you design out the subject line, who it's from, you select the template, here's access to your free download, if you're struggling to come up with subject lines, again, MailChimp does have some AI that can help you do that as well, based on your email, chat GBG can help you with that too. Simple text. So what I'll do, and then we'll type into our email that's going to go out we'll type in whatever message that we want to send to people that they're going to automatically get one thing that I would recommend remove this rewards thing from the bottom here. I think you might be able to turn it off and one of the functions, but that's going to be a MailChimp logo that's at the bottom of your emails, I would remove that from any of these emails. You go in here, you get to set up your email, you type in what you want it to say, how you want to communicate to people, what's that message that you want to come across what any sort of pertinent links in there, you press Save and Continue. And now that becomes the first email that's going to go out to somebody, then you design your second email you set. Okay, this is going to go out the day later, I would, what I like to do is I'll actually copy whatever the first email was when somebody signs up. And I'll literally just change only the subject line that they get in the second email so that it's the same email that somebody got when they first signed up. But if they didn't click the link on it that first day, I'm going to basically I ended up sending the same email out four days in a row. To keep it simple for me, I don't write for new emails, I'm just sending the same one. But I'm changing the subject line in each one. And so I'll copy and paste those emails, I'll copy and paste them. But I'll just change the subject line in it. And then I'll make the actual email itself, the design and all that be the same. across all of these. Did you get into the Facebook group, reminding people, I might make the last email say like final notice to get access to what you requested. Simple text, you can copy and paste the original email into here, press Save and Continue. And now that becomes a series that goes out a day later. Then you can set the third email go out a day after this one. And it's always going to be whatever the trigger is, is going to be whatever is based on the previous email that went out not the first email the previous email one day after previous email. That did not click any link in previous lists his previous campaign. Yep. Previous email did not click Yeah, exactly. That's it. And so I like to do that you could also do where it just goes out after the previous email I have where I send my pre trainings in a separate email where that goes out. And so that's how you can have it send out one email. The next day another one goes out the next day another one goes out the next day another one goes out. I think four emails after they sign up for any free offer, at least setting up for that remind them of what they signed up for reminding them to add it to their calendar. I think that that is the best way to make sure that people actually show up with you and actually engage with you. Okay, so Play around with really like, if this is all you learned about MailChimp, and you just started mastering, setting up autoresponders. Setting up, you know, and I didn't actually program all these emails. So that's why it's saying this, it has all the original email content, and it's the default content. So it won't let you actually send out default content, which is nice. But that's where if I finished that out, now that set up to actually send those emails to people who sign up for my list, who register for one of those offers that I'm doing. And if this was all that you learned about MailChimp, you would be really set up for success to be able to do a lot of great things, we're gonna break down even more functionality in here, one of the last things that I'll tell you is this, don't trust that it's set up correctly, fully. You want to test your campaign out, and you don't need to test out all four days of it going out, right. But you want to test that the at least the first email auto responder is going out. So go to your site, go to the page where you set up the form, fill out your email address, there's a site that I like it's called generator dot email, and it allows you to generate fake emails to sign up and test your offers, just don't click on these ads. But generate you can generate new little fake emails. And so what happens is when people sign up for it, it's going to actually give you it'll show you the autoresponders that actually come through when people sign up for like different offers and stuff that you have. So like if I go right here oops, let me copy this generated email. I go right here, I'm able to test out okay, is this actually going to send what they signed up for to somebody on here, so then I can look at okay, is the email being sent out? Okay, my my take a little bit, a little while to send the email out. So you press refresh. You don't want to click generate a new email or you'll you'll lose the temporary email. But you press refresh, and it will show you underneath it once one of the emails is received, so let's see let's go to the chat. GBT chat GPT onboarding series we already have this sending emails out to people it doesn't MailChimp doesn't send it like instantly by the way. There's a slight delay as to how quickly it's going to actually send the email out to people there's a slight delay but you'll notice okay like like a couple of minutes that's why you want to test out is your auto responder working is it actually sending out the email that people people sign up for subscribers who's completed let's go to the audience dashboard let's see if we can find this contact right here here's the contact no activity as of yet so it has not sent an email out to this person

[615:18] Speaker 0: we can go into Mailchimp here and we can see when it's actually going to send that email out we can see when that automation is actually going to go out this is also something to to to remember and to realize is that there is a bit of a delay in sending out these emails with with MailChimp with a little bit of a delay

[624:01] Speaker 0: Send immediately will immediately is relative okay

[632:09] Speaker 0: it's gonna send it out because I know that it says that many people have opened it. I just don't know how long it's going to fully take. Oh, here it is. There we go. Boom. So it took a couple of minutes. But here it is. Now in our test, email refresh. There's the autoresponder email it went out. It's been received. You get to read it. It looks good. The links work. You can test the links out. You always want to test your link So test them out, see that they work. Boom. Okay. And so that's that's how you can test emails out with like a test account. It does, it takes a few days, it takes a few minutes for them to show up. And so that that is what most almost all email autoresponder software's. There's none that exists that send the email out, like immediately like that, it would actually cost too much in server costs, it would exponentially cost even more for server costs to do that, because there's like 1000s of emails being sent out through the servers. So there's a couple minute delay anytime somebody signs up for an email. But this is a great way to test that it's actually working and to see that your auto responder is working. And so now you can have confidence in that. So hopefully, this will get you at least set up like understanding, creating audiences linking it to whether it be Squarespace, whether it be even if you're using Click Funnels, go high level, any other platform that you're using, to get clients to sign up with you. Most of them all connect to MailChimp. And then they all work the same way where you're going to use an audience, you're going to set up an auto responder email, you're going to send an email based on where they tagged or not if you're using tags to be able to do that, okay, and so that's the best way to do this. There's not an easier way to tag people than with Zapier. The only other way to do it is you literally have to hard code, like computer code into your form to get it to tag people as they come in. I wish it was easier than that. But Zapier is the best way to set up tags. And so if you want to save quite a bit of money on your MailChimp account you can go with the account version that does not need to have all of these audiences. And you can set up where you just tag them in your main audience, and you're tagging people, and then you're sending those auto responders to specific tagged groups of people. And you're just using Zapier to tag people in and out of different steps in your auto responder, that will lower the cost of your MailChimp account exponentially as you grow. Overall, it's a lot easier to just use these multiple audiences this way. So you're gonna I pay an extra like 100 bucks a month, to be able to just do it this more sloppy way. Because it's just it saves that much time for me, I see it as part of my business processes, a system that we pay for. And if I can pay 100 bucks a month to save quite a bit of time and headaches for my team, I'm gonna end up paying that much in somebody to be able to manage it the other way. And so, you know, it's a give or take as far as that goes. But that's how you set up very simple autoresponders to go out to people to to to send an immediate email that goes out to people, when they sign up with you. Putting those emails together, we'll break down a few more of these features, such as building emails out how to build certain types of emails out how to write the best emails, and even more in a future lesson. So we'll talk soon

