Client Growth Accelerator - Live Training
Date: 2023-02-13T19:16:28.000Z
Duration: 94 min
Otter ID: vbvYVuyBQGa_Nhgip0PccNeBTno
---

[20:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: There we go. Hey, you guys hear me now? Sweet. Hey, thanks, everybody, for your prayers This week I'll tell you this, the hardest weeks always have the greatest breakthrough on the other side. Oftentimes, we have a habit where we could get defeated by those hard weeks when we have those, those like, and I'll tell you this last week was probably the toughest that I've been through so far. And, you know, obviously, I'm a new new parent, I'm learning about parenting and taking care of a little one and also building a business simultaneously. There's just a whole lot to learn through that through that process. But yeah, thank you, everybody, just for your prayers. I know we missed the copywriting call, we'll be doing that. This Thursday, I will make sure that, that that that goes through, we actually just hired an admin girl who Charles might know of, I'm talking about Rebecca, you remember, Rebecca,

[37:22] Speaker 0: we just hired her to help us admin our stuff, which is awesome. And so she's gonna make sure that all the all the emails are sent out and all the all the notifications and help with customer service and all that, because I've been doing all that myself. And that's like, 10 hours a week in my time, that the scale that we're at, and I'm like, Okay, I can't, I can't grow past that level. So that's gonna be great having her to help with that help with the admin side of things. Let me go live here in the Facebook group, just so people have this join us live on zoom here. I finally got into here,

[47:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: on here, and that's the thing, you know, you're gonna get to the point where you want to make like, once you once you hit that level, like 50 to 100k a month consistently for about six months, maybe even sooner, but like, for me, that's where like my capacity of earning is, is limited. I can't go any further without hiring people at that level, and so you'll find your your level is when you feel stretched by doing certain work. And you're making enough money to hire people, right? I wouldn't recommend that you hire people. If you're not making enough money to hire them unless you, you find some that are at a cost that you can afford. one other announcement that I want to make for everybody is that John Allen, who has been in our group that has helped people, she's helped us. We recommend a lot of people talk with her as far as managing your Facebook ads and things like that. She's actually going to be going through the same courses that you guys have gone through basically, I told her, I'm going to pay you to go through all the courses on funnel building. And she's going to she's going to be able to help you guys build your funnels and she works in the Philippines, which is super cool. And so you'll be able to hire her contact her in the Facebook group. And she can help you put together specifically on Squarespace. If you're using Squarespace. If she needs to learn WordPress, that'll be kind of on her her own, but that'll be a resource for you. She can help you manage your Facebook ads. She's not a copywriter. She does the technical side of it. And so she can upload Facebook ads and things like that for you. And then she can help you as well put together your funnels and put together the landing pages and all of that. And because she is an overseas worker, it's at a rate that is affordable, I think for everybody who's in this group, even if you're just starting out which is cool. So There's that. All right, today Today is our live training. And we'll take some, some q&a at the end, I want to pull up here my notes, I actually spent the last two hours building with chat GPT. My notes for what I wanted to talk about today. And I'll just give you a little brief on how I did that. So I took all the notes from our last couple of Q and A's, I took what I've been thinking about talking about for the last two weeks, basically, I have them in a notebook on my phone, okay. This is my process for coming up with what I teach people, by the way, way simpler. So I got these notes that I wrote down and what I want to teach everybody, it's on my phone. And I sort of filtered it through chat GBT. And I had it write a lesson plan for four different talks. And it mapped out for me what to say at each segment of the talk. Now, obviously, I'm not going to follow this verbatim. But what's cool is it gave me a nice outline of really what I wanted to bring to you today and what I wanted to share, and so chat GPT, let me just kind of show you real quick, just under the hood, how it did that. So I took these notes right here, okay. And then I took

[102:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the members area. Whereas

[107:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: our monthly training archives, I took the notes that I wrote down here of what I wanted to talk about. And then I took the q&a notes that I have right here.

[109:53] Speaker 0: These are all of our live trainings. By the way, if you're if you're new to the program, if this is your first time in here, you can find all of that in the members area at members at Jeremiah krakowski.com. I took these notes right here, and I kind of put it together and I had it mapped out for me underlying problems, solutions, and then come up with four different talks on self prioritization, effective communication, time management, and mindfulness and meditation. And they kind of put it all together. And obviously, I'm not going to be talking about those in that order. But what it did was it pulled out of me, what I actually wanted to share with you today. And it pulled out of me something that was like, brand new, that I've never really talked about in this way.

[122:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's this idea of not letting anyone including yourself, tell you that you're not doing enough. Tell you that you're not doing good enough. Don't let anybody tell you that your best is unacceptable. That you're not measuring up to a level of performance that people have. You you need to love yourself enough to where Listen, other people can say things they can come at you. And oftentimes we end up playing safe to try to avoid what other people say, here's an example of this and coaching, let me make this practical for you. Okay? I have had a number of people tell me Jeremiah, you don't provide enough live interaction. You don't provide enough live training. And that, that, if only you did that, then the value of your program would really be what people are paying. That's that's the number one thing that I've had people tell me for the last six months. By the way, those people aren't even in our program. I'm or, you know, I don't, I don't learn through recorded content. And so, I'm gonna need you to teach me one on one, what I need to learn. And so what it is, is it goes back to I'm not doing good enough as a coach, if I don't do XYZ, ABC follow through or maybe it's, you know, Jeremiah, you took six days to respond to me in the Facebook group. A good coach would have done it in two days. And these ideas of that see those are those are things that I hear I get messages from people things like that is learning that those are opinions. People can have those opinions. I respect their opinions, that's great. But that's not how I live my life. And what I've decided is to make me the number one priority in my life. Now that goes back to see that ends up triggering A lot of people how they've been raised what they think. And it immediately sparks his idea. When I say I'm gonna make me the number one priority in my life, people think I'm saying, to be unkind, to be uncaring, to be uncompassionate to be selfish, to be narcissistic, and to be harmful to other people. What's funny is, I would not recommend you be any of those things, you know, you can actually make yourself the number one priority in your life, and be extremely caring, kind, compassionate, serve others, impact other people and May and the idea is that you're not pouring from an empty cup that you're not pouring from a place of, of, I just got a little bit left, because I've been pouring out so much. And this is one of the things that I noticed that a lot of people not just in their coaching, but in everyday life. I got three kids, so I can't pour into my business. And these are all legit and valid, by the way, like, that's, I have one kid and I'm like, it's getting, you know, it's hard, it's not easy. Or I got these obligations at church or I got, I got my job that I'm doing. So I can't pour into this. Okay. And so the idea is, is that because we're serving so much, and as a coach, my mission in this group is to raise you up to be an Olympic athlete. You know, the Super Bowl was yesterday, I got my team's colors on because they won. And when you reach that level, like that is the highest level of achievement right now. In sports, okay? If you're in the client growth accelerator, and this is not for anybody to feel self judgment, because again, self compassion and self love as I think is the is a core pillar of what I teach people and what you need to be able to be successful. Okay. And rest and not grinding 100 hours a week, learning to optimize your time so that you can get done what, what, what you used to need 100 hours to do that you could get done in five to 10 hours. That's the mission, right? That we're not striving that we're not operating out of hypervigilance that we're not operating out of trying to perform to find our self worth. That rather you approve of yourself and you don't need other people that when other people disapprove of you. And it doesn't faze you that it doesn't bother you I had somebody this week. Come at me and and tell me that, you know, Jeremiah have gone through all your trainings, I've gone through your system, and it's not good. It's harmful to people. That's what they told me. They are like, it is it is. It is quite possibly the most dangerous, harmful thing ever. And I'm like, Oh, do tell and essentially, it all broke down to what I teach, I'm going to share it a little bit here. And I did a podcast episode on it this week. It's actually the latest podcast episode that I put up. This conversation lasted about two hours. And it was a it was a debate that I probably shouldn't have engaged in the debate of. But I put together a podcast episode and the gist of the podcast episode was that I Jeremiah Krakowski am teaching people to not do good enough, and to not operate out of a spirit of excellence that I'm teaching people to be lazy, and entitled, and to not take care of people and to just pick people's pockets dry with my sales methods and and to not provide any value or support and to just steal money from it. That was essentially the gist of it. And that that's what my system is. Now truthfully, my system is I believe, and it's what I've developed over the years with my mom and working with Rick Pino and working with Danny Johnson and then my own sort of reading books and developing this together my system is what will make you a ton of money. But I also believe that we have to that we have to serve people that we have to deliver value that we have to deliver on what we promise okay. So I did this podcast episode and I would highly recommend those that are in this group, listen to it, I'm gonna send it out to my group. It's about how to run a group coaching program. Again 20 years of experience it's a bit controversial but it'll make you a ton of money and the idea behind it is this is this one concept a you have to stop over by promising and striving to over deliver to people, and keep giving more of yourself to people, and actually ask people to pay you for more access to you, and to start raising your rates and to start charging more. The other side of it is, and this is the controversial side, when you run a coaching group, when you do marketing, how many of y'all if you've done any coaching, you know, that there's the upper percentile of people in your coaching group, right. And by the way, it's funny, I'm stepping into a new season and 2023, I'm going to start mentoring you more in the business side of coaching, because we have a lot of the great marketing training already in our members area. So I want to dive into the business side of training, as well as how to really optimize your ability to get your clients results and to coach and to close more sales. When you coach people, there are levels to it. So there are certain people who get more results. There are also certain people who they might buy your course by your program, and they get no results because they didn't open it up. They didn't take the shrink wrap off digitally. What that is, is they didn't log into their members area. They haven't been on a single call, they don't they didn't post any questions in the group. And then they have all these complaints and reasons why they can't succeed. And I get emails from them all the time. And honestly, like I have a heart for those people, I'll tell you this, my heart for those people has actually been one of my biggest downfalls. Because like, I'm like, I want to help these people. And my mom and I have had great conversations over the last month about this is that those are actually not the people that I meant to help. The ones that that don't show up. That the best way to get the most results with your coaching business with your group coaching is to focus on who is actually doing the work. Who is actually getting results and ascend those people to a higher level instead of focusing on how can I help this 30% That isn't even showing up? How can I focus on them to get them to do their work? See what that is, is that's managing other people's emotions. That's micromanagement. micromanagement is codependency. And we've been talking about that a little bit. Over the last week, I'm diving deeper into this because we cannot run our coaching businesses out of codependency to where we are working harder on our clients success than they are.

[282:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you want to make the kind of money that I want to help you with, I want to take you back back to this, there's a limiter on how much money you can make with codependency. The way around that is if you hire like hundreds of coaches, and you have all these coaches under you, helping people if that's you, if that's your model, knock yourself out, that's great, okay, because that's you found a way to scale that. But that's also very time consuming, you're having to lead people and for the amount of money that you can make. You can make half a million to a million dollars a year in your first two years of coaching. And I know these numbers are true, because these are the numbers that I've seen with my clients and myself. In the first two years, you can get to that 500 to a million dollar level. It takes about a year and a half to cross that threshold. It's going to require you to do different habits, okay. And so what this group is the client growth accelerator is this. This is where we trained a Olympic athlete coaches. That's why I talked about the Super Bowl. There at the highest level, what I want is I want to raise up the highest level of coaches, I've worked with some of the highest level of coaches, most coaches do not make 10 to $20 million, like the people that I've worked with. And one of the biggest complaints a lot of people said to me is Jeremiah, do you know how to help people just, you know, the little old me people that want to do just a little bit? I can. Because if you if you apply what I teach you, for the Olympic coaches, you're going to make that little bit of money right along the path to make a half a million dollars, you'll make 500 bucks, you'll make 1000. And if that's all you want to make is 500 or $1,000 and you're in this program. Great. That's awesome. And that's great. And I want to encourage you to that I don't want you to feel like I'm Judging You or saying that you're not doing good enough. I don't want anybody to feel that way in here. Your journey is your journey, where you are on your journey like love yourself at the present stage. Comparison will suck the life out of you trying to compare yourself to where other people are to where you want to be, and all of that we can't step into the comparison trap. I've done that for years, comparing myself to people that I'm like, I should be further along than they are. And you want to know what every single time I did that it limited my growth. And so in a group like this, it can be tempting to compare yourself to everybody who's in the group and all the success that they're getting. Realize that where you're at right now, is right where you're supposed to be. Now, internally, there might be a voice in our head, that's critical. It says, Well, no, I should be further along. Thank that voice. Say thank you, I appreciate you driving me forward. But I'm going to love myself today and say that right where I'm at today is right where I'm supposed to be. And, and not let anybody make you feel like you're not performing or doing good, not doing good enough. And start accepting yourself more for where you are. I'm telling you this self acceptance for where you are right now, is the key that unlocks your next level. That's the crazy part about it. It's not striving to get to the next level, it's actually accepting where we're at right now. It's actually saying, Okay, I know that I could be further along. But I'm so thankful and grateful for where I am. Now what that does is truly I see it as it's a it's a prayer to heaven that says, You know what, God, I trust you. I trust that where I'm at right now, is where I'm supposed to be. And again, I know we got people, all different faith and stuff in here. That translates into pretty much any sort of belief system is when you send a message out there to that says, I am grateful for where I am, and I am thankful that you have brought me along to where I that, that I'm thankful for the journey that I've been taught that I'm thankful for the for the hard times. And I'm thankful for the happy times. And I'm thankful for every moment when you operate out of that, and you and you and you end up putting blinders blinders are like for visual but like earmuffs on your ears, blinders on your eyes to criticism from other people. To not that you're avoiding criticism, see, that's the key. You're never going to be able to avoid criticism. My mom, I was telling her about the criticism that I've gotten. And you want to know what she told me, right? She's my mom, like, she should encourage me not now she shouldn't straight and that's what I love about it. She's always shot straight. She says honey, it's only gonna get worse. It's only gonna get worse. You are only going to get more criticism, the next level that you go. And so for me, it's developing thicker skin, what does developing thicker skin look like for me? And that comes from self love that comes from me working with my therapist, that comes from me, keeping my mindset in order and built not believing what the voices in my head tried to tell me let's I got voices in my head that tried to tell me all the time that I'm not good enough that I'm not performing good enough. I was raised that way. Okay. And so part of it is my drive to succeed I can say comes from that. At the same time, though, is I get to be the one that steering the ship. I don't need to let those voices control my decisions. control which direction that I go in. Okay. And this is the reason why I'm sharing this you might say Well, that's all great Jeremiah, how do we apply that practically? This is the part of the chat GPT helped me kind of like compartmentalize what I was going to share with y'all. The the reason why you want to do this has to do with time management. Everybody's been asking me for years, Jeremiah, what is your time management tactics? I'm committing to this year, I'm gonna have a time management course. I don't know what it looks like. I'm not super organized when it comes to like making calendars and stuff like that. But I have a more of a way of thinking and looking at the world that has helped me become more efficient, to where I can get more done and it's something that I learned from a lot of these top coaches that I've worked with is you have a limited amount of energy every single day and each year You got 365 days, if you take days off on that you basically got about 260 days of time. And if you want to work only five hours a week, that's about 260 to 400 to 500 hours of time a year to work. Think about that. If you spend an hour or two, arguing with somebody on social media, if you spend an hour or two ruminating about what went wrong, what everybody said about you, what isn't working? If you spend a bunch of time overthinking your funnel and analyzing is this going to work out instead of how can I get my funnel finished as quick as possible? Because I think you speed is important in the funnel building stage is to actually get that done fast. In the macro, it'll take you 18 months to reach those goals, I think that the seven figure level, you can reach the six figure level in about 60 to 90 days very easily. Seven figure level about 18 months, because it's re it's re applying the wheel. It's reapplying the process. I just shared a post in the Facebook group this morning, that I think sums this up really well for everybody.

[425:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: turning people into paying customers is a process, not a one pitch phenomenon. That alone right there. How much freedom does that give you. And here's why I say that. Because if you don't close the type of sales you want to on your first live event on your first offer. Realize that it's actually about the second and third and fourth and fifth offer. It's not about being perfect that one time that one shot that one pitch that makes everybody become your customer. It's about it being a process that's sustainable for you. And building trust with people over time, people's people's ability to trust people is limited right now. So we know that it takes multiple interactions to build trust with people, you can get better and better at your sales pitch by doing it to where it'll reduce the amount of time, but you have that limited amount of time, every single year, every single month to execute. Okay. And so what I look at is, how can I best protect my time it? Does that mean? That if somebody tells me, well, Jeremiah, you should be doing one on one call, I had somebody this week, tell me, you know, your 162 members in your Facebook group, you need to be doing at least an hour a month with every single member one on one as part of their coaching? And I'm like, No, that's not gonna happen. It's just not gonna happen. And basically, he was like, well, then, you know, you're you're, you're not serving people. And I'm just like, Thanks for your opinion, right? Because I got a limited amount of time each month for me to personally, one on one, dive in with people. That's why we have a group coaching program with us. That's why my one on one rates are where they're at, because I have to limit the amount of people that can even work with me one on one, because I have a limited amount of energy to pour out to people. And so when we can honor that, instead of fighting it, we start to optimize things and we start to say okay, this thing that used to take me five hours what if I could figure out how to make it take me only five minutes. And this is a question that I always am asking myself. This is why I love artificial intelligence. It used to take me nearly 20 to 30 hours to write a sales letter of work. Then when I discovered Jasper it took me about 10 hours. Six months ago, I got that down to six hours. Some of you might wonder why why I offer one of my I offered one on one coaching as a six hour block. Because I know that in that six hours I can get people to where they needed to be. Now I've optimized it down to just one to two hours. What used to take me 24 hours per client I can do in about two hours now. And I'm working on optimizing that to get it down to one hour, and then 30 minutes. And then when I can get into that stage, my goal is then I want to train all of you guys how to do that. I've been showing you all of that in the trainings and the copywriting mastery, and the offer Launchpad, in the free trainings, how you use chat GPT to come up with your lesson plans, how you use it, to optimize your time, there's no reason to be working harder. When we have tools out there, and there's arguments and debates about, you know, well, what perspective is it coming from? And what is it teaching? And what is it sharing, that's why you got to be the one driving the ship, it only knows the data that you feed it, okay? When you utilize tools like chat GPT to build out your offer copy to create your your coaching, sales pages, to create your even your training, lesson plans and your breakdowns. It can help you tremendously to save so much time for me this morning, I woke up and I was like, Okay, I'm a little overwhelmed. I don't know what I'm going to teach to my group this morning. And I ended about 30 minutes with chat GPT, I was able to come up with exactly what I'm bringing to you right now. And so, the way I see it is I can either complain, whine, get upset, get emotionally triggered, distraught by the fact that now I don't know what to teach to people. I don't know exactly how to structure this, start beating myself up. And they'll come up with reasons why I can't show up today, or use tools that are at my disposal to show up at my highest level. That's a choice. That's a choice to do. And one of the biggest issues that over the last 20 years, and I noticed that people do is they feel this sort of work our obligation. Let me explain what that means. If you're working a corporate job, and you have a salary $60,000 a year, okay. Break down to about $2,500 or about $2,000. a pay period? I don't know if my math is right on that. But yeah. Let's just say for the sake of the example, you're making $4,000 a month working full time. So this is 160 hours right here. What does that break down to hourly? See, if you worked a corporate job, you've done this type of math, everybody does it. They work corporate job. Yeah, making this much a month. That's my paycheck is when my boss pays me $25 Now, okay. So then we enter into the coaching space. And we end up applying employee mindset. And this is not to knock shame or make anybody who works for somebody else feel bad. I was an employee, for most of my career working for these coaches, working for mentors. When I was building my mom's business, I was working for her as an employee, still, it was still an employee relationship. Then when I started my own business in 2018, I still had the employee mindset. And that's the number one thing that I had to break up with in that time. And so the employee mindset is that my value is tied to the amount of hours that I work. And we have a culture and a society today that says that if you make more than that, and that hours compared to what everybody else does, that you're a bad person. And that you should humble yourself, that you should be grateful for making that much that you shouldn't be charging that much that you shouldn't be earning that much. And so this type of belief system in our culture ends up permeating into the coaching business. And then coaches feel like well, I need to work all these hours to be worthy of the paycheck that I want. Right? Because if I want to make 100k Then that means that I need to work the equip Within hours of what somebody normally works to make 100k What if you made $10 million, only working five hours a week, for some of you, you would actually feel guilty that you were able to do that. Because your your sister, or your cousin, or people at church have to work an hourly job. And so then you end up limiting yourself because you don't want to hurt other people. What this is called as this, this is called the crime about shining people. And this is a this is a limiting belief that I had, that I carried for a long time, is that I would purposefully limit myself below the level of where other people were apt to keep myself safe, so that they wouldn't feel threatened by being around me. You know, in my coaching business, if I can make a half a million to a million dollars, and I don't need to do one on one with every single person to somebody who thinks that I should, I'm unethical. But to me, because I've made myself a priority, and designing my life the priority, and made How do I want my business to look a priority, and it doesn't have to look like everybody else.

[585:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I've taken the model and the system that I know that works, that's proven to create results. Now I have to look at how can I help impart this to my clients as best as possible? How can I help shift the mindset of my clients? How can I help not just with the mindset, but give the technical skill sets? And so what does that practically look like? Well, that looks like the members area that we have in our coaching group that looks like these different courses that are pre recorded. And so one of the greatest things that I'll that I'll say is this. That if you're not in the members area, and you're not just pick one, one course, based on where you're at on your journey, if you don't know which course to go through, post it in the group and ask one of the great, one great place to start is going to be this six steps to six figures as a coach course. And then probably the next place is going to be the funnel building made easy for Squarespace, if you don't have a website, to actually put together your landing page to put together your copy, to write all of that, to put all of those pieces together, those two courses right here. If you're somebody that's just you're stuck at that stage of, I need to get something to launch going, those are going to be a great place to help you. If you already have your offer bill, then the Facebook ads Made Easy course is going to be a great place to start. Okay. Here's the thing. We have to be self governing. We have to be self disciplined. We cannot rely on other people to tell us what to do every single day. Some of you as coaches, your clients are relying on you to tell them what to do. As consultants, your clients are relying on you to tell them what to do. Your clients are relying on you to think for them. You're doing people a disservice with that. And that's one of the most controversial things that I could probably say. And that's what I talked about in this podcast episode that I just did is this idea that a we need to be self governing. And we need to expect our clients to be self governing as well. And in this this is about the right way to run a group coaching program is we cannot step into codependency working harder on our clients success than they are willing to work. spending hours and hours and hours of our time trying to make a person do what they should. spending hours and hours and hours of our focus, trying to get somebody to finally do what they're committed to do. Those are the people that you want to drop out of your programs. Those are the people that Do you want to set a line and actually have them be cold out of your programs, and then you start to learn to repel those people in your marketing. Because they may be a buyer in your program, but if they're not willing to actually show up and do the work, and obviously, you're gonna have people that are going to come into your programs, and they're going to do that. But because you have a limited amount of energy every single day, every single week, the way that you're going to make the most amount of money in your business, is by learning to eliminate some of the ways that maybe you've been showing up for certain people in your life.

[652:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, I used I talked about this a lot as Lord, give me grace, and tell me and help me know how to teach this. I've probably gotten the most hate messages for this, this message right here ever is you may be doing things out of commitments and obligations that you've had, that you need to stop doing. And you need to end those obligations. And you need to end those commitments, there may be ways that you're showing up in your coaching business that you need to eliminate and get rid of, and stop doing so much of

[664:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: you cannot be the reason your clients are successful. I'm going to say that again, you cannot be the reason your clients are successful. I am not the reason any of you are successful or can be successful. The reason why you're successful is because you show up because you do the work. I can be a guide that provides solutions that provides a path that shows you a proven methodology. But I cannot be responsible for your output. And when we learn to detach, that I'm responsible for me, but that I'm not there to control you that I'm not there to make you do anything that will help you grow. The type of business that you want to build to where you're not having to work 50 to 100 hours a week. Because what you do is you end up putting systems in place where people are self governing, where people are self disciplined, and where you create a culture of self discipline and self governing to where people aren't waiting for you to tell them what to do next to where people aren't waiting for you to show up for them to be the catalyst for why they took the next step forward. And this is how you actually become a better leader. The worst leaders micromanage the worst leaders are codependent the worst leaders control what other people do. Now it's a little bit different. If you're in a corporate environment, yes, you need to spend time with all your employees and talk with them and work with them. But you do need to get to even if you're if you're even if you have employees not needing to spend 20 hours a week with each employee get to where they're self governing to where you only need to spend five to 10 minutes with them. And they get the same output that another CEO might need to spend 20 to 30 minutes with. What this is, is this is this is shifting you out of an employee mindset to where other people my boss is now responsible for what I do. And if you have that, that mindset and you bring that into coaching you now become the boss to your clients. And that is not how to build a coaching business. You want to think of it as the CEO mindset that you are becoming that Olympic athlete level CEO that's what I want a Olympic level athletes, CEOs of coaching businesses that are trained assassin salespeople that know how to close sales when somebody comes in the door. That's how I would define my mom. That's how I would define Rick Pino. Joshua Giles. That's how I would define myself as an elite Olympic level CEO then knows how to close sales. And then I have everything optimized where it doesn't take more of my time to grow things And this is challenging, because what ends up happening is and some of you your brain might be spinning, you might be thinking, I could never do that. I can't do that. You might even have ethical qualms behind it. There may even be some of you listening to this right now that you are getting angry at me. For what I'm sharing, I don't know, I'm talking about people that are listening to the recordings. This one thing right here is one of the biggest areas of resistance that stops coaches from making six figures, and for making seven figures is trying to be in everybody's business, trying to control how other people are performing. How you guys perform is not my responsibility. I am responsible to bring you the best training, the best coaching. But but it's on you to actually do the work. It's on you to actually show up. It's on you to go through the recorded content. And the big argument behind this as well, Jeremiah, not everybody's the same. We're all different, not everybody is the same, we got different learning styles, I get it, everybody's got different learning styles, show up the way that works best for you. But I would challenge you to start to take more personal responsibility in your coaching business. And to start to discipline yourself to go through some of the some of the courses in the members area. To start to discipline yourself that, listen, I get it. Some of you like the idea of going through a course and that members area makes your skin crawl. Because you you you do better with live training, you do better with setting a time on your calendar to show up and do live training. Here's what I'd recommend set one hour a week or two hours a week. As if it was a live event in your calendar to set apart to go through a training that's in the members area. It's all there the content, the strategies are all there. The other thing that I would challenge you to do and this is this is an even bigger one. I will not be reaching out to every single person in this group, even my one on one coaching clients, I will not be reaching out to you have to make sure that you're doing your business to make sure that you're showing up to make sure that you're doing your job. I don't have the capacity, I don't have the energy, and I have not and I have chosen to not create my life around me showing up to work harder on other people's businesses than they're willing to. And this may challenge some of you. Because what I just said might go against the very core of your being I am not willing to show up for other people beyond the level that I have chosen to show up, even if they demand and require it of me. What I would challenge you with is if if that goes against your very core identity. Ask yourself where that came from. Where was that trained in you? Who taught you that if somebody has a need and you don't want to do it, that you're a bad person for not doing what other people demand of you.

[786:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, there's a there's a lot of relationships like that out there to where the husband or the wife feels like they're not a good husband or wife for not doing exactly what their spouse tells them to do at all times. Those are called controlling abusive relationships. Don't turn your coaching business into an abusive relationship. Don't turn your coaching business into a controlling relationship to where your clients are reiterating the same abuse that you experienced before. That's what ends up happening. I find a lot of times with coaches that if we haven't dealt with certain wounds and certain blocks, we end up literally creating the same scenario that we grew up in the same sense Nereo as that ex spouse, with our clients, to where just because they have a need or demand something of us, or because they would be successful if only we showed up. Here's the thing. Let me ask you this, how many of you right now would be more successful if I just wrote all your copy, build all your landing pages and ran your ads for you? Everybody should raise their hand because you would be? Am I a wicked terrible person for not doing that for every single one of you, some coaches would say, sir. So some coaches would say that I am the most terrible coach for not doing the very thing that you guys need to help you get successful. Let's see the life that I've designed by making myself a priority. That doesn't fit into that. The hours that that would take for me to do that. I've had messages written to me about how, if only you, you could help me with this, then I would be successful. No, but what I can do is choose how I'm willing to show up as a coach, you have to choose how you're willing to show up, you have a limited amount of time, in your day, your energy. That's what your pre recorded content is for, is to help serve people to where you're not able to actually give those hours right there. And as you grow, you might be able to with five to 10 clients, once you hit 50 100 1000 clients, 3000 clients, a lot of the coaching businesses that we build, usually get to about 3000 clients. You can't show up for 3000 people at the same way that's possible with just one person. And what you want to do is you want to actually design your coaching business the way that you would for 3000 when you only have one. So that's backwards to how a lot of people do it. A lot of people start very codependent, I did in the beginning, when they only have one client. And then they have to play catch up. And it ends up creating a lot of hurt a lot of upset people. They're like, well, you used to show up that way, and now you're not willing to. And so that's why setting expectations up front is so important. Reiterating those expectations up front is so important. Let me do that for you right now. If anybody watching this training, has a problem that you think that I can provide input to, by the way, how am I willing to show up the Facebook group? In our Facebook group? I answer questions of people that post now it might take me, especially if I'm having a hard week, it might take me a week to get back to responding. So understand that like don't post anything mission critical that you need tomorrow answered in the group right? Now that sets a clear expectation of you that you know, that it might take a little bit for me to get back to you. But now you're not gonna be disappointed by that. But utilize this group to ask questions to share what you're going through. If you're somebody who's watching this training right here, and you're not asking questions, that's your responsibility that's on you. And I want to flip that then to you on how you run your own coaching business. Whatever you expect of other people is how you will also show up and ask people to show up for you. And so for instance, I expect that when people are in this program, that they will ask questions in the group, when they have questions, they will ask questions on our q&a call. Now not everybody has to that's fine, right? I'm not here to try to control anybody. I'm not here trying to command you of what to do. Like that'd be ridiculous. I'm not I'm not doing that. I'm not working harder on trying to make you do anything. But what I do is I do want to influence you to do what's going to help you what's going to help every single person inside of this group. More than these live calls is the trainings in the members area. I really pour a lot into this content. These trainings. I often I do not and actually will not cover the same content that I teach in these trainings on these live trainings that we're doing. And so in the members area, you have courses on email marketing, running virtual events, working through the six steps In the group, you have the ability to ask questions, and then get a response. And a lot of members in the group are also responding. And so in that, that's how I've designed my life and my coaching business to help serve you guys as best as possible. Okay? And so I want you to now flip this on yourself, what life do you want for yourself? How do you want to design your life? And this is how we're going to end this. And I'm going to take some q&a here at the end. is I want you to imagine what life you want. What does it look like? How much do you want to work? How little do you want to work? I love working, I love grinding. But I also have a limited amount of time to actually do that for people. If I did everything that people demand of me, it would take me hundreds of hours per day. And if you've lived on planet Earth, you know, there's only 24. So we have to develop systems to serve people at the best of our ability, with the time that we have available. And what this does is we're no longer operating out of striving and stress and pouring from an empty cup we're actually able to pour from being filled up, we're actually able to pour from being being at our best. How do you show up at your best as a coach, by designing your life, how you want and making yourself a top priority in your life. By making what you want the most important thing to you? What do I want, I want a life where I take care of my wife, and my son and build a business that impacts people to raise up millionaire coaches. And I want to do that work in only five to 10 hours a week in my business. And then from there, I want to pour that into passive investments. And I want to start to get into technology, movies, video games, I just found a technology this week that allows you to use the same tech as chat GPT to create movies. It blew my mind because that was like You mean I don't need $100 million budget to get some of the ideas that I have out there. That as AI grows now here's the thing, there are some people out there that are gonna lose their jobs because of technology like that. For me, I'm thankful because I have ideas that I want to get out there. I'm thankful because the life that I've designed technology is allowing me to do the dreams that I've always had. And so there might be people out there that say Jeremiah, you're you're a bad person for not wanting to invest $100 million into making a motion picture. Don't you understand how many great workers in Hollywood you have just harmed by doing that? And I can't let those words define me and bother me and make me slip into a hole and say yeah, you know what, I should probably just give up on my dream then. Because I'm not performing at the level that everybody else tells me that I should what life do you want? How do you want to design your life? How do you want to create your life?

[942:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: What does your life look like? When you sit down and you say

[945:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe this is what I'm doing today. But this is what I want

[949:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: we end up at a crossroads right here

[952:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: many of you if you keep going down this path that's going to lead to burnout, striving, struggling doing way more than you should to get little returns and then this path leads to break through the finances that you want working less hours but this path also requires you to Challenge certain beliefs that you have. This path requires you to challenge ways that you've always done things. That's one of the greatest things I love. I laugh when I hear people say, well, that's just how we've always done it. And I say, Well, that doesn't mean you have to always do it still. But just because it's always been done that way. But it's gonna be painful this, see this path is the comfort zone. Some of you your comfort zone, is struggle, is striving. Your Comfort Zone is self defeating. And you'll keep on that path, because that's all you know. Because that's how it's always been the path to your goals that's outside of your comfort zone, which by the way, when you get there, it's actually a lot easier. But it will be painful, there will be challenges along the way. There will be decisions that you need to make that you might have told yourself that even as soon as six months ago, or last month, I would never do things like that. I would never do something like that. And it'll change your life. When you make a decision to say you know what, I'm going to make myself a priority. And I'm going to create the life that I want, instead of doing what everybody else tells me that I should do. And that my friends that's how you build the coaching business that you always wanted. All right. All right here I'm going to take some questions. If you have some questions raise your hands let me know

[994:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna look through see if there's any questions that have come through here. Hopefully this was helpful for some of you. I know it was challenging to Charles Martin

[999:11] Speaker 1: Hey, Jeremiah,

[999:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's up, man?

[999:44] Speaker 1: Oh, man, nothing much man. Just enjoyed your man you're peeking today. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Hey, I got part of my school set up I've been using Clickfunnels funnels 2.0 And you probably know about the problems I've been having and kind of having a hard time uploading things in the coaching ideas you get today is really really good because I've got my classes still building it's still growing and but I was kind of curious, should I use since they have so much trouble on click funnels? 2.0 Should I go to Kajabi or something like that? Because this the problem they're having. They're having problems uploading my videos because I got so many I have like the entire television Kathryn Kuhlman series from years ago, I got the whole television series and I'm putting them for my my students from my school. And I just wanted to figure it out. Is there some because is there something like Rick's set up for his worship Pro that I can set up and just have those videos available for my students?

[1017:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, Kajabi does that and think if ik do that so I use think if ik recuses Kajabi. Yeah, I haven't used the new Click Funnels, but I have heard Clickfunnels 2.0 probably avoid it for now. Clickfunnels 1.0 was great for landing pages and all that. But it's it's expensive for just that, right? Yes. And this once they fix Click Funnels to point out, I think it'll be the best software. But it might not be a year or two before they do. They really should have held back before launching and not have. Yeah. But you know, they they did what they did, they launched an imperfect product they did even what Russell Brunson teaches they even do what I teach. They launched it imperfectly. in the software world, it's like maybe they shouldn't have promised certain features. Right?

[1032:12] Speaker 1: Hey, Jeremiah, on a scale of one to 10 What would you say the ones that you're using? Because when I use yours, it's really easy. And I can go back to the video and watch it. Is it as far as scale of one to 10 on the one that you use and the one that Rick's uses as far as being user friendly as far as uploading videos. Which one would you say is the best?

[1037:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would say Kajabi is more user friendly for uploading the video content. Okay. Okay.

[1039:24] Speaker 1: Okay, and one last question.

[1039:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's just more expense It's about twice the price. Really,

[1040:50] Speaker 1: in comparison to click funnels, how much is how much?

[1041:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's about the same as Click Funnels? Okay. Yeah. Okay.

[1042:33] Speaker 1: Gotcha. All right. Well, that answers my question, sir. Cool.

[1043:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. All right.

[1044:12] Speaker 1: Thank you for your expertise.

[1044:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Anybody? Raise your hands if you got any questions or post in the chat if you want to just post a chat question you don't want to ask just posted in there. I'm here to take a take a couple of quick questions here. I'm Duke. Hello. Hello.

[1050:31] Speaker 2: Yeah. Can you hear me?

[1050:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes.

[1051:14] Speaker 2: Yeah, I have a I have a question in the chat box here that I asked about the theme the themes of Squarespace. What what is the exact team are using and picking the similar team by now? Bedford, Bedford, Bedford? Yeah. Yeah. Can you tie the name? Or show me show me in? Squarespace? I'll

[1057:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: show you here. Yeah. Great question. That's the one that I use as Bedford. So like squarespace.com, here's how you heard.

[1061:22] Speaker 0: And again, the reason why I teach Squarespace and again and not WordPress is it's just, it's it's so easy to deploy, get up and running and start seeing results quickly for brand new people.

[1065:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's also very similar in how you actually build it to WordPress. Yes, cool. So, so what I'll do is I'll create I'll go to templates. Yeah, on the Squarespace site. And then I'll scroll to the bottom of templates and click on looking for templates from an earlier version. So and I use the earlier version, I use Bedford it's probably the closest to to a WordPress site as possible. That's what's funny. In the funnel building Made Easy course I teach you how to use Bedford which is why the same stuff that I show you in this, I'm not showing you it on WordPress, but if you know how to use WordPress, the training will translate pretty well. So I use Bedford because it is that's the closest to a WordPress site. Just start with Bedford and then start to build it out. Okay, all right.

[1081:53] Speaker 2: Okay, so my I have a second question the so I'm going to run the Facebook ad right now. So so I'm, I'm planning so to see my budget for the my marketing advertising. So I've run the free offer. So how much do you think is the maximum for a leap for latest register the email to joining the how mastery courses? Yeah,

[1089:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: great question. Um, how much are you selling your program for?

[1091:54] Speaker 2: I'm selling my program for $1,000. Oh,

[1092:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: perfect. So then yeah, maximum per lead is probably about $20. maximum, maximum per lead. Yeah. I would aim for under $10 for $1,000. Product.

[1096:33] Speaker 2: Under $10. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Thank

[1097:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Yes. Yeah, yeah. And then, um, if you're selling something that's like 297, you probably would try to get leads for five to $10. It's just it's a that's that $1,000 price point is where you can really maximize your profit margins, with the right with the right person. Okay, yep.

[1104:08] Speaker 2: Thank you. Okay, that's great.

[1105:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you because if I moved my existing site built on WordPress to Squarespace, what images graphic Should I ask for? Um you might be able to show your third party webmaster what you're moving and they could they could show you I'm not I wouldn't say vac vector I would look for like JPEGs and PNGs. You if you're on WordPress, you should be able to go to the media library and like download some of the graphics and stuff like that too. They also have it's not going to design it like your site but they do have a function to import a WordPress site. So Squarespace has right here under Advanced import, export and then import from where Wordpress. So it'll move over all of your pages to Squarespace. With one click. Now, they're not going to be styled perfectly, but it does a pretty good job of moving it over. And then you can edit it in Squarespace to readjust it. So I like that if you're using a site builder, though, like Elementor, or visual, whatever, I forget what it was called, when we used to use that, those aren't going to translate as well. So that's where you would essentially have to rebuild the stuff. Here's what I would recommend not moving your whole site to Squarespace. But if you're struggling to build your landing pages in WordPress, I would create a Squarespace site that's just for your offers. And put it at a subdomain of your site, do it like offer dot your website. Having Squarespace will give you a lot more control over your own site. Because it's very easy to make edits and things like that. But that's what that's actually one thing that we that I recommended even in the in the funnel building training is that if you have an existing site, like it's not going to make you much money to move everything over to Squarespace right away, but build out like the one to two landing pages or the funnel, because you could quickly build it in Squarespace and have that be at a URL like offer dot your domain name. The domain name really doesn't matter that much anymore, when it comes to your offers and your landing pages for coaching business, because most people don't find coaches through SEO as much. Now if you have an existing WordPress site, you can link to those offers from that, okay. If you're looking for WordPress coaching, I don't provide it. I don't provide WordPress training. But I show you the struck like if you're looking for technical, I click here to do all that. But I but what I do teach in this course on funnel building translates to what I'm telling you like put the graphic put the image up here, put that there. Let me just show you an example of this in in the six steps to six figures course. Oops, that's the funnel building course. And the six steps to six figures course this past week. I just recorded the training on simple funnels and landing pages. It's an hour long training where I basically I build out my mom's funnel for her offer right here and I build it in Squarespace. Now her site is in WordPress. She's not in Squarespace. She's in WordPress. But I show you how to actually build the funnel out in Squarespace. On this training, we just launched the offer with her. I translated it over to WordPress the next day. And it looks exactly the same over on WordPress, the layout is exactly the same. Between the two. It has the headline at the top. It's got the image, it's got the sales copy. It's got the images on the side, all of that. Now this took me way longer to build this in WordPress. It took me less than 20 minutes and Squarespace. It took me about three hours in WordPress to build this out this way. So for me, again, optimizing my time to spin up offers and stuff like that. That's why I'm showing you how to do that. Where the graphic goes at the top of the page, where the headline goes on the page where the images go, where the text goes, that's exactly the same between the two. You know my offer right here, this is on Squarespace. text at the top of the page, a graphic image images. If you looked at these two, you could probably not even tell that this one was Squarespace. And this one's WordPress. Because the way that the page is actually built, it follows the same structure. So structurally simple landing pages like this are what converts not complexity. All right, Sarita.

[1190:46] Speaker 3: Thank you for taking my question. So yes, I have a new membership, but it's a low cost offer. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on the best way to launch it. Because it seems like a three day event could be a bit much for this.

[1195:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. What is it? What is the low cost offer? What's the price?

[1196:23] Speaker 3: So this is a $27 and they get like two classes two recorded classes a month.

[1198:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. What other offers do you have to monetize your business?

[1199:49] Speaker 3: Well For most of my business has been centered around a membership. That's about $119 a mine. Okay. So one of the things they kept saying is people, you know, my target market couldn't afford it. So I decided to try something.

[1204:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, cool. Yeah, I gotcha. No, actually, you could monetize that with a three day event still. You didn't close down the one night team one, right? Yeah. Okay, good. Because because the basically your profits are going to be from sort of moving some of those people from the 27, end to the 119. And so that actually fits the model really well of a three day or five day event. So that because the idea is that becomes sort of a stepping stone for them. That's actually the one of the most optimal models because here's how I break it down. 120 a month, is $1,428 a year. So that's over that $1,000 A year sort of profit range that you want per client at that level. Now, $27 a month breaks down to $324 a year. So that's about that $300.02 to $300 range right there. So they're their entry level, but they're not a freebie client, but they're getting into your ecosystem, they're learning from you. They're discovering, you know more about what you teach, you're essentially preparing them in that for the $129 level. And then then what you may want to do is raise your 129 to 197. Eventually,

[1226:22] Speaker 3: ideally, I would love that. Yeah, that membership by doing five day challenges,

[1227:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Oh, cool. So you grew that with the challenges? Yeah. So the so the idea would be, is I would still do the challenges like that. And then down sell people on the other one that say they can't afford it. Okay. So we're, it's kind of like you have a follow up to where, okay, we just did the challenge. All these people join the 119. But there's this whole group that didn't do nothing, right. But they still are interested in working with you, I have a whole bunch of those people right now. I'm, like, I'm frantically working to like in the next year, have something that's at that, at that level, it's not going to be nearly what this program is. But the idea is that you do a follow up with them. And what you might do is you might do a one to two day mini challenge for that group. And that could be like even a pre recorded down sell, say, Hey, did you love that five days didn't join the program? I got another two days for you. And so then in that two day you sell them on your 27. Okay, so it's kind of, yeah, so it kind of goes, because you've done five day challenges, this makes sense to you. So people who are like, they're just getting started, they're like, whoa, wait, I need to do five more events. What? It's actually way simpler than itself. So your five day is still kind of your bread and butter, because you know that that's working really well. Are those still working for you?

[1250:00] Speaker 3: They are I have having an issue I think with ever since of course, inflation my conversions have gone down. Yep. Um, so I've been easily able to get about 1500 to 2000 registrations, but the conversion numbers ain't matching.

[1254:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So So again, the five day that's gonna be really like these people. Like, if they get through five days with you, and they have the money and they're committed, they're ready to jump in with you at 119 a month. Like, like, you know that already. So then the idea is those that don't jump in, you could bring them to a one to two day pre recorded webinar. And then those ones, you push them over to a $27 month with the purpose of them eventually coming back up to the level of the 119. Okay. The other side is to tackle the inflation thing is you could do pre recorded one day webinars that tell people to join the five day

[1269:43] Speaker 3: pre recorded webinars to tell them to join the five day

[1270:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, the idea is it's a one or a one day that's what I've been doing that's worked really well because I hit that same inflationary point, too. So so this is how I this is how I'm doing this is I did this right here, plan out your signature course, Saturday, Strategy Session. Pre it was pre recorded, it ran out to people. My call to action at the end of this was to join me for a five day challenge. Okay, so what I did is I am Pre qualifying people at this level. And so this is where I'm actually investing my ads at. And now that I've done enough of these I'm making I'm automating the whole thing to where I might do do five or six of these a month, but they're all running themselves on autopilot.

[1284:47] Speaker 3: QUESTION Because you said this is pre recorded, right? Because it says live two hours. Do you find people

[1286:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a challenge with that? Uh, no, because it was done live at this time. And, and for me, the reason why it says live is I recorded it like the week before. So nobody had ever seen the content before. So it was like brand new to everybody. If I'm running the same one over and over again, I would probably remove live. And I would just say, you know, watch this masterclass or watch the recording things like that. I'm, at the end of the day, and I know your markets a little bit different. It's not internet marketing, I think yours is therapy, right? So yeah, at that point, I will probably let people know like, this isn't live, it's pre recorded. But this is one of the best resources that's going to help you just kind of sell it to them at what that is. And then that's where you might add in a VSL. To this. So VSL is where they could get an interaction with you for a five to 10 minute video that then either drives them to your five day or drives them to your one day is optimizing. How do we sell people to join you at this point, and bring your costs for this down more. Because that will be my goal is for like you said the inflate the inflation as a killer. Bring that inflation down on on your five day. And all of this is going to scale better.

[1308:30] Speaker 3: I'm going to take this in and rewatch this one last question because I knew you were emailing me. So thank you for your patience. I'm in the three day challenge do you talk about or the three day event? Do you talk about what you don't have to tell me now I just want to know what to teach. Because one thing I have been told is that I teach too much. I'm fire hosing people,

[1314:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, yes, yes. Okay, God, that's all I need to know. Thank you. I go, I go into that in the virtual event playbook course, it sounds like you've been having some good success with the virtual events, you can watch the three lessons right here what to say Part One, two, and three. And that'll help. Part of that is what I say is you want to essentially your your five day and your paid offer need to be the same as each other. But the five day is the first step. So the idea is, we have to get to where you're actually not trying to, like, bring the whole transformation to people and the five day, you're just inviting them into a longer journey with you during that five day. And so what that is, is that sort of changing the model just a little bit to where previously, maybe the five day brought a lot of transformation of people. And then they thought they didn't need the next level with you. And so what that is, is when I look at is of the people that are in the paid program right here, okay. And I look at that in this program to this this program, or the people that get into this paid program. What are the questions that I keep getting at the paid level? That's where I stopped teaching on my five day as I stopped teaching, right at the point of the questions that I actually get in my paid program, because if they're still asking the same question in the paid program, they didn't get it in the five day, they weren't ready for it yet. They were just processing the beginning part of that. And so then what you actually get to do is you actually end up serving people better, because you're able to really dive deeper into that beginning level for them over here. And they have even more buy in more desire to jump in over here with you.

[1347:55] Speaker 3: Yeah, sounds wonderful. Thank you so much. Cool.

[1348:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then yeah, in the automated marketing secrets, one, this shows you how to do the pre recorded stuff. I show you on this one, I actually do it on Zoom, and actually do a pre recorded training through zoom, which is really cool. So all right. Looks like there are no more questions going once, going twice. Going three times up, raise my hand. That's funny. Awesome. Well, hey, thanks, everybody for being here. I really love this group. I think it's a great group of people. I've probably had the most naysayers in the last month than any other month I've had, but they're not anybody from this program. It's all people outside of the program, which is funny. But they don't the it's this idea of what I taught you today, we have to take a look at what is the life that I want for myself? How many hours do I want to work? How much energy do I want to pour out, and then you build the business backwards from that vision versus towards that vision. I'll say that, again, you create that vision of that life you want. And then you build from that vision instead of towards it. While staying present in the moment, staying present to yourself, and having self compassion for your capacity and all of that. What's up what Sarita

[1374:34] Speaker 3: just so I know about what's the time block for these? For what are these live sessions?

[1376:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: For these live sessions? Yeah, it's 11. It's 11am. central time, 12pm. Eastern, every Monday, we typically go. So we typically go, it seems like I have allotted for an hour, I think an hour and a half is usually how long we typically go. Yeah, so about an hour and a half. But I make that. So like today was live training day. So I trained for an hour, and then took q&a. At the end, the q&a is more of a bonus on the live training day. Versus next week is all q&a. I'm not doing any training. It's just q&a. So then, from there, it's like, bring your questions to me, stuff like that. Then throughout the week, I also post one lesson from two new courses. So I'm creating new courses throughout the week. So right now I'm creating automated marketing secrets, and six steps to six figures. So I'm adding one new lesson a week to these courses until I finished the course. And then I'll create two more courses. And so the idea is the member, the course members area is constantly growing based off of what this group is asking. And that's why it's such a valuable resource because it's more than like, I'm actually physically walking you through the whole process and all that.

[1400:26] Speaker 0: This time is where we sort of go, bigger picture when we look at, okay, we got the courses over there, there's all that we're building. Everybody's working through the six steps, the six steps are finding your niche. Obviously, a lot of people in here have actually found their niche. Because we've really helped people do that. Great example, when I launched this program, a ton of people didn't know what their niche was. So I really dove into what their niche was a lot. Now we don't have that problem as much.

[1408:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Then the next level is and I think it's for everybody writing your offer, copy your sales copy. Because you can always optimize your sales copy, you can always make it better. For like my mom, great example of this for her for her stocks program. She did wealth wisdom bootcamp, we got literally I think, like 20,000 leads to this offer right here, converted. I think it was close to a million dollars in new sales. Just offer this offer right here. Okay. But this copy is written towards somebody who's living paycheck to paycheck. So what we looked at was the new offer is, is not written to that group of people anymore. We're pivoting just slightly towards people. Let's face it, the sidebar, you can be frustrating one day or up the next year down. People who are actually actively trading is who this offers written towards people who are actually actively looking to generate profits, even if they barely had success struggle. So what we did was we're not trying to reach out to the paycheck to paycheck audience who's just looking for a way to earn some money. We came a little bit caught towards the journey. They've started trading, but they've not had much success. And I have a feeling that this is going to convert to way more sales because of how the copy was further along the client journey right there. And we and we built this off of a survey that we sent out to survey monkey. So my mom sent out a survey to her discord to serve to survey we had a couple 100 responses and based off of those responses

[1436:26] Speaker 0: is what we use to craft the sales copy for this offer. So working on offer sales copy as a big part of what everybody's doing in this program and then building the landing pages building the funnels. Advertising with with Facebook Look at Instagram and Tiktok ads to get people on them. And then the actual selling. And we teach the virtual event model, whether it be a one day webinar, a two day event, a five day a three day. They're all events. Essentially, it's all some kind of an event that people are showing up and they're hearing from you on video. That's just what's converting like crazy in the coaching niche more than anything else.

[1447:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you want to do a free ebook offer, I'm going to be testing this out later this year. The way you do a free ebook offer is you could actually in this Sarita this might be Serena how I say it. Okay, Sarita this might be a good idea for you, you could create an ebook. And and then on the thank you page of the ebook is the invite to your five day. So that might even be another another way of doing that. The idea is you're just you're getting people at a different hook, different level of commitment. But you're still moving those people to join you for a five day deal. And then you might get to the point where I don't know if it is yet or not where this is pre recorded to. And I that's where we want to get to eventually. I did my last one pre recorded my last five day, and it worked great.

[1461:21] Speaker 3: So you don't see a drop in conversions because it's recorded?

[1462:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I saw that there's great question I did initially. That's where it's optimizing your sales pitch getting that really good. Once you got that dialed in, that's when I would move to the pre recorded. Because you end up saying the same thing every time. If you'd notice, you're saying the same thing, then I would move to do it pre recorded. So all right. Awesome. Thanks, everybody. This is great. I feel like this training was really pivotal to help kind of raise this group up to a higher level even. I want to send it out to an email to all the members we have here. I think like if they watch one training all year, I think this one would be a good one. So having a good one, everybody, our copyrighting day will be on Thursday. Thanks everybody for understanding this week. Honestly, it was it was I was devastated for missing and not being able to be there. Because I want to be somebody who makes my commitments. But it was actually a learning experience for me to not beat myself up to not get angry at myself to actually even love myself through failure. Failure to even show up to my commitments, like like, that's, that was hard for me. But I had to even like love myself through that and realize, you know, what, if I lose a few clients because of this, that's okay. And I'm gonna give it my basketball. We'll reschedule the next week. And it's not gonna be an all the time thing. You all know you've been here for a while, like I don't ever miss anything. But now it's like having a having a baby and we're, you know, we want to have two more even. It's like having that life is a little different. So Yep. All right. Thanks, everybody. You guys are the best. Have a good one. Thank you. I'll see those y'all on Thursday for the copywriting. I'm going to make a post in the group too for copywriting. But you can post your sales pages and things like that and as well. Thanks this rocked. Yeah, you have a good one.

