CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2023-04-24T18:46:58.000Z
Duration: 101 min
Otter ID: vjn12TVoPSimKy8M3HacvZigY14
---

[1:47] Speaker 0: All over the Facebook go live in the Facebook group

[7:23] Speaker 0: right here we go

[9:57] Speaker 0: here we go Hello everybody.

[12:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome Welcome, welcome today welcome to our live training today. Let a few people come on here

[16:08] Speaker 0: we have some great things to share with you

[17:41] Speaker 2: some great stuff to share with you

[19:17] Speaker 0: some very exciting things

[23:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: so we're gonna let a few people come on here looks like we got some people in the Facebook group join us live here today is our live training. So I know a lot of people watch the recording to this.

[27:20] Speaker 0: A lot of people watch the recording to this. All right.

[29:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: So like people are coming on. Okay, so I'm gonna go into the end of the training today. And I'll take some questions at the end. Serena, was there something that you needed specifically right now before we start?

[32:49] Speaker 3: No, I just heard you. I'll wait till the end. Okay, awesome.

[34:16] Speaker 0: All right.

[35:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: So my goal in this program is when you're in this program is to help raise you up to the highest level possible as a coach, speaker mentor when it comes to your your income earning ability, when it comes to optimizing your time and efforts, when it comes to simplifying things. And so everything that we teach everything that and we have a lot of new members that are here. So welcome, everybody, we had our jumpstart training last week, if you missed any of that, be sure to log in the two places that we talked about just to just to recap, if you go into the members area, and you go to there should be a course that says Start here. And in the Start Here, of course, it's all this organized, because as you as you open up the different courses in the members area, they

[51:03] Speaker 1: they put whatever the most recent one you looked at was so but when you first log in, it should be the very first one that you see. And it's this start here accelerator course, that, okay, if you're lost, you're like, oh, no, this is all I see. Click on these three lines, any course that's in the members area, click on these three lines, and then you'll find our April jumpstart right here that we just did on Wednesday, you can check that out go through it, I think it was really a valuable time that we spent.

[59:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so if you're wondering how do I find that you can go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. And you can always click on this menu bar right here again, anytime that you see three lines on a website. Those three lines are a menu.

[62:45] Speaker 1: And so I'm going to I'm going to train you all that that's what that is that's that's three lines are a menu on any website or app. I was I was amazed. I guess like only like 30% of people know that about websites is that these three lines are a menu that you can access. So that's what this is that allows you to access that and then you click on a login. And then that takes you to actually log into the members area to get the recorded content to get all of that and so they are the Start Here training. That's our Jumpstart. I'm not going to recap what we talked about on that. But if you're saying hey, I want to start fresh, you know, I believe in.

[72:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's this there's this habit that we have as people that I've been doing this so long and so I should be further along, we end up comparing ourselves to where we should be and we end up getting self critical and feeling like we're not good enough and all of that. And I say anytime you get into that mode. Imagine that you're just back on like if you were starting from day one today. What would you do what where would you focus? Where would you focus your time? And I see that a lot of people they get caught up in this feeling like they're not good enough, they haven't done enough. I've spent all this years doing so much and haven't gotten a result. And

[82:43] Speaker 0: that

[83:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: the best, the fastest way to get around that is to just sort of say, Okay, well, if I was starting from scratch with the knowledge and wisdom that I've learned up to this point, what would I do. And so the Jumpstart training is a great way if you're in this program, or if you're watching this recording, if you're on here live, it's a great way for you to be able to kick start yourself back on track back into gear. And then the six steps to six figures course, is it's kind of like our flagship, Start Here Course, to again, guide you through creating your group coaching program, writing your sales copy, we break down the six steps for you. In here, I'm gonna, you're going to notice I'm gonna reiterate essentially what I just said on almost every single poll that we do, because I want to loop things back to making sure that you know where the resources are, so that there's so that nobody gets stuck, and learn to just do what you can learn to modify things to fit your schedule to fit your life. And I think that's one of the biggest things that I want to share with you today is that I think we can get so caught up in, especially in a program like this, and you would, you're going to be shocked as to what I'm about to say, in a program like this, people get really attached to you okay, well, the leader said to do it this way. So I have to do it this way. And then what I noticed is doing it that way, isn't particularly going to serve the individual person, it might serve their goals as a business. But when I noticed that an individual is building their business, building their coaching business, and 3456 months down the road, no progress. This isn't to be critical. This is actually to have self compassion and to say, okay, what can I modify in the system to gain some progress? What can I tweak and adjust just a little bit. And mainly, usually what it is, is it's simplifying something that you're probably overcomplicating, it's making something easier, that we've built up in our head that we have to do in order to be successful. And so when you watch what I do with our marketing funnels, you can see the marketing funnel that we use, it's the best marketing funnel, for coaches, trainers, and mentors. It's it's the very simple funnel that we break down in all of our trainings, to where you have a a virtual event viewer to pull this up on my whiteboard here, you have people sign up to a free offer. And then you host a some kind of a video, whether it be live or pre recorded, to then sell people on a paid program that you have. And what determines the success of this loop is is essentially, it's really just two things, the sales copy on this page. And I'm going to be talking about that here today to help you. And then what you're actually saying in the sales pitch, to persuade, motivate and influence people to make a purchase. But here's something so crazy again, did you know that you can have the perfect sales pitch, but if you if you're pitching to the wrong people, you won't get the sales you want. You could say all the right things right here. But if it's not aligned with the right people, and you didn't attract the right people, and they're not ready to buy from you, you won't make sales and then you'll say this whole system doesn't work. And so that's why again, the sales copy is the most important aspect. We did this a little bit in my business the last three months. I am always looking at and evaluating and I'm doing the same six steps process that I share with you. So we have one offer that we send people to that's a paid offer. It's the client growth accelerated.

[149:13] Speaker 0: Okay. One offer

[151:27] Speaker 0: we have

[152:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: a couple of different free offers that we put out there to generate leads, but all roads lead to the client growth accelerator. Okay, so this offer doesn't change. Because this is dialed in. We were just adding more to it and proving it over time and making it better. This one however, I'm tweaking adjusting the copy and I made a mistake and it was funny. It's um Most mistakes in sales copy are kind of like a rat poison, because just a tiny mistake can can actually cause a massive impact. Now, don't let that scare you. Because it's super easy to adjust, you're able to notice where you made the mistake, based off of the feedback loop that you get from people you want to you want me to tell you what the mistake that I had made was, and I evaluated all of my sales copy offers that were generating the most sales for us. And then I evaluated the last three or four campaigns, that the sales numbers were still really good and profitable, but they weren't where I wanted them to be. And I noticed something. And the ones that did really well, I talked a lot about making money making six figures, that was the main focus of every single in the sales copy that I put into our most successful offers. And I started getting a lot of feedback from people that they wanted me to stop making everything so much about money, to stop talking about money, so much to focus more on impact to stop being such a greedy bastard, essentially. And what was funny is subconsciously, some of that ended up getting into my head, and I ended up editing my sales copy. And I went back and looked at it. And I mentioned money almost not even once the last campaign round that we did on our sales copy. And it's very funny, I got the most nasty messages from people telling me that they were appalled that I even presented the idea that you would charge money for coaching and mentoring for people that they were appalled that I would even think it's okay as a human being to charge people money for the very thing that I do in a business, and so I'm like, Okay, how did I attract all those people? Well, I go and look at my sales copy. And a lot of my sales copy was geared towards have more impact, find the right people do the right things. And so I'm literally attracting the person who is the worst possible fit for my coaching programs. Now, we still closed sales, because the right people joined up, and it was great. And the sales pitch was excellent, and it's profitable. But I'm like, okay, pivot, I gotta I gotta adjust that language, to be very, very clear that this is for people that want to make a significant amount of money. They want to increase their income to a quarter million to a half a million dollars a year. And that the financial aspect of what I'm teaching and mentoring in my free trainings, that if if increasing finances or charging money or if you're a nonprofit, where you don't want to make a profit, and you only want to make an impact, that you're probably not a good fit to join our trainings. And here's why how do I know that somebody's not a good fit if I'm getting a bunch of just angry emails from people something was often our targeting. Now we use actually the same exact targeting that we've been using for the last six months, the same look alike audience, but the algorithm because the language on the landing page was specifically geared just 10 to 15% off target towards people that really didn't want to make a lot of money but they wanted to learn how can I be a world class speaker? How can I make an incredible presentation how can I just wow my audience with my virtual events? How can I how can I shift the room with being such an incredible speaker but I don't want to make a single dime from it. I don't want to make any money because I believe that making money is a horrible thing and that capitalism is evil. And that's what I ended up attracting was people a lot of people who have that mental perspective I ended up going even looking at some of their social media a lot of people talking about how all the all the dirty rotten rich people in the world are evil all the how money is evil, how we should never make money how all this type of stuff was a lot of their content on their social media. So I'm like okay, let's take a look at the sales copy what was on it was just a couple of words that were off as I ended up using words like attract the right people do the right steps.

[232:17] Speaker 0: Instead of attract

[234:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: highly converting highly profitable people. See the difference in language, the word right versus highly profitable

[237:32] Speaker 0: segments out

[238:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: who I'm most likely going to work with and and a couple of months prior In January, extra, probably not in January, but in December, November, October, September, we used a lot of that language become highly profitable, make a lot of money, make six figures. And I slowly started pivoting away from that because of the opinions and the nasty messages I started getting. Like I had a lot of people that they wrote me, they're like Jeremiah, I thought you were a man of integrity. And you prove to me that you are vital, because all you care about is money. And I got I got so many messages, it started to actually weigh on me, I had to talk with my therapist about this. And so and subconsciously, it started affecting my sales competition. Sorry, affecting our offers. And then it started affecting the feedback loop we got. And then it started affecting the people that we attracted. And it's nobody's fault. But my own the system did exactly what the system was supposed to do. And so this is why when I talk to you about make sure you got your mind, right, make sure that you're focused on the right things. Make sure that you are are not trying to please everybody, this isn't just because I'm trying to be a jerk. And I don't care about people, I have so much compassion for people. My heart is so wide open to help as many people as possible. And those of you that know me know that. And so I'm seeing okay, I was, I ended up pivoting, because my natural Mo is to actually go towards people pleasing that I have to intentionally stop myself from going in that direction. If I want my business to be profitable. I talked to my mom about this, she's like, Yep, and that happens. My mom was like I did the same thing. 15 years ago, same thing wondered why the campaign didn't convert, found out, I was tiptoeing around the money issue, because so many people got angry about it. And so go, and this has nothing to do with religious background either. Most of the people that were saying this, I don't think that they were religious at all. And so what's important is to align your sales copy in two places. And we do have a really good training on this in the members area, in the landing page, blueprint course, and the landing page blueprint course.

[281:00] Speaker 0: Lessons wanted to

[282:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: hook your audience with a headline, and tell the story of your prospect back to them. These two lessons, they break down the most important part that I believe of every landing page, whenever we do, we did a a copywriting call copywriting and rewriting about a week and a half ago, and it was incredible. And and these two aspects are the most important part of the landing page that really determines who are you going to attract? Who is going to show up, this is what determines how well your offer converts. Now another thing that I have to say is

[292:42] Speaker 0: we have to

[292:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: not be so attached to the vision or particular version of our life and future that we expect demand and require for things to go. Let me explain what that means. Particularly in your marketing campaigns, you know, big picture. And to be honest, like I have a lot of vision and ideas for my life. technology's changing all of those, you know, I've talked about my idea for video games, making video games, it's a passion, it's an idea that I I'm starting to pursue even more I'm starting to play around with chat GPT to put together some, you know, I put together a baseline first person shooter game engine with chat CPT this past week, just to play around with it, have some fun, I'm starting to go in that direction. But I'm noticing the way that technology is shifting. And so my vision is even shifting and changing over time. I'm excited to teach my son Halston about using AI to develop video games and movies and media to impact the world with an incredible messages. So but I hold on to that vision with an open hand. That's a long term vision for me that I want to I want to have incredible artists and writers and people to work with. But I'm noticing the way that AI is changing the entire media industry. So I want to start to use these AI to be able to tell some different stories. Why am I sharing this with you? You're like that's not relevant to me. It is relevant completely because what we end up doing is is we end up being very attached to When we launch a marketing campaign of how we expect it to go, how we want it to go. And this especially can happen if you've been in the internet marketing space for years, and you've struggled to have success, you put a lot of offers out there, you've spent money on ads, and they didn't convert, they didn't produce results. There's two sides of this one. We have to learn to let go of the past things that didn't work, learn from them, but not be so attached to them that we become disappointed and upset. And we try to make things that didn't work happen, what I look at as I have I have zero emotional attachment to if a campaign didn't work for me, if it didn't produce the result that I want, because all I'm looking at is what can I learn from this to improve it to make it better? It's all an experiment. It's all a test. Okay, I'm looking at some notes here that I have, I wrote down a whole bunch of notes here this morning. But we have to let go of when we launch a campaign. And it might not work out this, needing it to go our way and feeling disappointed and upset that it didn't instead, let's take a look at okay, who do we attract. This is why the feedback loop is very important. This is why having feedback from attendees from registrants is very important. And one of the best feedback is if nobody showed up to your virtual event, that's feedback that there's a lack of alignment in your in your offer, that it wasn't a big enough pain point for people or they didn't trust that you were going to actually deliver on what was promised. And oftentimes, this comes from the storytelling and the hook. And there's a lack of alignment in the messaging. And it wasn't specific enough. It wasn't bold enough to supplement what I'm talking about right now. And I'm going to then I'm going to teach this with you here. I also did a podcast episode this week, that really dives into this topic, specifically mastering client acquisition niching down strategies for coaches. And this is a 26 minute training that I did and I use my whiteboard. So the video version is worth watching. But I broke down it was a it was a it was a high level training that I would say is for every single person who's in the accelerator. This training is really good episode number 213 on the podcast. If you don't have time to watch the podcast episode, I also had chat GPT turned it into an article for you can probably read this in about five minutes. Where's the article is over at my blog over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. I use AI to generate my thumbnail image to I'm working on using AI for every single aspect of my business. Okay. And so what I break down in this is that you have to understand specifically the client profile

[369:32] Speaker 0: that you're going out there to reach

[370:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: who is the exact person that you can deliver results to. And who is also going to be a buyer with you in your program. And what you want to do is you want to find not just a person that needs what you want, this is one of the worst things that you can do as a coach is focusing on Well, there's a need in the market. So I'm going to fill it that's a great thing as a coach, if you don't want to make any money. If you want to actually make some money, you can't focus on Okay, need in the market, I'm gonna fill it. And this is really bad business training that turns into memes and social media posts and stuff like that. That is a a side note. I would recommend a lot of y'all not be scrolling the newsfeed on your social media that often. Unless you're looking for paid ads, unless you're looking for ideas for like Funnel Hacking. Here's why. There's a lot of negativity on social media. Everybody's got a different opinion. And I made a post about this yesterday is we end up letting people on social media gaslight us out of the very thing that we're called to do. Because we see a post that somebody made that might be completely directed to somebody else, but we ended up taking it on taking it personally and applying it to our situation. And so while social media is great social media is a great way to find your clients. It's not as a business owner, the best place for your brain to hang out is scrolling the newsfeed and if you want to learn more about the science behind the newsfeed and all of that there's a great book pulled in distractible by a man, his name is near il in distractible, how to control your attention and choose your life. So he wrote a book called Hooked, which hooked is all about how to create habit forming products. And a lot of social media uses what this book is. He then wrote another book about how to basically break the habit of mindless scrolling on social media. And I made this post because the other day, there was a guy, I don't know who he was, he was a copywriter, he essentially made a post that said, if you are, if you claim to help coaches 10x their income, it's proof that you are a fraud, have no experience, have never spent a single day in sales and marketing and don't know what you're doing. And so, previously, I could have let a post like that get into my head, as untrue as it is. That's his opinion, that's his perspective, not only to go out there and fight him and prove my position and all of that. But we need to not let other people's opinions about what we do in our business, change our business decisions. Okay, that goes right back to what I talked about the sales copy, I had all these people giving me their opinions

[422:28] Speaker 0: about

[423:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: talking about money, putting six figure in the in the thing, I'm turned off by you putting six figure in there. You know, when are you going to stop talking about making six figures, I know that that's what you do, but I don't want to make any money.

[427:52] Speaker 0: Okay. And so,

[428:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: we got, we got a choice to make, we have to become tossed to and fro by the opinions of everybody who's on social media tossed to and fro by the opinions of our family, our friends, what the government is doing whatever. Or we can learn to say, okay, you know, what, I have solid confidence and belief in what I'm doing, I'm going to test this out, I'm gonna prove it. Even if other people disagree with me, even if other people think I'm wrong, even if other people bring me multiple mountains of evidence for why I'm wrong. By the way, even with evidence, you don't need to change what you're doing. You don't need to change. You know, I had I had somebody bring me mountains of evidence as to why I should do that.

[439:55] Speaker 0: Thanks for your opinion. Thanks for your opinion.

[441:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we have to have that type of attitude and self belief, self esteem and self confidence to our even when people come at us. Now, this isn't to say that I don't take opinions. I have select people in my life, mentors, coaches, people that I look up to that I take their opinions, and I take it seriously but not a random person on social media. And so if we're scrolling social media, don't let social media shift your business in a direction that is not profitable for you, simply because you saw an opinion from somebody about what you should be doing. Okay. That's one of the that's one of the biggest things that I would encourage you, encourage you in, okay.

[455:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: So back to the sales copy. Your sales copy has to resonate with not just people you can deliver deliver results to not just a need that's in the market. This is how we are how I ended up getting off on that social media tangent here is because there's a lot of opinions out there if you know find a need and fill it if you find a need and fill it you'll have a business. It's not always the case, you need to find a need fill it. And particularly find people that are willing to make a financial investment into having that need salt. This one aspect right here changes everything.

[466:32] Speaker 0: It changes everything.

[467:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because if there's a need that's out there in the marketplace, but your sales copy and your ads and your storytelling and your marketing are not geared specifically towards who is going to actually purchase from you who is going to actually spend money with you who actually has expendable

[473:59] Speaker 0: income

[474:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: to make an investment with you. This is one of the most important aspects. Alex or Mozi also talks about this in his 100 million dollar offers book. This is one of the biggest aspects that we look at in every single coaching men touring and speaking business? Is there a segment of the market that is willing to throw a sum of money? At the problem to save time, shrink timelines? And then how can I find those people specifically, with my sales copy, even if it alienates an entire segment of the market that I could help could solve the problem for that needs what I offer. See, there's a whole segment of coaches out there that could benefit from what I offer. But if they don't resonate with my message about increasing your income, and they start demanding that I stopped talking about making money. And then I start paying attention to that, because I'm like, Well, there's a need in the market. That turns into my business, going under, that turns into my business, no longer being a business and becoming a nonprofit, that turns into my business now becoming a mechanism that cannot sustain itself. Because it doesn't have enough cash flow, to keep operating. Okay. And so as business owners, as coaches, as speakers as mentors, you need to make sure that you have enough cash flow with a Profit Mechanism to keep the doors open to allow you to run paid advertising to allow you to keep testing and experimenting, different offers. If you don't, you don't have a business, you have a extremely time consuming hobby. That makes you feel smart. That's essentially what it is. That's probably the harshest way to put it. But it's true, is if you're if you don't have a Profit Mechanism in your business, that helps finance your testing your paid advertising, you have an extremely time sucking hobby that makes you feel smart, but also validates to you that this business is just too hard to make work. And so if that's your belief system is that this business is just too hard to make work. And nobody wants to buy it from me and all of that, you want to know what solves all this. Changing up your sales copy. I know it sounds simple, but that's what it is.

[522:04] Speaker 2: And the best way to

[522:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: build out your sales copy is by using artificial intelligence tools. Now this week, a company called forefront.ai, which I actually found out if you do some research into forefront.ai, they have a really cool platform. And Jasper AI, they're right here as one of their customers or clients. So it's copy AI. So they are a competitor to open AI. And what they are actually offering people is forefront chat, which is a completely free access to GPT. For for a limited time, I'm sure what are they doing with the data? Well, I'm sure they're taking your data. So don't put any sensitive information in there. But they're using it to train their models so that they can compete with open AI. And so if you go in here, you just make a free account. This is not officially open AI. So if you have an open AI account, your login is not going to work here. This is a different company, forefront that I and I'm not sure how long this is going to be open for. But for right now it's free. If you make a free account with them. You log in here and you go to the bottom here it says models and personas. And you change the model to GPT for and then depending on what you're doing. See I tested out email marketing writer, Expert blog post writer helpful assistant helpful assistant is kind of the baseline. But if you want it to serve help you write sales letters or things like that, what I do is you click this create a persona. You know, you could do computer programmer, if you want it to help you come up with code, things like that. But it gives you access to the GPT four engine for free. Write a sales letter for online coaches to make more money with paid ads in the tone of Sandy Gronkowski. And it'll use GPT four to help you come up with the sales copy. This is the actual GPT four engine, how are they giving away GPT? Four? Well, what they have is they have access to the API. And so they are footing the bill paying for every single user's usage of GPT four and so this gives you free access to use it until they I'm sure they're going to charge for it. I'm sure they're going to close this up. But for right now this this if you don't want to pay for chat GPT plus. Plus it also limits you this gives you unlimited access right now to the GPT for engine to write your sales copy by you is a chat dot forefront AI so make sure to check that out at least until they close it up otherwise upgrading your your open AI account, your chat GPT account to be able to be chat GBT plus paying $20 A month is worth it to give you access to the GPT four engine. Okay? Now I'm not gonna be talking about chat GPT right now, because I got a lot of training about that in the members area, we have a whole course that we put together on that, we got a whole chat GPT download document with the best prompts that we're using to come up with sales copy, what I want to talk about is the two biggest aspects for your sales copy that affect your paid advertising, and affect your ability to attract the right clients. And it has to do with

[572:59] Speaker 0: the hook, headline and the story and your ability to tell your customers story back to them.

[577:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: More than anything else, this affects your paid advertising. This affects what you say in your ads, this affects who is actually going to show up to your offers, this affects what you're going to pay for your offers. By the way, cheap leads isn't always a good thing. I would rather pay $10 for a lead that's going to convert to a sale that's aligned with me than $3 a lead that I'm gonna need at least five times as many leads Can I explain that math to you? You might not understand how that works. Let me let me explain this. So that's how chat GPT explain it. Now I'm not gonna chat to you, but to explain I'm gonna show it to you. On the surface, a $3 lead or somebody opting in sounds great, right? And a $10 lead sounds like a failure. But this is why you have to extrapolate it out further beyond just the surface level of cost here. When I get a $3 lead, if it takes 20 of these leads to convert to a sale.

[597:47] Speaker 0: Okay, that is

[599:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: no 200 that is $600 a sale Okay? At $600 a sale, if I'm selling a $2,000 product, that's that's about three and a half times return on your investment.

[603:35] Speaker 0: Okay? A $10 lead

[605:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: may see what the average usually number this is a $10 lead.

[610:36] Speaker 0: might only need 30 leads to convert to a sale.

[612:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's $300 a sale. If my product is $2,000, that breaks down to it's about six and a half times return on investment. Would you rather make three and a half times your ad spend or six and a half times your ad spend?

[617:04] Speaker 0: That's not a trick question.

[618:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: But it's $3 leads no

[619:18] Speaker 4: it

[620:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would rather have all day better, more aligned leads that cost three to four times as much. Because my return on investment is higher because it takes less leads to turn into a sale. Because I have to convince less people of what I'm talking about because they're already have buy in, they're already looking for it. I have to weed through way more people.

[627:25] Speaker 0: By the way out of this you might still only have

[629:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: one or two people show up to your virtual event with the same cost. But you might have four times as many leads you might have 500 leads for this one, you might only have

[632:36] Speaker 0: 100 for this and the same 20

[633:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: People are still going to show up because that same 20 People found the value in what you're offering. And so what determines all of this

[635:47] Speaker 0: it's the hook

[636:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: and the story.

[637:31] Speaker 0: Let you put on the landing page. So if I take a look at one of my landing page Aegis.

[640:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is a new offer right now we just launched it last night. And I modified it coaches, speakers and mentors, I removed course creators and trainers by the way. Because I'm finding it's just a different group of people that I'm looking to work with is really coaches, speakers and mentors, either future or present, that want to start bringing in 20 to 40k a month by getting ready to buy high paying clients onto their list. Okay, in the world of online coaching businesses are growing email list is the most significant indicator of financial success, consistently adding new subscribers. It's hard to think of a more vital activity. But let's be honest, growing your email is probably one of the most overwhelming and taxing parts of your business. What if there was an easier way, that's what we're here to do is to show you a faster, more enjoyable and fun way to add subscribers. And not just anyone, people that convert to sales. So I ended up editing this copy to add a lot of this in there to make sure that it specifically is speaking to that group of people. So the most important part of your landing page that affects your ad copy that affects how people sign up. who signs up? Who shows up. That affects your cost per sale, not just your cost per lead. So we have to actually evaluate, okay, cost per sale, how much did I spend, how many sales did I get, because lead costs can be very deceiving. Now, that's not to say that cheaper leads is always bad, it's not. As you get things dialed in, you'll end up getting leads for about $5.

[667:18] Speaker 0: So that's what we get ours for.

[668:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: But this portion right here, the headline portion, and even the title of your virtual event. And then this is what I call the storytelling portion. Up to the point where you talk about who you are what you've done all of that, what you're doing is you're painting a picture in the mind of your target prospect as to what the future end result that they can look forward to looks like. And so that's the most important part of this and chat GPT can help you come up with this. What we have to start to get specific on is the outcome that we deliver in our business. And we have to become bold enough to express the outcome. Okay. And there's some prompts that we can start to use to do this. I'm still playing around with a few of them. But ones that I've landed on.

[683:56] Speaker 0: Very specifically, are

[685:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: me see if I can find this here. Because I was playing around with this the other day. Here we go. I was doing this for one of our members in the group.

[690:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you usually Oh, no, I did add it to the chat GPT document actually, let me go find it. I added it the other day. It's a two step prompt process.

[694:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: There we go. outcome results generator

[695:29] Speaker 0: for sales copy.

[696:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is the ultimate outcome? For someone who works with the coach for the a webinar above? Imagine some outcomes for these and then you'll want to replace this with? who your target customer is. This replaced with the type of offer. So if it's an ebook, you'll replace that with ebook. Depending on what type of offer create a fictional narrative that may have some potential future results get really specific as to the changes and results that may occur. Even if there's no proof for these things. generate some fictional ideas of what someone who might attend this or you can say how someone will consume your offer if the challenge is put that if it's a seminar

[710:17] Speaker 2: may experience

[710:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then I have another prompt based on that because it usually doesn't get it the first time. Can you dive deeper into the outcome and explain what type of person mentioned about what the type of person mentioned above was able to accomplish and achieve as a result, really dig deep into the future outcome and cast vision for the future life experience and achievements. They will have not what they may have but what they will have. What we're doing is we're telling chat GPT to ascension Usually invent and fabricate a potential future for our target customer. And what this does is really cool is that we circle this right back into writing our sales copy. And this creates really strong powerful hooks and titles for your offers. To where you're actually promising a specific outcome, grow your six figure group coaching email list the fun way,

[728:48] Speaker 0: promised outcome.

[729:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: start bringing in 20,000 per month, by getting ready to buy high paying clients onto your email list that has a future promised outcome of somebody who comes into our ecosystem, future promised outcome. Okay, so that's the first part is you want to make bold, courageous promises that cast a vision for the direct future. And you want to mirror the exact words using the exact language of your target client. And this is why the feedback loop is so important. Is getting feedback from people who sign up for your virtual events, tells you exactly the words that that type of person uses to communicate what their desires are. And as people, as humans, when we read sales copy, when we see an offer that uses the same words that we use to describe our problems and our goals. It energetically connects with us because we say, Oh, well, that's exactly what I've been looking for. Oh, wow. That's exactly what I wanted. And so you want to mirror the exact type of words and language. What I've noticed that a lot of speakers mentors and coaches do is they have a specific framework, language, and way of saying and describing things that they've developed as like a proprietary methodology and ways that they do stuff, even I have stuff like this. Your target prospects out there have no clue about any of that, and you just look like an idiot trying to pretend like you're more smart than them by parroting your special, unique language to people that have no idea what it is. And so what you have to do is you have to bring yourself down to the level of somebody that has no clue what you do. There has no idea what you do and explain it in a way that specifically resonates with how they would explain what you do for people. And that's where having the feedback loop is so important. How do we facilitate the feedback loop? When people join our virtual events, we have them join a facebook group. And there's questions in the group that ask, what is your biggest struggle? What would you like to learn? We bring those words back into our sales copy, and we create our offers. And we inject that into repeating to the market, what they already said they want back to them, even if it doesn't align with what we want to do with people. And this is an unlock for some of you right now. This may also be very offensive to some of you, but I'm okay with that.

[775:30] Speaker 0: Hey, can you repeat what you just said? What is your greatest struggle? And then what did you say right after that?

[776:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is your greatest struggle? And what would you like to learn from me? Okay, you as a coach, mentor or speaker you may have now you might, you might only have one topic that you talk about. That's that's fine. But I can promise you that that one topic has 20 to 50 sub topics that you could talk about. Okay, what's cool is chat TPT can help you kind of figure out what some of those subtopics are. Oftentimes, whatever your one topic that you do is, if it's not converting to sales, you'll want to find a sub topic and gear into that and have chat CPT come up with what those subtopics are. So like, for instance, I'm just going to show you how to do this. I'm going to use forefront AI to do this just to show you guys how significantly powerful this free version is right here. If I coach people who are other coaches, speakers and mentors, on how to grow their email list, I'm actually changing my value proposition on my website this week too. We help coaches speakers and mentors. Use direct response, copywriting and paid advertising to an artificial intelligence to get their dream clients something like that. I forget what it was I send it to my wife. It's about like Now we're figuring it out growing their email list with direct response copywriting and oh yeah, irresistible offers, that's what it was. What are and I do this constantly what are 20 sub topics that I could talk about that might find potential clients for me

[808:29] Speaker 0: and GPT for gave up. Let's try it again. Sometimes it does this There we go.

[811:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: If it doesn't work, just try again, the importance of direct response copywriting crafting an irresistible offer building a targeted email list. writing compelling subject lines personalizing personalization techniques, a be split testing, utilizing storytelling to captivate and persuade users, creating strong call to action that drive results, segmenting your email list for tailored messaging, leveraging social proof, and testimonials. So these are as these are all topics that I could talk about right here. The more experienced you become, as a coach, you're going to find like, you probably have 100 to 200 topics you talk about all day long.

[820:57] Speaker 0: But here's the problem.

[821:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Just because you think a topic can help people doesn't mean that that topic is going to be profitable for your marketing. I'm gonna say that again, just because you have a topic as a coach, speaker, mentor, course grader trainer, that can help people. Does that mean that that specific topic is going to be profitable for your marketing to actually acquire a client? Okay. So what we want to look at is, what are the one I like, I like the one to five, what are your top one to five topics, that every time you talk about it converts to sales like crazy for you. And you might say, I have no clue what that is? Well, you're gonna figure that out with the feedback loop based off of what are people asking you for help with becoming relentlessly curious as to? What are the one to five topics that not do? This is why this is why this might get a little offensive? Not what do I want to share with people that can help them not what is birthing inside of me that I can impact people with? But what does that group of people want, and desire more than anything else, even if I have 50 to 100 other topics I could talk to them about I'm gonna hone in on that top one to five, that they really want, based off of the feedback loop that I get from people to deliver and give to them what they want. Because when you give people what they want, it converts to a sale. In your business, if you're going out there, just parroting Well, I have all this great information that I want to give you and I can help you with this. And I can do that. Nobody cares, I get that that's you're passionate about that. And I'm sure that you're an incredible coach, and you can help a lot of people and you can bring massive impact to their lives. But if nobody actually is asking for the thing that you want, and they're saying, I want to invest money into that thing. And how do you know how they're going to invest money because you end up serving specifically, this is why we have paid VIPs This is why I have people join a facebook group, even though I don't like using Facebook groups. A free Facebook group is because it's a barrier of entry that requires a couple of hoops for people to jump to. And so what that does is it weeds out the people that aren't serious. So I end up then listening to and being able to hear and understand what are the main desires, the top one to five to create my offer based off of and then I reverse engineer that back into a desired outcome to create the hook that goes on our offer to create the sales copy that goes in there and then we end up telling the customer and clients story

[875:39] Speaker 0: back to them.

[876:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: We end up reiterating the story of our customer and client back to them.

[878:48] Speaker 0: In this segment right here

[879:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: using the exact words that they use. I've had more people tell me that growing their email list is the hardest part of their business, that it's not fun that they hate it. But it's also one of the most vital parts of that. Whenever I target an offer around growing an email list, it ends up converting to clients. For us. It's great. It does well, but I have to make sure that I'm actually connecting emotionally around. What does the target client want? What does the target customer want? How do I specifically tell their story back to them? And essentially, it took to the outside party, they they're like, how do they know that? How did they know that? I'm dealing with that? How did they know that? I'm struggling with that? Well, it's, it's it's mainly just pattern recognition, when you end up working with a group of people with enough people. With a large enough group of people, you're able to figure out what do people want? What are their desires, and then you end up delivering that to them. And this is one of the biggest parts of your coaching business is crafting your coaching business around what people are actually asking you for. You might have a great message, you might have a number of things that you could help people with. But if people aren't actually asking for it, you'll lose money in your paid advertising. And how do you know what they're asking for again? See, there's so many ways we could just throw up our hands and say, Well, I don't know what they're asking for. So I'm just gonna give up. It's part of the process to go out there and find those people and listen to them and pay attention to what people are asking for. And to start to become curious about a segment and a group of people to learn, what do I not know about this group of people right now. So that then I can create better offers, deliver better results and ultimately attract paid clients in my business. Okay. Now, the last thing I'm going to share here, and I'm going to go into some q&a is no matter how aligned your offer is, you're always going to have naysayers you're always going to have negative people I saw post, some of y'all might not know who he is. Ray Ray Dalio is a very reputable investor, business owner, hedge fund manager that writes books that are very accurate about the economy, about his principles right here. And yet when he makes social media content, because he, he actually has a team and he records content and he makes little videos just like this. That's how he gets people to read his books and his message. He gets negative comments calling him a fake guru that has no track record. His net worth in 2023 was $19 billion. And yet people call him a fake and a fraud and say that he has no clue what he's talking about constantly. And I saw this the other day, it was on Twitter. Over on Alex her moseys

[937:23] Speaker 0: Twitter account.

[938:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: By the way, I love Alex Rosie's content, a lot of what he teaches is very much in alignment with what we teach here in our program.

[939:47] Speaker 0: He said right here. Where is it?

[941:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: You saw a clip of an old white guy giving financial advice. getting bashed for being a fake Guru, the old white guy was Ray Dalio, the nice reminder that you will never be so good at anything that you avoid hate from ignorance, strangers. It's a price of entry, not a punishment. And so realize that no matter how aligned your offer is, no matter how. And by the way, what's Alex or Mozi ever done? Well, he's built multiple businesses, to over $100 million in this space that we're in right now the information space. And so, realize that no matter how aligned your offer is, you're always going to have naysayers and negative people that are going to have opinions that are going to spew their negativity at you that are going to try to pull you down and convince you that you're not good enough. And so you have to get to the point where this isn't about being somebody that is not open to criticism that is not open to feedback. Like I hear that from people oh, what so you're not open to feedback from anybody what an asshole. Like people tell I'm like, No, that's not the case. I love feedback from people, I actually probably love it a little bit too much. And I have to train myself to not let the opinions of complete ignorant strangers I love how he worded that ignorant strangers, their hate that they spew, to try to drag me down to their level just because they think that I shouldn't be doing what I'm doing. Just because they think that what I'm offering is bad or harmful, or whatever it is, I get messages from people that tell me that what we teach here is, is one of the greatest harms to humanity, that what I just taught you today was that's their opinion, and their worldview has validated that to them. I can't let that now I gotta readjust what I'm doing to just please those people. So you're never going to get to a place where you're successful enough, good enough, have enough of a track record that people shut up and stop doing that, it actually just ends up getting worse, the more success you have. And that's where we have to have thick skin, we have to not allow the opinions of other people to run us. And to control what we end up doing. Have a small group of people, a mentor or a coach, some people that you look up to, and here's where I pay attention to their opinion, have they done what I'm wanting to do? Successfully? Okay. I'll look into that opinion, when my mom tells me, hey, you know, maybe you could have worded that a little bit better, I take it seriously, she's First off, my mom is like the queen of speaking her mind and putting controversial stuff out there. And so she's telling me, okay, you could have done that a little bit better, I'd take it to heart, because she understands how people are and how they might understand something. But if it's just some random person on social media telling me that my message is the scourge of humanity, like, I'm not gonna let that bother me. Now, unfortunately, I just be honest, be honest with you all. It has bothered me in the past, and it has affected me. And this is a huge area that I've been working with my therapist on, is to not let the opinions of other people that that, that accuse and hurl accusations and negativity to not allow other people to convince me that I'm not good enough to convince me that I should stop doing the very things that I know how to do and to question who I am and what's inside of me. And so that, again, I'll just I'll just be honest with you guys here. Because that's honesty's the best policy. I struggle with that. But I'm getting better every single day. And I'm getting better every single week at this. And the reason why I say this to you is it'll it has such a dramatic effect on what you do. If you're going to write sales copy in one way, because you're afraid of offending a certain group of people. But then writing it in that way, makes your sales less you got to work on worrying about what people think about you or your sales will hurt. That's essentially the the reason why I'm saying this is because you can end up crafting your offer crafting your sales copy in a way that will not convert to sales simply because we're trying to defend ourselves against one or two ignorant strangers on the internet. And we can't let that get into our head. Okay. All right. Um, see, we got a couple people with their hands raised Dorothy

[1016:47] Speaker 2: Hi, hi. Hi, I'm getting ready to do my first event which is starting tomorrow. And I bought three one hour events, teaching yoga, introducing style of yoga to people and then a two hour Saturday, which was requested specifically Okay, yeah. So

[1022:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: we've been working on this a while so I understand what what

[1024:33] Speaker 2: so yeah, so basically, it's about the paid offer. So I've got paid retreats, that's one thing and then the other thing is my online course okay. I'm looking at how to price it and if I was putting it at all nine, seven, how much content will I be wanting to put in for that price? So for a program, an introductory program into

[1032:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, that's a that's a question that isn't agreed upon by most people. As much as you feel is is worth that price is kind of what I say. Like if just two hours you feel like it's really worth it great if you need to add another session awesome. For me, I am more tend to be more on the over delivering side as far as content goes. Really though with that Herman's though are you gonna get sales at that price is, is the perceived value from people. And so the perception of the value, which is why the outcome that people are going to get is the is a big part of that.

[1044:12] Speaker 2: Like six to eight, maybe more towards eight sessions, and then also some short sessions, which are geared towards helping with sleep, and reducing anxiety. So these are short sort of five to 10 minute session. So I'm going to do maybe, I've got to decide how many but it might even be up to 12 of these really short ones. And then some hour long ones, and maybe potentially a couple of two hour ones, I'm going to craft it quite carefully, which is going to give people a really in depth view, introduction. Scary.

[1053:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think I think what you're going to be doing, I think, most of the time, whenever you've told me like what you want to do, I think I think that you you have a great gauge on what your market wants. And I would I would trust your instincts more on that. Right.

[1059:00] Speaker 2: Do you think going in at 497 as an initial paid online offer? Is that okay to come in at that and then maybe give people the option to pay in three installments, as well. Yeah. Yeah.

[1063:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a good price point.

[1064:04] Speaker 2: Right. Okay.

[1064:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's what that's what we mentioned a lot as a as a good price point for people. So

[1065:51] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah. Brilliant. Yeah. We'll get on the case manager. He's helped me as a paid offers. So yeah, so we're busy with that. Awesome, great. And very, very quickly, I was going to look at doing two virtual events a month, which is actually quite a quick turnaround, when you're doing all the sort of advertising etc. But do you think that's, that's an actual okay goal to go for two months? Or is that quite a lot?

[1074:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't understand your question, because you're the only person that can determine that for yourself as if it worked for you.

[1076:45] Speaker 2: So I'd like to be able to do to see if I can manage it. Oh, yeah.

[1078:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know, I know, company that does a verge like an event every two days. Yeah. And so again, it really has to do with more your capacity to automate it to optimize it. To put it out there. The more offers you make, the more people you're going to reach. But also you can get more people on your offer, once you dial it in just getting more people on to one event versus doing it twice. That answer that question, is it too much? It's definitely not too much for the market. That's a personal question as to just how many how often do you want to do it?

[1087:55] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

[1088:44] Speaker 2: Yeah, because you can sort of have adverts running while because the way I was going to do it was to start the adverts running on the first day of the virtual event, to start the adverts running for the next virtual event. And sort of work it like that. So then there's then works out to being about 10 days, where you've got the other ones running before the next virtual event starts. Well, it's kind of the whole thing. I mean, there was one point where I was thinking, well, I could do four, but that would be like, really quite hectic. But anyway, I'm just I think I'm gonna have to figure it out through doing it and then just see what works. Yeah.

[1099:29] Speaker 1: Yeah, a big part of this is again, you're you're not going to really figure it out on paper. It's all about, it's all about going out there seeing what you can sustain and seeing what you can do yourself. Yeah, that's what I find is, is unfortunately, one of the biggest mistakes that we can make is trying to figure it out before we actually do it. Yes, a lot of these questions go.

[1104:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, there's a lot of it's experimentation and testing. All right. Great. Yeah. All right, Sarita.

[1107:49] Speaker 3: Yes. So thank you for today really quickly. One, can you either tell us or post the prompt that you pulled up? For those five topics? I think that'll be helpful. And the second actual question is, I'm creating a new program for coaches. And I wanted to get your thoughts on pricing because I love your model. And but of course, I also have people who are talking about high ticket. So what are your thoughts? Is it just about looking at the market and then determining what the pricing should be?

[1116:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: A high ticket I You might be surprised to realize that I'm a huge fan of high ticket. But I find that it's better to qualify people into a program that is a mid tier And then bringing them up to that level, instead of just going straight up to high ticket, because I actually saw somebody referred to it as the high ticket cult. There is sort of a, this viewpoint that you should never sell anything less than $25,000. And you should only do that, that creates a, honestly that that's very dysregulated to my nervous system to even think about that, that I'm only ever going to sell something that's 25 grand. And that, because here's the problem that that creates that creates this launch cycle to where you don't have sustained income. I'm a big fan of having a membership. That's a continuity program. That is a monthly recurring income for you. But then you mentioned a high ticket offer about every three to six months. And Russell Brunson teaches that he calls that linchpin. So linchpin is where and that's essentially the model that we built with Rick Pino. That's what we do with my mom. That's what we do in my business as well, we actually have a high ticket offer that we're that we that we have, I haven't mentioned it to everybody here. I'm going to be talking about it later this week. That's a little bit of a higher price point. For some people I'll be mentioning in the in the group, I wanted to give everybody time to answer their questions. But if we have some time, at the end here, I will tell you about it. And it's specifically for people who have been with me for a couple of months, it's not for anybody who like just joined the program. So that's why I kind of wanted to reserve this time to give you as much value as possible. But what I see is, is that you it's the value ladder, okay, so the way that the value ladder translates as you got the free stuff, you have a low cost less than $100. Sort of like, bonus freebie kind of trust builder, that gives you the feedback loop q&a helps kind of fund your advertising, then your membership actually becomes your self liquidating offer. And a big part, the first month of the membership, your first month or two, that's generally how we've done it is when we get enough people in to our membership, the first two months of what people pay ends up paying for our ad spend comes combined with the VIP upgrade. Then on top of that every three to six months, we mentioned a high ticket offer that's usually above $7,000. Okay. Now, there's a whole side of the market that's like, you know, just go straight out there and only do high ticket. I think you can do that. Um, I've not personally done it that way, I find that

[1161:36] Speaker 0: it's just a different.

[1162:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just don't I think that there's so much information out there in the market that I would rather look at what is the what is a, I love looking at different marketers like Amy Porterfield, Dean grazioso, see Tony Robbins, as well as what is what is my mom done, what has worked. This is what we use to actually build Rick pinos business to that million dollar month point, as we had three offers $47 challengers, $200 classes, then we had a $997 course that we sold, then there was a $997 mastermind some people would call $1,000 high ticket, it's more mid tier. But then above that was a $10,000 coaching program. Nobody ever heard about the $10,000 coaching program until they had gone through the mastermind and the $1,000 course. So those people already had buy in to go to the next level at 10 grand, what did they get for 10 grand? Well, $1,000 they learned how to self publish their music and how to write good songs at 10,000. They got guidance and direction on how to write better songs published them, the recording process, you name it, the hands on help, and that's your high ticket offer is essentially where you're going to give hands on what you do with people at the highest level. And so I would encourage you have a high ticket offer. My mom has one it's 12,000 a year. For her stocks group. She's got about 100 people in there are things like 75 or something like that. But she only mentions it once every three to six months. So she's getting people into her $177 membership that has the recurring revenue. That's bringing in a couple $100,000 a month and we have the high ticket above that. Which is for a small group of people that want to go to the next level. So the idea is you fill your group coaching and you serve those people but then there's the sort of a group that rises above that. That that needs more guidance, more direction more coaching. Okay,

[1196:27] Speaker 4: love it. Thank you so much. Yeah, awesome.

[1197:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, Dr. Denise Shannon.

[1198:35] Speaker 4: Hi, how are you Jeremy? Hey, listen,

[1199:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have a let me pause here real quick. So, I posted in the chat as well, here's the best way now for you to get the different chat GBT prompts is go to my website and there's download my chat GPT prompts. It's an opt in. But the reason why I want you to opt in is it's going to send you an email that then has the link that you can go back to, and refer back to to find this prompt document. And so those prompts that I mentioned, are in here, right here. So all those different prompts and stuff are in there, I'll put it in the chat, but you'll want to have access and bookmark this document right here. I'll also post the document in the chat too for you. But if you actually sign up for the offer on my page, the chat CBT one that's out my website. It's also in the top bar right here, chat CPT prompt download, you'll have an email that will send to you and then you just type in Jeremiah chat GPT into your inbox, and you'll be able to find the link anytime you lose it. So all right, what was your question? Dr.

[1215:17] Speaker 4: Yunus? Excuse me had a couple of questions, actually, one out of what you talked about earlier, in terms of one eye, wanting to present certain information that they feel is valuable to the market, but the market not necessarily responding to that information. But they want two or three other things. Yeah. So a question that comes from that is, so let's say you find through surveying your market, etc. There's several other things that they're interested in. But you feel maybe this is just hypothetical, but you feel that you don't really have the expertise in those areas, but it's an area of your interest. Yeah. So if you're, if, if you're wanting, if you're needing to provide that information, but you don't have the expertise, that kind of presents a little conundrum to me.

[1230:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, because I, I just wouldn't do the thing that you don't feel like it has expertise, but I would have in the back of your mind, over the course of the next six to 18 months, let's let's grow in that expertise, as well, if they're asking for it. For instance, I've been asked for two to three years for some kind of training on time management and time optimization. I have not talked about that at all. And now I've gotten better at my time optimization and time management. And so now we have a course in our members area that talks about that I don't talk about it much on my social media, but I got better at it to where I could actually at least establish that I can teach what has worked for me at that point. Two years ago, when people were asking me for that I'm like, Yeah, I'm terrible at this. So I'm not going to even share that. But what I will look at is what is the pattern of the questions that people ask not everything that people ask that you're gonna be able to serve or help with. And here's an here's a big side of that is becoming okay with just because some buddy asks you for help with something, saying, I don't do that. I don't help with that. I don't help in that area. I don't serve in that area. This is what I serve in and do that. And what you'll find is, if you're getting a lot of questions about an area that you don't have an expertise in specifically, you're you definitely need to grow in that area as one, one instance. But at the same time, it might also just be a misalignment in your offer itself. If we're talking about the hypothetical, there might just be a misalignment as to who you're attracting, and that's what was happening with me is I get a lot of people, they're like Jeremiah, I don't wanna hear about anything making money. I just want to know how to be the best coach, teacher and speaker in the world. Well. That's really not what I teach. And there's other great people that teach that, but I'm getting better at teaching that side of it, I would say that I have a track record as being a good teacher, speaker and coach. But do I know how to articulate it the way it's more for me, it's been more of a natural skill and ability. And so I'm not going to lie and pretend like I have some system. As far as that goes, even though people are demanding it from me. What I will focus on is, I know that I can help people get clients run ads, not lose money with their ads, how to use copywriting direct response marketing, and virtual events to close more sales. And so even though people are asking me to teach them on this specific topic, I'm also looking at okay, why am I getting a lot of those people asking this question, I need to pivot my offer, copy this a little bit towards the direction that I help people with. So it's a combination of really learning your market, learning what your expertise is, and then learning do people want this? Or do they want maybe something that's a sub topic that's related to it? That's why asking Chad GPT to come up with some of these subtopics is important, but we won't, we won't know the answer to that question until we actually put offers out there and connect with people.

[1274:15] Speaker 4: Right. And the testing. Yeah. And then there's the question of that, then there's the issue of finding people who have a pain point that you can solve. A level of that is finding people who are willing to pay you to help them solve that. And so

[1279:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I found that chat GPT was pretty helpful with that was asking, Okay, here's a problem I solve, what would be a target customer avatar that would specifically be willing to make a financial investment into it. So for instance, if we're talking about just fitness coaches is a great example of this. Learning to be a coach to affluent CEOs versus just, you know, anybody, that group has more expendable income to put towards solving a problem for their goal. And so that's finding the group of people that actually wants to spend money to solve the problem faster.

[1292:05] Speaker 4: Okay, and the other few questions are kind of technical. One is I know, when I was looking at the six figure course, you were in charge GPT. And you were able to have Jasper, extend your answer within check. GPT. How did you do that?

[1297:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's the Jasper Chrome extension. Of Okay, Jasper has a Chrome extension that allows it to extend stuff. That's a big reason why I keep paying for Jasper is because it's like, I got aI on AI on AI.

[1301:58] Speaker 4: So I will go to the Chrome store, get the Jasper Chrome extension. And once I get that, how do I use that with the jet chat TV 10.

[1304:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's just enabled on all websites that you visit.

[1305:18] Speaker 4: Okay, is there a certain key that you press for it to activate?

[1306:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, not particularly if you just start like typing. Like, I want to help coaches, and you highlight over here and you'll see this little arrow appeared. Yeah, it'll continue riding with Jasper. Right.

[1310:44] Speaker 4: Okay. So there's an arrow to activates it. Okay. Yeah. So I set up the extension. And when I go to different sites, I'll see that arrow while I'm typing. Right, exactly. Okay. Yeah. The other thing is you. You offered one of your recipes, tickets, the problem agitate song. And when I went to get the recipe, it downloaded as if but I had to sign it to Jasper as if I were a new client.

[1319:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because you weren't logged in in that browser. Possibly say that again, as well, because you weren't logged in in that in that web browser.

[1321:28] Speaker 4: Okay, so I did log in, but then I didn't know how to access your recipe.

[1322:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, you just go back to the recipe over@community.jasper.ai. And then you go to the perfect offer copy, and you click on run. And then that opens it up in Jasper for you to use and I still use Jasper for a lot of our copy I go between Chad GPT. And Jasper isn't more expensive that way. Absolutely. But it pays us a lot of money to be worth it. So.

[1330:13] Speaker 4: Okay, so your your your recipe is within the community within Jasper?

[1331:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, it's at community.jasper.ai the URL and your web browser. Okay. Right here, which you don't need to be logged in to access. You just go to community.jasper.ai. And it's on to

[1335:32] Speaker 0: right here. Okay.

[1336:26] Speaker 4: All right. All right. I didn't know that. I just didn't know how to access it. Okay, thank you very much. Oh, no worries.

[1338:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jasper is just it's a it's a it's a different interface to use GPT. Three, again, I like the outputs and GPT for a lot better than what Jasper has been outputting recently. And so a lot of what I was using Jasper for I bring it into GPT four, and it gives me better outputs now. Because they function essentially the same way. Just realize, if you're using GPT, four, it's probably going to be a better output for you.

[1345:28] Speaker 4: Now, I was playing with GPT for yesterday, within forefront. Okay. I found it to be a little quirky. For example, I couldn't get it to save the different personas. I kept typing it in, but it wouldn't save it. Depending on how I put the input in. If I put a question in that it answered, but if I put some text in that I wanted to analyze them under the text, put the question as to how I wanted to analyze it did not be interesting.

[1353:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that might just be the way that they've built this application. Again, you'll get the best output from GPT four by paying for the chat GPT plus upgrade

[1357:21] Speaker 4: within chat GBT. Okay, that's all right. Okay, thank you.

[1358:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's kinda like you get what you pay for type of things.

[1359:12] Speaker 4: Gotcha. I'm gonna sign up today. All right.

[1360:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Elizabeth wells. Hi, Jeremiah. Hi, everybody. Hey, hey, hey, Denise,

[1361:52] Speaker 5: I put my question up first, upfront, by the way, it was Chet GPT. I won't put my copy in the question at the end. Okay, great. Thank you. So I put it right up front, say, hey, based on the following, and then I put that in. Who had an idea that maybe some of us could get together and do chat GPT sessions for each other or with each other? So anyway, um, you were talking about demographic before. And you were saying, you know, you want to attract people, so they're going to have the money to buy your product. So in your demographic, when you're doing Facebook, I'm imagining that you might focus on or target people who say, you know, people who make over $100,000 or nine, you

[1372:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't do that at all? No. I found that to be very effective. Okay. It's more just in the ad copy is kind of making it very clear as to who this is for the actual offer copy itself.

[1375:52] Speaker 5: Okay. Okay. That's great. Because yeah, actually, if you had done that, you want to track me. So the chat GPT sales steps, you know, you had step one, step two, do you put them in all at a time? Are you due to step one, first, let the chat

[1379:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, I let it I do step one, first, let the chat go. And do it like that? Yeah. Okay.

[1381:08] Speaker 5: Thank you. That was it. Yeah.

[1381:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. So like I said, I was gonna tell you guys about the offer that I have, and I'm gonna be mentioning it to the group here. Um, again, if you're brand new to the program, this is not directed towards you, I, here's the thing. If I had joined a program like this, and within a week, they're already pitching me on another program, I'd be pissed off. So I understand if you're feeling that way. This is specifically directed towards people that have been in our program for a couple of months, and you're in our ecosystem. Again, you guys are gonna get the most out of this program right here, if you're brand new. And so I'm just saying that if you want to take this offer, that's fine. That's your choice. But what I am doing is I've thought about for probably the last three months, since my baby came here, as to how I can do one more round of some like, one on one coaching at a specific discount. And so what I've decided is that I have until Friday, May 5, I'm gonna be making some videos in the group about this, or I'm doing just to test it out. The milestone one on one coaching program, the idea for this is that we have a one hour intro session, and then four milestone sessions that are 30 minutes each. So you get three hours with me instead of six like before. And so because of this, we're able to keep the cost down and still deliver a lot of value to you. As far as working with you, I'm not going to go super in depth about working with me one on one and try to sell you on that I'll be talking about some of that throughout the week. But I know I've gotten a ton of emails from people, whether you're watching the recording, or you're here that have wanted to work with me. One on One still. And when I looked at us with our growing family, I put this here doing a full eight hour day, like I was thinking really wasn't practical and one hour sessions had become less and less available. So a if you already bought a previous package with me, what's cool is I'm gonna now I'm gonna send everybody an email, your one hour sessions, you can book 30 minute ones with me. So you essentially got double the amount of sessions. Now, if you bought six, and the last one that we did this, you could do 1230 minute sessions, or you could do mix and match an hour or 30 minutes. But what you get with this package that I'm offering is you get a one hour intro session, because I think what you should spend an hour together initially, you get 430 minute milestone sessions with me, you get a free year with the accelerator that's included with this. And I'm not going to do an offer that doesn't include a whole year of the accelerator, it's part of this. You can also buy additional half hour sessions at $1,000 per half hour session. You get a free copywriting and funnel audit with Stephen Robins and myself. And we get to work together plus you get direct message access with me for support. For 12 months, I'm making a priority to respond to those that have a package like this with me. I don't respond to DMS to pretty much anybody else. And I'll direct most people to post their questions in the group. But if you do have one of these packages, you'll be able to ask me questions. And so what does it cost? It's not 30,000 it's $8,250 Paid in full or you could do 12 payments 0% interest of 687 a month with no credit check. Or you can go through our financing partner coach financing and see what rate they give you and you can do a 24 to 60 month, depending on just how many payments you do estimated payment be about 250 to $390 a month on that. Okay. So how do you get started with this? You put down a deposit of six at 750, before I closed the doors on this on Friday, May 5. And the last time that I opened up availability to any sort of one on one coaching like this, at a rate that was under 10,000 was back in mid November. So we're looking at December, January, February, March, April, now we're going into May, it's pretty much been six months. And so And those of you have been here for six months, you know that it's been that long. So this is what I think is probably a good way for you if you want to work with me one on one is to put down the deposit. And then we can work on the details as far as paying the balance the rest of the balance, you'll do that with a wire transfer, or we'll just get you on doing 12 payments. This will replace your payment for the client growth accelerator, if you paid for a whole year of the accelerator already, we will actually discount that from either the payment plan or the paid in full price will literally just take off whatever the remainder of your year was prorated against that if you if you paid for the whole year upfront. Or if you do the credit with Coach financing, you'll get the deposit back right away. And then they'll just issue you financing for 8002 50 unit than wiring that to us. And that ends up paying for the whole thing. So I'm not going to do like a super big sales pitch for this. I know some of you have asked for it. I know some of you it'll be a good fit. For everybody else. Again, the client growth accelerator is it's the best program out there. But if you want to work closer with me have me getting my eye on your copy your advertising in a focused setting towards just us on Zoom together, this will be a way to do that plus, you'll still be in the accelerator. One thing that I did also take out from the last one that we did this is I'm not giving you lifetime access to all the courses. The last round of people got lifetime access to all my courses, which I realized was like a crazy deal. So we're not giving lifetime access to all the courses as far as this goes, you just get a year, it'll extend out from from the time that you start per year. And you'll be able to keep the same rate with the accelerator. If you want to continue with the accelerator after those 12 months after this, this goes here. The way that I would see most people would use this is we do the initial session and then probably each quarter, we meet up and go over each of the different milestones. Or if you want to go over the milestones every two weeks, blow through them in a month, you can do that as well. You don't need to actually like prepay for everything to be able to do that, that's really up to you, there will be a contract, that will guarantee that you you do have to make all the payments. They are not refundable at all for any circumstance. And there is no liability or guarantee of results whatsoever. And so this is for those that are serious for those that do want to work with me more, I have this available for you. as well. If you put the deposit down and decide to not sign the contract, we had like we had one person do that, and essentially just applies to five months of the accelerator. And so we'll we'll just take the the deposit and apply it to five months of the accelerator, which saves you a little bit of money too. And then just continue your accelerator payments after that five months is up. So if you want to work with me one on one, and you want to do this deal right here. And listen, this price is going to be a lot higher next time. The last time we did it, it was it was slightly higher in price, but you got a lot more for it. So I've reduced it's about half as many sessions half as many hours. That's why it's it's the half hour sessions. There's no lifetime access. But I think that this will be this will be a great fit for some people. Again, I sort of would want to defer you away from this. If you feel like is this going to work for me or will the accelerator be enough? I would say just stick with the accelerator. But if you know that working with me, and you can and really getting access to me to go over everything with you is something that you need. I'm gonna give you two weeks to think about it quote unquote, because I'm not I'm not in the business of trying to pressure you into something you got till Friday, May 5 to decide on this to put down your deposit and I think that there'll be some of you because You've already written me, and I want to do this. Alright. So that right there is my we talked about high ticket offer.

[1522:04] Speaker 0: That's what I got. All right.

[1523:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, everybody. Um, is there any other? Anybody got any other questions at the end here?

[1524:32] Speaker 0: Anybody got any other questions?

[1526:37] Speaker 5: I just wanted to say the chat really helped me a lot in in honing my message that I can find the right words for me. I mean, I've literally no, I'm going to be assaulted. Yeah, yeah. to the forefront. I was like, you know, people to like, you know, say it this way. And it wasn't right for me. So I said, Hey, I need to find another way to say this. And, you know, and it's bringing up these issues for me. And they did, and it was really, so I can get around my own marketing and stand with it. That was the forefront at three in the morning.

[1535:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Awesome. That's great. I'm glad that that worked for you, Deborah, Deborah Scott.

[1537:19] Speaker 6: A Jeremiah. Hey, you can hear me, it's rainy. It's rainy here. So I'm not gonna turn the video on. But I had this thought come to me. And I just want in other people might even have some answers. But I just it really hit me like, I'm trying to do online stuff. And my internet sucks. So I just like trying to brainstorm ways to still be online and work around it. We're supposed to be getting something new in our area in the fall. So I would just like to hear, it might be a simple question for somebody else. But for me, it's like, how am I going to work around this? Because it has affected me being online?

[1549:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I bet it has. I know that there. Are you able to get Starlink?

[1551:27] Speaker 6: Let me write that one down. I think somebody mentioned that. Hold on. That sounds familiar.

[1552:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So Starlink might be an option for you. Okay, good cell service through your phone. It all just depends on sort of looking for solutions in your local area.

[1556:03] Speaker 6: Yeah, I thought about trying to find a friend, maybe I could go to their house to do a challenge. But then I thought, well, what happens the following week, if I'm doing a group coaching, so this, I don't know, it's just all of a sudden, it's like, all of a sudden, I became aware of it. I can't even tell you why, Oh, you don't want

[1561:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be a big issue with a lot of the people and my mom was coaching. And she, she gave it was funny. I don't know if I would give the exact advice. But my mom used to always say, you know, if you want to build a business, then you might need to move to a place that has better internet. You might need to

[1566:09] Speaker 6: and that's, there's Yep, that has been thought of, okay, maybe I can rent a room someplace, or we're not

[1568:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: very good to is being able to rent a room. Depending on if you can do that. There's kind of always ways to, to solve this, I would look at you know, who you could talk to who you could, yeah, if you know somebody with good internet, and they got a room in their house, and they're looking to pay for it or for them to rent their room out to do your events and, and you know, and schedule it pre scheduled during these different hours. So, yeah, ultimately,

[1576:02] Speaker 0: it's a piece of my unlock.

[1576:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it'll, it'll be it'll be helpful for you. But I would take a look at Starlink too, as well.

[1578:01] Speaker 6: Okay. All right.

[1578:48] Wennie: Thank you, Adele. Hi, Jeremiah. Hi, everybody. Just really quickly. I'm in my car multitasking here. So I'm continuing to build my funnel tonight. I'm actually really enjoying it. But the question I just want to ask is so should I stop the know that I'm at the stage of doing the automations under zaps and everything? Should I stop and go and set up the Facebook Pixel THING that you're talking about? And then come back because obviously, I can't I can't link the funnel through zap to Zapier to something that I haven't created yet. So do I need to go and do that person then come back to

[1589:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: the funnel? Yeah, but you should be able to get that done in about an hour all right. Okay. Take very long if you if you follow through what I went over in the Facebook ads for beginners course in the beginning lessons I go over, setting up that pixel if that again, if that is takes you too long, too frustrating, Jonathan can help with that too. You can hire her to to help with that sign up.

[1595:44] Wennie: Just a question arise. And so I have got a business specific account from my pro life work, which I was going to strip all that back and rename it from my new coaching enterprise. So a ticket we need to have a business page to run it I'm gonna be running ads from my personal account.

[1600:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you can't run ads from a personal account. All right, it has to be a business to be a business page.

[1602:24] Speaker 0: Yeah. All right. Okay. No problem. All right.

[1603:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, everybody. Hey, thanks for being here. Thanks for watching. Um, I think that this this training today was really helpful pertinent to where everybody's at. And I'm excited next week is our q&a. To answer your questions, next week live on here and to help take things to the next level, keep posting in the group, keep sharing in the group, anything that you need break through with anything that you just need help with, you know, don't feel like Oh, I'm posting too much. I don't want to post or I don't want to post that because I'm not quite ready yet. For the stage in my business, this is a judgment free zone, you're not going to get you know, anybody saying Oh, you're not, you know, you shouldn't be posting that. That's what the community is for, take advantage of it and get the most out of this program. I would encourage everybody just squeeze as much value out of the accelerator as possible. That's what it's for. There's so much value that you get, but you kind of got to squeeze it. It's kind of like you'd like you really do like you got to sort of pump the pump a little bit and get out of it, what you want to get out of it and that and that will pay you dividends. All right, everybody. Have a good one. And I'll see you all next week.

