Mailer Lite - Lesson 4
Date: 2024-10-14T04:01:08.000Z
Duration: 27 min
Otter ID: xuNuzPn3_mO6omoCeY_zr0Qqewk
---

[0:07] Speaker 0: Yeah, all right, so for this final training in Miller Lite, I'm gonna be showing you all about how to look at the analytics analyze your campaigns. As you can see, the software has been very simple to learn and understand, and hopefully that you have a grasp on how to use it the best possible way. We're gonna be showing you the analytics and stuff, but I also want to give you some techniques for writing some of the best emails. Again, we've taught this in some of our other classes. If you want to get better at writing emails, I just want to point you and direct you to a couple of other trainings that are in the members area that will really help you with this, that are designed to help you with this. So again, in the learning library, you'll find there's another course. There's basically two courses, MailChimp made easy. There's a lesson right here called email marketing tactics and process. I would recommend going through this, even though this is about MailChimp, this is going to help give you a great grasp on emailizing, based on AI and stuff for writing, grading, other courses, newbie, the best path that is also, I believe it's in the learning library as well. But don't fret. I've been in the history you see here on the decades beginner's guide to creating a course topic, pricing, strategies, effective storytelling. Know what? I bet it is in intermediate courses, under intermediate courses, yes, email marketing, the fun way is all about writing effective emails, using AI to write emails, Advanced Email AI writing strategies. So this course, right here, is a great course all about writing exceptional emails. And I think maybe, you know, we might make an updated version of this course. This one's not outdated. This one is very much up to date on that topic. And so I would highly recommend checking that out. And again, a little more advanced, friendly follow up. This is all about nurturing your email inbox, using email marketing effectively for nurturing So again, those three are some great lessons that you can check out to dive into that. I'm going to give you kind of an overview as to like what I'm using to write emails right now, and the way that I write most of my emails. And we're going to break down some of the analytics inside of Miller Lite. Okay, so inside of Miller Lite, you can look at every every email you send out. You can see how many people are sent to. You can see right here, there's a View Report button, okay, so if I click on View Report, it's going to pull up these analytics right here, or I can look at how many people opened the email. I can literally see who opened the email by clicking on this icon right here with the number next to it. I can see all the names of people, of who opened the email, how many times. I can even see how many times they open the email right here. You know, if you're in doing a I mean, it's interesting, you know, I can literally see that somebody opened the email like five times that was sent to them, okay, and so, like, be sure to to check that out as well. I can see who clicked on an email right here, okay, how many times they clicked on it, how many times they clicked on it from their inbox. Okay, I can see clicks to open rate. I can see anything about there's unsubscribe, spam, complaints, all of that in here, okay, I can see which links they clicked on. And so this gives me a lot of great insight every email that I write. I can look at the email that was sent out by clicking on view email right here. I can preview the email again if I want to copy it into another email. Okay. Subscriber activity. I can see, you know, all of my subscribers activity about the email link activity. This is who clicked on what links, how many times. So this gives you a lot of data. Every single email that you send out as a broadcast gives you this much data that you can scroll through. And here's the reason why you would look at that is it paints a picture for you of how good your emails are doing. Who's opening them, who's not. And I would highly recommend to dive into this when you're doing your email marketing. To know if your emails are effective, you're going to want to know, are people actually opening them? Are they clicking on the links, is it? Are they? Are they diving into are they opening it again and again and again? You'll start to even notice sometimes the same names of people are opening certain emails. Now you don't want to, like, get it caught up in your head, or you start obsessing over, like, why is a certain person opening all the emails but they're not buying like. Program stuff like that, but maybe it's a way that you could reach out to people and you could serve them on a on a higher level, each time that you're that they you know that you send an email out as far as that goes. Now, your automations provide you the same thing. Under automations, I can go to an automation and then I can click on, okay, how many times did somebody open an automation? I can go under overview on the automation. I can see how many people subscribers are in the automation overall. I can see which emails were sent to them, how many times in the email was sent to them. I can see, I can see who clicked on and who opened certain emails that were sent to them at certain times. And then I can view reports inside the workflow of the individual emails right here as well. And so this shows me data for my automations on how good they're doing. Like, I can see, okay, this is another people who signed up for this. We just launched it. There's not ads running to it, but like, that's amazing. 3435 people signed up. That's just been last like two days. Organically, people have clicked on the final email that was sent out to them, but maybe they haven't clicked on it, like the link to sign up sign up for the accelerator program, except for on the final day, but they are clicking to at least watch the training. So again, this shows me the rate of click through and response that I'm getting on each of those different emails, I can see in another workflow campaign where we, we put a lot more people through. Whoops, let me. Let me do this one right here, this wrong one. This right here. This was we put a ton more people through this. 195 people went through this right here. Great test. So I can see, okay, of that many people, 54% the emails were opened, about 10% click, but the initial email that was sent out, because I really care about this, 170 6% open. That's amazing. That's a better open rate than we were getting on even our live webinar. So that gives me a lot of that clicked, 54% now check this out. 54% clicked on the link to actually watch the training. So it's only half of the people actually click to watch the training, but we're seeing a different number right here on this campaign for the initial lesson. 57% are clicking on the training. So it's a higher percentage are actually clicking through and a higher percentage are actually opening the email. Now that's organic versus ads, but it's a pretty interesting number that we might see stay that way. So you can see a lot of different data inside of MailerLite to see how your emails are performing. Now, not all tells you a story, and you can correlate that to how your social media content is doing. You can correlate it to how your ads are doing, and you can get a picture of what response is coming in for people. Now, you don't want to get caught up in like what's right or what's wrong. You want to find your averages. You want to try to beat your averages. So I mean, those numbers that I showed you, those are really good numbers. As far as that goes, you want, like, at least a 40% open rate on a qualified campaign would be pretty good for a like, for a lead magnet and things like that. So that's obviously something that maybe we want to take a look at, we want to pay attention to as well, is what is that open rate and things like that. I I'll tell you this, I don't pay attention to unsubscribe rate that much. I want people to unsubscribe from my emails. I send enough emails and follow up with people enough to make sure that they get off of my email list,

[145:28] Speaker 0: and I'm trying to get them to do that. Okay, so now the next thing I want to show you just how I write emails. So again, when it comes to writing emails, I got a couple of different things that I do. Number one, I will sometimes get a spark of inspiration throughout the day when I'm doing other things, and I will type it up in my phone with the intention to send that as an email to my list. I'm always trying to train my brain to think about sparks of IDEA throughout the day while I'm doing things. And if you've been following me for a while, you know I teach that for content creation as well. Email is a form of content creation. You want to think of email as an extension of your social media. It's like a community. Your email list is a community. Think of it like a Facebook group. Think of it as your most committed group of people, because people can unsubscribe at any time you want them to the ones who actually are opening your emails, which is amazing and incredible. I. To those people are your tribe, and those are the ones that are meant to be on your list and getting all the stuff that you're sending them. And so you want to treat it that way, that you're providing a piece of content to those people. And that's how I look at emails. A lot of the emails that I send out, I'm always trying to direct them to whatever kind of a free offer that I have, very rarely, to actually send sales offers to my main list of people, maybe once a month or so. But the majority of the emails are some form of piece of content that they either have to opt into again. So even if they're already on my email list, I'm sending them to sign up for something that they have to still sign up again another email account to sign up for? Okay? That practice gets people to really click in with you, to be able to commit again to joining your list and being a part of what it is that you're that you're offering, that you're launching now, when it comes to writing emails, what I do is this is I do have an archive of a lot of emails that I've sent out. Sometimes I will rewrite or resend out previous emails that I've sent out. I'll use AI to help me rewrite those. But I also have a swipe file of emails, and I have an email account that I have signed up for a ton of email on a ton of marketing emails, and so I have this email account that I can log into at any given moment in time, whenever I want to, and I can pull up marketing emails anytime I want to, from any resource, from any location. Get this pulled up for you, and I'll show you this. This looks like and then I'll show you how you can either turn your emails, you can turn my emails, you can turn any email that you follow from any source into emails that are relevant to your offer. I'm gonna show you this, how we do this, and this really is like my main strategy for writing email. As I have a swipe file that I can log into and I can see at any given moment in time. And

[196:05] Speaker 1: I've had this forever, so

[196:59] Speaker 0: I can see any given moment in time,

[198:10] Speaker 1: maybe some kind of marketing email was sent to me. Okay,

[201:32] Speaker 0: so like I can click on this one right here. There's a great email right there. Okay, I can click on this. I can go right here, and I can go, I like abacus AI, because it gives you a lot of different AI tools that you can use. Okay, we've been talking about chat, LLM for a long time that you can play around with, that you can use. They give you a lot of great tools. Claude, three, five sonnet is the one that I like the most, and so I'll say, take the following

[211:28] Speaker 1: email and use it as a template

[213:29] Speaker 0: for the tone, Cadence, style, structure, but write me a unique, original, brand new email based on the offer below. Now what you want to do is you want to write some brackets. Watch this template. Template. All you just do is look, you put bracket bracket. This is a container, and you can paste your template email in here. Okay, so I'm able to take this email from my inbox right here.

[222:19] Speaker 1: I'm able to take this

[223:04] Speaker 0: and I paste it in the brackets of the template. Okay, now I'm going to scroll up and I'm going to create more brackets called offer, offer. This is why I put the word template and offer in caps. Now I put unique in caps as well. Not important that I did that, but offer and template in brackets. This is how I write some of the best emails. I'm going to go over to my website and I'm going to find my offer that I'm looking to promote with an email. This is our current offer that we're sending out. I'm going to copy and paste the whole page. I'm going to paste it right here. Just copy and paste right into offer. Then I'm going to tell this cloud three, five sonnet inside of here to help me rewrite the email in that tone. Here is a unique, original email based on the provided offer, using the template as inspiration for tone, Cadence, style and structure. Hey, there. I've heard this from. Were 200 people or last month alone. And trust me, I get it. It feels like that's the problem, but here's the kicker, it's not, at least, oh yeah, subject line. Look at that. It already had a subject line right here. I can't create a successful online course. I've heard this one for 200 people, it feels like that's the problem, but here's the kicker, it's not for most people. The real issue probably targeting the wrong audience. You don't have a foolproof system for turning your knowledge into a solo course. People aren't packaging their expertise effectively. They're not marketing strategically. They're not leveraging the power of online coaching, which leads them to throwing their hands up. Now let's try this.

[250:17] Speaker 2: Can you write it a little more geared towards

[251:40] Speaker 1: getting people to register for this offer training, okay, I

[254:40] Speaker 0: can't make money with online courses. Over 200 people told me recently. And I get it feels like that's the problem. The reality it isn't, at least for most people, the real problem. You're probably targeting the wrong audience and don't have a proven system to create and sell your own courses. People aren't packaging their expertise effectively, which leads into complaining about making money. I've been this game for 21 years, but I'm the worst guru you ever meet. Why? Because they don't have millions of followers or a fancy yacht. But I built multiple coaching businesses to over ten million a year without selling myself the other algorithms or dancing on Tiktok ever? Well, I have danced on Tiktok, but I actually do kind of enjoy dancing somewhat, which is kind of funny. Whoever watched me. I put together a free 40 to spend training that outlines the exact steps to create a sellout course or group coaching program that brings in 10 to 25k it's free, straight to the point, and I'm not wearing a suit. I know shocking, but even without the fancy trappings, I promise you, there's massive value. You'll discover how to pick a course topic. So right there, what it did was it took this email that he wrote, same way, I can't generate leads. Over 100 people told me this recently, I get it feels like the problem. It feels like the problem, so I took his email and it rewrote it that way. It's funny. My wife is like, You should be dancing. All right, let's, let's try another one. Let's, let's look, let's look up the topic that we're doing. Okay, create a course. Okay,

[281:44] Speaker 1: let's see your course. I'm

[284:52] Speaker 0: or we could try new class. Let's see. So I'll try, like a couple of different things and see what people send out. I

[288:59] Speaker 0: let's just try this one right here. How a simple strategy increased revenue by 10% with a single new customer. Okay, we'll use this as the template now, and we'll go in here, and

[292:18] Speaker 1: I'm going to go in and

[292:58] Speaker 0: what I'm going to do is I'm just going to edit the output again. I'm going to edit what I wrote. I can literally go back and edit it and change what's in the template section.

[297:40] Speaker 0: Just the template section. Then we're going to regenerate it in that style.

[300:44] Speaker 1: See, so do chat,

[301:51] Speaker 0: ask Claude three, five sonnet to do this.

[303:43] Speaker 1: Oh, come on, Claude. I So

[305:25] Speaker 0: if you run into that issue, you just got to refresh the page. Okay, his unique email. It's generating it as a document. Well, either way, this is a great way to write emails. Is to here we go.

[312:08] Speaker 0: See it created me a why is this MD file? All right. Well, there we go. Okay, so it created this file.

[317:52] Speaker 0: Oh, you know, it copied the the wrong one. That's why it keeps writing that old one like that. Okay, so you definitely want to be careful that you're actually. Copying over the right email. Let's copy this new one over right here into the template section. And now that's how you can troubleshoot. If you're like, why is it not giving me the output that I want? There we go. Okay, there's a new template that I put in there. There we go, unlock your six figure online. Course just for two minutes. You're tired of chasing the next big thing in business because a wake up call, the real secret isn't reinventing the wheel, it's mastering a proven system that works when it comes online course and coaching. I've got the code. Let me paint a picture for you. Imagine waking up on your bank account has grown 10,000 15,000 25,000, every single month, all from a thriving online course or coaching program, something like a dream. Take Emma. She was struggling. That's amazing. Has all my testimonies and everything in it. These are just flukes. These are the results of a carefully crafted system and perfected over the years. Here's a million dollar question, what if you could bypass years of struggle? I love this. In fact, I might send this out to my own list right here. And what I might do is I might say, okay, great. Now rewrite that email in a more conversational, persuasive and informal tone, and make make it a little less wordy, and this is how I come up with most of the emails that I send out to my list every dream of making 1015, $25,000, a month. It's totally doable. I'm gonna show you how in 42 minutes. No joke, I've helped tons of people crush it online, and that's tip of the iceberg. Look down. The world could be overwhelming. What if you could skip the headache and go straight to the profit my for in this free 40 minutes of training, I spill the beans on picking a course topic pricing like a pro, sitting out in the crowd. It's going to 10k with your first offer, ready, jump in. You also get $1,000 bonus goodies to kickstart your journey. Don't sit on the sidelines wondering, what if, let's make it happen. That's another great email, right there. Okay, so that's how I use AI, and I use my swipe file. I have this email account that has all of these emails from tons of marketers on tons of topics, and

[356:16] Speaker 0: then I'm able to take that and I'm able to translate it into another email that can send out. Here's one that's actually on the topic of what our offer is. So it's from Amy Porterfield for her offer that she was sending out right here. Let's say that I take

[363:26] Speaker 1: this one

[365:08] Speaker 0: and that becomes the template.

[366:46] Speaker 1: This becomes the template section.

[367:43] Speaker 0: Is that email from Amy Porterfield like that, and I'll go, I'll go in here. I'll edit, add template. Okay, I'm just doing this real quick for the sake of the example, but I pasted her template in there instead of that one. Now let's see what this does. Last chance to unlock your six figure course empire, time is ticking. Let's make it. You may be thinking, is this really for me? Just last week, I was shagging with some of my six figure creator alumni sharing their first $100,000 wins. They probably had a huge audience, so and so. They had 50 subscribers. Mike was complete newbie. Secret Sauce, not about having a big following to teach the next big thing. It's about having a system that works, a blueprint that can take you from I have no idea what I'm doing, to Holy guacamole, I just made 10,000 bucks. Okay, so that gives you ideas that you can use. You can take other people's email ideas and then use AI to rewrite them in your own way, in your own cadence, in your own structure, the way that you would say it and attach your offer to it, and now you got all all like you got so many emails. That's why I have I have 1000s. I have 60,000 emails in my swipe file right here that I can grab at any given moment in time, like, here's another email right here, just another This one's completely different topic right here, Pedro, some of y'all know who he is, watch, I'm going to rewrite Pedro's email to match My offer. Why not? It's not hard to do. All you do is just copy and paste into the little template section that new email, and now let's see it write another one. It's

[399:37] Speaker 1: generating it as a document. It again.

[402:14] Speaker 1: All right, here we go. So the document,

[404:52] Speaker 0: hey, there future course. Creator, you ever felt like you're sitting on a goldmine of knowledge? Package it filter might just game changing, free training. You'll find your perfect niche pricing. Master a standout strategy. Don't let another day go by wondering, what if this is your chance to join the ranks of successful online entrepreneurs as my client testimonies. Imagine waking up with core sales willing while you sleep. It's all possible. So it's this free training, all right, and that's how I that's how I use AI to and I might not set it verbatim, how it said it, how it sent it, but I like, if I'm like, I don't have the energy to write an email, that's what I do. If I don't know what to say in an email, I might throw a couple of those together, piece them together and come up with an idea. The other thing that this white file does, if you read through the emails that are sent from other marketers, either in your niche or other niches, you will see, what is the right cadence, what is the right tone, what is the right structure, what's the best way to communicate in emails that get opened. Okay, so hopefully this has given you some great ideas of what to do with your email marketing strategy. Then you can take this and use it in your own business. Hope you've enjoyed this course. I'll see another course that we'll talk soon. Bye.

