Ai Ebook Lesson 4_edited
Date: 2024-11-18T15:49:00.000Z
Duration: 16 min
Otter ID: wUSj-11KHsfN0G_qB987_LRFeOE
---

[0:07] Speaker 0: Alright, so now we're going to be talking about editing your ebook. When you're generating this content with AI, you can have quite a bit of content that you're not going to use, even repetitive content that is over and over and over again going to keep showing up. And so these are a few things that you want to make sure of to do some housekeeping before you create the book cover, before you do your final editing, what I'll do is, as I'm generating the chapters, and we're going to go in here and generate a couple of different chapters here. As I'm generating the chapters, let's just go generate, let's go generate a chapter here based on this what we've been doing with chat GPT, okay, creating an irresistible offer that converts what I'm going to do now is I'm going to take what it's generating based off of the transcript, based off of the chapters that we're generating, and I'm going to look at, okay, here's what it has created thus far. Let's take a look at the Google Doc that we have of what it's been creating thus far as well. Okay, let's go find that Google doc here real quick. Cuz remember, we were we were creating a Google Doc with all of the chapters in them as well. Here we go. The real reason most coaches lose money with Facebook ads. So again, great start to a book. I think this is awesome, but what I'm going to do is I'm now going to sit down with the editor's hat, and I'm going to start to read through it, line by line and scrutinize each section. And so I know, for the sake of the example, I'm not going to do that for the whole book here, but I'm just going to show you. Going to show you how we would do this. The common pitfalls, misconceptions about instant success. So what you do is you put on the role of as if, now you're writing a book and you're scrutinizing somebody else's book that's been written. And what you want to do is, you do you want to you want to be very like, have a scalpel go to cutting certain things out of this. Pay attention to what is repetitive. And this is the part that is not going to involve AI. This is, this is really the the work part of it that you're going to do, and this is the real work part of it that you're going to want to do throughout this process right here. Now, one of the things that I did mention as well is if you use a tool like grammarly.com you can go over into grammarly.com and log into an account. I have a pro account with them, and they have a plagiarism checker. So what I can do is I can log into grammarly.com I'm com I can log into the see. Let's go to my Grammarly app, dot Grammarly. And now I'm not going to copy again each chapter, but I'm going to copy a segment of a chapter, and I want to see if the plagiarism checker, what it's able to find based on this, okay, so we're going to go right here, and we're going to do plagiarism and AI check, checking for plagiarism and AI text, or comparing your document to billions of web pages. This section resembles AI text, okay, so it's noticing that these that these are different. They sound like AI. It says it's not that it matches external sources, but it matches patterns that match artificial intelligence. Now, for an ebook that doesn't necessarily matter as much, but there is one really cool resource that I like. It's called un detectable AI, and we actually use this for some of our ebooks as well that we did. What it does is it humanizes your AI, it makes it virtually undetectable from any of these AI checkers. And it runs a number of different algorithms through and it's then able to humanize it to match and to work with a number of different tools that are out there. So this is really amazing. Never worry about AI detecting your text again. Undetectable can help you see what's probable make AI Assisted writing appear human like. So this is actually a great tool right here that I have enjoyed using. It's a little bit of a, you know, it's not unethical, but it could be like a gray area type of a thing. But I think it's amazing, because not only is it one of the best AI detectors at checking for AI, but it is also one of the best at then reverse engineering it to say that it is it. Are not AI. So this says the content appears to be human, which is also very interesting right there, but we can humanize it even more with this.

[82:31] Speaker 0: They recognize that it seems a little more AI like over here, and you can generate a citation if you want to

[85:48] Speaker 0: to say that it is AI generated or whatnot from here. Okay, so Grammarly is great at coming up with grammar. So once you've gone ahead and checked if there's plagiarism, ran it through Grammarly used a tool like undetectable.ai to make it more human, things like that. These are all different tools that you can use. You don't necessarily have to use them. They're not even necessarily like required best practices, but I like them. Whenever I did my eBooks, the ebook that we did, that's exactly what we did. And so then what I'll do is I'll bring that back over into Google Docs, and I'm going to read through the content. I'm going to read through it because, again, this is, this is my words that I'm putting my stamp of approval on. I'm telling people that I wrote this and I approve of it now because it's based off of videos that I created that is a lot more accurate than not because it's based off of things that I've actually said. It's based off of my own content. It's kind of like having a ghost writer, an AI ghost writer. This is really kind of like aI ghost writing is more like what we're talking about more than anything else. So I'll do is I'll read through, and I'll go through and I'll see, are there any thing that is repetitive? Is there anything that is not how I would say it? And I'll scrutinize it to make it more like how I would so COVID follows misconceptions about instant success, so forget it. Mindset about me maybe achieve this success with ads. See because Facebook ads, no one starts out with the intention to lose money. Yet the reality is, most coaches dive in and end up losing cash, not because the ads don't work, because they don't know what they are doing. Okay, see? So I'll add certain sections and things like that into it based off of what I'm reading while I'm reading into it. This often happens because my approach then with unrealistic expectations to succeed. It's crucial to dispel two misconceptions in success guaranteed, one most damaging beliefs, one of the most

[124:21] Speaker 0: unrealistic and disappointment producing beliefs coaches hold is that logic of facebook get will quickly bring in a steady stream of clients and revenue

[129:03] Speaker 0: just by launching the campaign. Facebook ads are on proto silver bullet that can instantly transform business but expecting results. So like, I would delete that line right there. And so this is exactly what I'm saying. Is, is there is I'm going to go through and I'm going to edit this. I'm going to make it sound more like how I would say things. Okay, ads aren't magic. They require testing, iteration, a realistic timeline for generating meaningful results. As a coach, it's essential to approach Facebook ads long term investment rather than a shortcut to fast cash. So again, I want to encourage you to trust your instincts, and I want to encourage you to trust yourself when it comes to doing this. This is one of those areas that I noticed that a lot of times people struggle with trusting themselves, knowing what the best things to do are. They don't trust their own instincts. They doubt themselves more than anything else in this and so, yeah, trust in yourself. Trust that you know what you're doing. Trust that you know your business, your clientele, more than anything else, and that as you start to create your ebook, as you start to edit this, that it's going to be the quality that you're looking for. Okay, now, again, if you're like, I don't know anything about the source material, well, that's a whole other topic, right there. I would encourage you, if you're writing ebook, or using AI to write an ebook, to know something about the source material of some kind, at least, have a background in the information that you're that you're having the AI write on. But again, I can't control what people are doing with this information, and so just make sure that you're reading through each line, each sentence. Go through and actually read the book that it's writing and edit it. Go back, go through and read it like you're reading that somebody else wrote it for you. And. And if there's anything that you're like, Oh, I wouldn't say it that way, change it, adjust it. This isn't sales copy. This is not going to affect the effectiveness of your writing. This is where I would just anything that comes up for you start to start to do that. And, you know, let me, let me ask AI this question. Because, like, I've never taught anything about editing. Like, I'm not an expert in teaching how to edit books. If that makes sense, let's ask AI this if I'm editing a book written by a ghostwriter, what are some tips to know about editing and to look for beyond grammatical and spelling, okay? And this is, this is great, because I'm able to show you how we're able to use AI to do this. Okay? Ensure alignment, your voice and style, consistency, authenticity, perspective, check for clarity and flow. So that's exactly what I was telling you, that they flow smoothly, that there's no awkward transitions, overly complex phrasing, logical structure, remove any repetitive or redundant, over explained concepts that may bore the reader. That's one of the most important focus on accuracy. Um, polish up the voice, enhance structural cohesion. Uh, verify that it's strong. So again, if you're not an expert in doing this with books, that's that's okay. Address formatting and consistency, identify gaps and opportunities. So that'll be the other thing too. Like there's a part of the book that you want, maybe flag it to write a new section for you, engage multiple senses. Maybe include the photos, diagram, test the content, hearing the words. Read it aloud. That's that's one thing that I'll do. Read it aloud. Read your book aloud and then offer it to somebody else to read for you. And this is the proofreading process of your ebook. And if you do this, maybe you have you and one other person to do this that's that's great to do that. Now, another thing that I like to do is in between sections of the book, I like to throw in testimonies. Let's see. Jeremiah's genius is responsive. This is an actual testimony. Let me actually pull the actual testimony up for you so you can see it. So it's not just not like I'm making it making it up.

[202:58] Speaker 0: Yep. Rick Pino right here. So if I copy this as a testimony, right into there, I would put testimonies of people that I've worked with, that have worked with me into the ebook. I would take a lot of my top Testimonies for my site, and I would have them throughout the ebook. So in between chapters, in between chapter segments, it's another thing that I would do, okay, and so that's exactly what we did when we created I'm just going to show you an ebook. This has been downloaded, I think, 10,000 times now, and just has gotten rave reviews. We created this ebook insights trading the hottest sector of the stock market. And so what it is, is it's we used AI exact process that I'm showing you right now to create this ebook. Okay, it's a 26 page ebook is a title page. It's an introduction section, and then we have the chapters. And then in between the chapters, we have student testimonies. Okay? And so this explains a lot of different terms and things like that when it comes to artificial intelligence. I mean, it's a it's a master class in knowing how to invest in stocks in the AI sector and what stocks are really great to look at. It's, it's an incredible ebook that's still super valuable to this day, people, and it's just loaded with testimonies. And then the main thing is, we want people to jump into the stocks Academy. That's the main it's the main offer right here, stocks investment Academy right here, which is 177 for God. Okay, so the idea behind this is that you're going to go through, you're going to edit it, you're going to make it sound like you how you want it to be, how you want it to sound, how you want it to be structured. And then. You're going to be able to go in and put a cover on it, have it ready to be launched as an offer. I would say. One other section, I would add, is an introduction. Maybe write an intro based on your story and dictate it out. You know, when I got started in business, start sharing your story how you got started doing the thing that you're going to be teaching people about. And just call that an introduction, an introduction as to why you're passionate about this topic, an introduction as to why you're doing the thing that you're doing. Have a photograph of you there as well. That's key. Make sure that there's a photo of you somewhere in the eBook. And by doing this, by kind of combining these different things, how we showed you to write the chapters, and you're going to be able to go back and edit them and do that, you're going to be able to create any ebook that you want using AI very easily. In the next chapter, I'm going to show you how to use Canva to create a cover, and we will put it all together as a PDF. And then how do we actually deliver it to people? And kind of build out that end part where people can opt in, they can sign up, and how do we actually get it into people's hands? So I'll show you that all in the next lesson. Have a good one talk soon. You.

