CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-07-01T17:33:56.000Z
Duration: 73 min
Otter ID: tMPN4Dgvj-SSoirC6Y6TApfA-Zc
---

[0:41] Speaker 0: All right

[2:28] Speaker 0: go

[4:48] Speaker 1: live streaming

[12:58] Speaker 0: going alive instant Facebook group now

[17:41] Speaker 0: that proceed and like awesome All right. Well hello hello hello. Welcome on in Welcome to our live feed here today we're live in the Facebook group now we're live in the Zoom call

[28:34] Speaker 1: So today is our live training day for those that are coming on we're gonna let let some people come on here over the next few minutes. Dana, how are you I see you're on here. Hope you're doing well. Hello Carol is in the group. If Carol if you want to join us on the call, you want to talk live with us on there, make sure to join us on there. All right. As a reminder, anyone if you're watching the recording of this next week, our new start time is going to start at maybe some people thought it was this week. But next week, start time is going to be at 1pm Central Time 2pm Eastern. So the emails that we send out, we'll have that updated. We'll be posting that in the group as well. So anyways, I'm thankful for everybody who is jumping in here today. Today is our live training day. As I was mentioning, next week, the new start time we're going to transition that to be at 2pm Eastern 1pm Central Time. And the way that these calls take place is I teach a live training and then we will go into some q&a After the end of the training. I have a number of different things that I want to cover today which is awesome. I've got about five different points slash topics that are going to kind of all come together for you one of the number one things that I want to talk about is some technology tools that I think is going to help everybody how to use the technology in a way that I think is going to save you a lot of time and and energy and help you get the results that you want to faster. And one of those tools that everybody asked me about often is Zapier and I don't know if you have a Zapier account, who doesn't have a Zapier account.

[59:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if you're not using Zapier, honestly, Zapier is one of the lowest cost assistance that you can have in your business because it's like you're hiring somebody to do things that take you time to do and anytime you get stuck. How do I connect this? I see people post often in the group. They're like, how do I connect this software to this software? Zapier is the tool that does that. So Zapier is exactly how we connect one piece of software to another piece of software. And so I just want to show you like how easy it is based on an example of even what somebody shared recently.

[69:59] Speaker 1: They had asked in the group on how to use it. I'm just gonna show you real quick today's call is not going to be all about Zapier. I'm just gonna on touch on this real quickly, because I think that it's just it's an important thing to make sure that you have in your arsenal and that you make sure that your that you're using is you know, how Zapier works. You make a Zapier account. That's the first step. The next the next step is let me go find where's my screen sharing functions on here? Screen Sharing functions share the screen right here. Okay, great. So here's the cool thing. What do you what Do you like to automate? And you can literally you can literally ask it what you want it to do right here, based on the type of connection that you want to make between one software or another. So somebody said, How do I link Squarespace to Constant Contact? Well, you can go, how do I link Squarespace to constant contact. And I didn't even spell it right, but it'll figure it out. And so there it is, what it does is it connects, it creates a zap for you. That takes a submission form right here in Squarespace, and then it brings it into Constant Contact, so that what you do is you connect your account. Anytime you use Zapier, you got to connect the one account to another, you connect it to your account, we can select this one right here, there's my Squarespace account. Then you can go select like the form on your Squarespace site. So one thing that you'll notice is in a lot of the forum builders or website builders, that they have a forum name that you can add to them. So you can select any of the forms that you create. over on my website, like my waiting list form, I could select that. And then I can link this, I could test the trigger right here, I can link it over to Constant Contact, if I want to do that I don't actually have a constant contact account. Or I can link it to any other piece of software that I want to as far as that goes. So I can even go here and change the app that I want to link it to. Here's the other cool thing about Zapier is once you set up a zap, you can go in and edit it later. You can add in steps into it. And they have any really any software that you can imagine they have access to in here. But you don't have to know code. You don't have to know how to do all this kind of API stuff to take data or information or a path or a task or something that somebody does on your website or in your funnel. And you can either have it scheduled something in your Google account. I mean, that's like look at this Google calendar right here. You can literally have it create calendar events, you can have an update calendar events, you can have it add attendees to an event, as far as that goes invite people to an existing event that you have. So there's so many different actions that you can do inside of Zapier. And so if you're not necessarily using it, I use it all the time for a lot of stuff that I do. I don't even really do a lot of the integrations anymore that a lot of the software's have included in them. I would rather go from Zapier over to something as far as that goes. Okay. So just keep that in mind is that if you're stuck with a piece of software, and if you have questions on like, how to do a certain thing with Zapier, let me know like what that is, but it really is that simple. You just go into Zapier, if you're like, Oh, I'm lost here. Now you click on the word Zapier at the top here, anytime you're on a website, you can click on the top corner link of the website and it takes you to the homepage of it. And then you can type in another thing right here you can say like, Okay, how do I get a purchase from jot form over to think if IK or something like that, okay. So if somebody purchases inside of a jot form link, it can enroll somebody into think if ik as far as that goes, and you can add multiple steps like I might want to tag somebody in MailChimp, I might want to tag them over in that and it can all happen in one in one zap. They call them zaps as far as that goes, where it just connects one app to another. And it's kind of like the plugs that pull them together. It's like there's a virtual wire that runs through the internet that connects this one program to another when you use Zapier. And so a lot of the things I noticed like from a technical aspect that people are just banging their head against the table, trying to figure out now can be solved with Zapier most of the time, as far as that goes, and so it's like, I always think of okay, I want to do this, can Zapier do it and nine I have not found anything that I've wanted to do in my business that Zapier can't do, as far as moving information from one app to another or connecting things like that. So there's been over the last couple of months like a number of different questions that have come in, well, how do we do this? How do we connect this app? How do we do that? And the answer is always go over to Zapier and use it. I don't think it necessarily is enough for me to create a whole course on using Zapier because it's just like, they walk you through the steps as far as that goes, you go create a zap, you pick the apps that you want to connect, and then they walk you through Okay, step one, connect this, click that link do stuff like that as far as that goes. Okay. One of the things that we want to really help ourselves with and this is another piece of the topic that I want to get into a little bit later on here today in this training is is that sometimes when it comes to using technology, we can feel out of our element, especially if we're a great coach or a mentor, and we're used to coaching people. And so you don't have to become a tech guru, to be able to build your business. We want to keep things simple, so that you can focus on what you do best, which is coaching people, which is mentoring people. And so a lot of the stuff that we look at when it comes to technology is what we used to do years ago, and it was, it's way more complicated than it needs to be anymore. As far as that goes, Okay? Here's something that I want to encourage you with. If you are stuck, using a piece of software in your business, a realize that's normal. Doesn't mean that anything about your intelligence, okay? Don't take it personally, don't feel like oh, there's something wrong with me. And then number two, ask yourself this. If I wasn't stuck, or I wasn't afraid I was gonna break it. Or I just was trying something out experimenting, clicking around pressing buttons to see what happens, what would I do? And what would I click around and do? I can tell you that that thinking is what successful people with technology that are not tech savvy do as they're willing to because you can't break anything anymore. I mean, it's not possible to break stuff with technology anymore the way that you used to be able to. And so this is something that I want to like encourage you with, is to start to step out there to start to play around with different pieces of technology, to be able to try them out to be able to see how does this work. And this is one of the number one areas that I that I meet a lot of people is they can work through their sales copy, they can work through their their their video content, they know how to coach people, they know what they want to say they know how to say it. But when it comes to like putting the pieces together with the technology, our brain ends up

[196:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: sort of misfiring a little bit. And then we end up getting frustrated because we end up taking it personally feeling like there's something wrong with us. And there's not that experience is normal. And realize that and then take a step back out of it, take a five minute break from it. Anytime that you get frustrated with technology, take a five minute break and be willing to like, come back to it later. But here's something that I want to encourage you and and this applies in other parts of your life and your business too. As I want you to do something that again, it might sound a little weird to some of you.

[207:29] Speaker 1: However, I can tell you that it's a success strategy that I've done for years. That works for everybody, that the people who think it's weird. It's probably just because they've not done it before, or they think that there's something else some secret formula to make things work. And when I tell you what it is, again, I want you to have an open mind to what I'm about to say, Okay? When it comes to technology, especially when it comes to building your funnels. When it comes to using a tool like Zapier, when it comes to coaching clients, when it comes to writing, sales, copy, even whatever area that you're stuck in, in your business is to start to imagine and visualize yourself in your mind not being stuck. Again, you may have never experienced what not being stuck with the ads manager feels like for example, you may have never experienced what not being stuck not knowing what to say on your social media feels like you may have never experienced not being stuck, but I want you to just imagine. And this is one of the things that I like to take myself through throughout my day. Anytime that I'm feeling stuck on something. The way that I get unstuck is I start to visualize myself successfully doing the thing that I fear that I'm stuck on, that I don't feel confident in before I actually have evidence of my ability to do it. And if You've never done this before. Again, I get that it might sound weird, but I want to encourage you to try it out to see the end, before it happens, not that you're ruminating on the end, not that you're thinking about all the results in the end and wishing that you were somewhere else, but rather like the task at hand. So let's say that you're creating a landing page, okay? Some of you, this is going to literally change your life, your whole business by doing this. You know, I've been talking about recently how we have to have the, like a childlike energy, playfulness when we go out there to do things. But that's only part of it. And I've been, and I've gotten to work over the last month to try to figure out what the other piece is. And this is what the other piece is, is what I'm talking about right here is that when you combine the childlike playful energy right here, which is why I say whatever you can do to kind of get yourself into that emotion. As far as it goes, for me, it's actually kind of fun. As I get into that emotion by playing with my son recently, I'm like, okay, you know what, I'm just going to any, anytime I can, I'm just going to play with him as much as possible. And literally, it has made my life, my business, my mental health and everything better. You might not have a child to be able to do that with, but you can play with yourself or your inner child, as far as far as like watching movies, reading books, doing something that's fun, going for a walk, hanging out with friends, things like that, that we give ourselves the opportunity to do. Okay, so that gets us into the childlike state of mind, that opens up creativity. But we can still be stuck. If that's all we're doing. If we're stopping there. The next phase is to visualize with that creativity. And by the way, you you actually want to do this like right before you're about about to do the thing, not like ours before. So that's another key right there is you actually want to do this process. As part of your process in your business. I had a client I was I was mentoring. And he told me the biggest reason why he can't build his landing pages is it's just not fun to do. And I encouraged him, I said, Okay, what if you made it fun? And so what I do, what I like to do is I get into that state of mind that mindset, anytime that I'm stuck on something, anytime that it's just like, I have a headache, I'm agitated, I'm angry, I'm frustrated, it's not working. And listen, these are normal human emotions. Maybe you're like, I don't experience those emotions, Jeremiah, okay, great. Whatever emotion you're feeling that when you go out there, let's say you go into the ads manager and you're frustrated, do you want to pull your hair out, and it's not working how you want it to, and it's not producing the results that you want, whatever that is, that that feeling where you reach, like your breaking point where you want to give up? Okay, whatever you want to call that, where you're going out there, because otherwise, we all have that we all hit a breaking point at some moment in time. And so if you can combine these two things, where before you do an activity that would normally send you into that that state of mind, could be Zapier, like I showed you this morning, could be the ads manager could be your landing pages could be writing your sales copy could be using chat GBT or AI and I'm going to show you some really cool AI things as well to assist with this in a little bit, to maybe dig a little bit deeper into some of this for you. Okay? So right before you go to do the thing, right before I'm talking like, Okay, I set aside an hour to go build my landing page. So take five to 10 minutes in that hour, as part of the activity, not separated from not on the outside of not. When you have time. We tell ourselves, I don't have time to do these things. Make the time, create the time. Learn to take back control of your time. It's another convert probably another conversation for another time as far as that goes. When you create a block of time that you can do something like your landing page at the beginning of it. Do whatever you got to do to get into that creative state of mind. That childlike playful state of mind and then visualize and imagine and the way I like to do this I like to sit down and I'll and I'll meditate tape for about 30 to 60 seconds. And I will, and I will see in my mind's eye, me doing the thing that normally I would be stuck on. And I tried to get myself right to the moment in my mind of where I was frustrated, previously. And then I shift my thinking, out of frustration, and into visualizing something that again, like I said, I have no evidence of at all, in the physical reality of anything I have ever experienced, literally, in reality whatsoever, except in my brain. So you have to understand that what I'm talking about you're doing is seeing something in your brain that you have never experienced, personally outside of your mind. Does that make sense? So like this is the part that that that doesn't make sense to people is why would I imagine something that is not reality. It's not delusional at all. It's about wiring your neurotransmitters to step into a different state of mind, to where you, you bring yourself mentally before you do the activity, to the place where you visualize yourself. Even if you have no evidence in your physical reality of it actually happening for you in this way. You visualize the best case scenario, the outcome that you want, how you would like it to go, how you would like to see the ads manager go, how you would like to see your experience with calling a lead, how you would like to see your experience of writing your ebook, how you would like it to go, how you would like to see your experience of writing your sales copy, go. And you start visualizing how you want it to go in the end. And you actually start to get to the point where you see yourself doing the activity without stress.

[358:40] Speaker 1: You get yourself to the point where you start seeing yourself doing the activity without frustration, even if every time you go into the ads manager, you are so frustrated, I get that that's your present reality in physical 3d space is frustration with the ads manager. But if you can take some time before you go into that physical place to imagine something different that again, you've never experienced before, but you see it up here and you start to feel what it feels like to experience things going better for you, for you to not struggle with the ads manager for you to not struggle with creating your landing page, how it would look like for you to thrive and create a better ads campaign, what it would look like for you to experience writing a complete list of sales copy that actually produces the results that you want. When I go out there to do webinars when I record a webinar, or when I record a piece of content, I imagine. And I used to always imagine all the hecklers and haters, and people not liking what I had to say and, and all the reasons why they would invalidate what I had to say. And I had to literally just push that aside, and start to imagine everybody singing my praises, cheering me on seeing, being so happy with the piece of content that I created. Now, again, in my physical reality, I have zero evidence of that actually happening. But I start imagining, and visualizing and believing and seeing in my mind, things going well, people loving the stuff that I have to say. People being excited about the stuff that I have to say, you know, even when I do a teaching like this inside of the accelerator program, if I come in here and I'm expecting all of you to just think that what I'm talking about is BS I hate what I have to say dislike me and all of that my energy is different. I show up different. I don't teach from a place of my my genius and the really great ideas that I have, because I'm in self protection mode. I'm in a mode of protecting myself from things not hurting me. And so When we go into our business, we're frustrated with the ads manager. We're frustrated with our landing page, we're frustrated with how clients are people are commenting, they're constantly asking us questions that we don't want to answer. They're constantly bugging us and annoying us, that energy comes across. And it's not necessarily just this woowoo energy type of thing. It's literally that your actions turn into habits and behavior that then repel the right people and don't attract the right ones. Because you are not showing up in your best, you're showing up in protective energy you're showing up in, I need to stay safe and keep people away from me energy as far as that goes. And so then when we go into say, with technology, this applies not just with people, but also with technology, it does. That when we go into maybe using the ads manager, we go into creating a landing page, or we go into writing an email, or marketing our business, that if we go into it, afraid, worried, like we touched a hot stove last time got frustrated, almost pulled our hair out. And now we don't want to go back into do that, because that's the memory that we keep replaying in our mind. And if we can start to replace that and visualize a more positive scenario, and some of you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, it's impossible for me to visualize a positive scenario, because I don't have evidence of that in my present reality. That's why we get into the childlike, playful state of mind. So a child has zero evidence of their ability to do things when they go out there and do them. My son, we're teaching him how to swim and the swimming pool, he thinks he knows how to swim, mommy and daddy are there to keep him safe. But he has a visual visualization in his mind that he can swim as good as Daddy in the pool. He has no creative understanding that it doesn't work out that way for him.

[434:50] Speaker 1: And we might say, as adults, well, that's a great way to die. That's a great way to get hurt, that's a great way to lose money. That's a great way to screw up and mess up because you're not using wisdom. And these are the ways that we talk ourselves out of the very essence of what actually creates success in business. is by being realistic, is by operating in a state of mind. Of Well, I can only i Last time I went in the ads manager, I wanted to pull my hair out. And so this time, it's gonna be the same way. I'm so sick and tired of done disapproving my ads, you know? Is that just let me ask you, is that energy helping you? And maybe we think it does. Maybe we think it helps us. It protects us from getting hurt again, and again. And again, by being so frustrated at what's happening. Feel the frustration, that's great. Do it, let it flow through you. And then next time you go do the thing. Take some time before you do what normally frustrates you, when normally pisses you off, what normally is not going how you want. For me it's it's it's hosting webinars. For me, it's doing sales calls for me, it's closing sales, I just I don't like doing sales, but I'm really good at it. And so if I go into a sales interaction of I hate doing sales, and I hate how these people are in my in my mammogram room with, literally my energy repels the right people that I meant to work with. So I have to put myself into a state of mind of imagining it going well, for me, of seeing a positive outcome. Even if the evidence in my present 3d Reality is different than what I visualize. Being willing to get into that creative, childlike, playful, excited, expecting the best to happen, expecting things to go well for us energy, and then stepping into that and visualizing it going well.

[470:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we might say, well, Jeremiah, I don't want to get disappointed. And that's one of the biggest things is that we've created these mechanisms to not allow us to become disappointed in our lives, instead of embracing the process. Is that what if maybe it might be a little bit easier today. And then it gets a little bit better tomorrow, and then a little bit better the next day. And as you start progressing, you start experiencing what like Tiffany has been experiencing where she'll get a few people coming into her email list and she's starting to make progress with her offer. And she's starting to put stuff out there and she's starting to make progress with talking with people and she's starting to had to get people to want to listen to her and connect with her.

[481:31] Speaker 1: And so again, no matter what you do, and and I want to, I want to challenge you on this, I guarantee you, every single person here can come up with 1000 reasons why this is not going to work for your unique situation. Because you're a smart adult. And because your brain has been wired, to try to invalidate everything that I just said here. The human brain of adults is wired to not do this.

[490:42] Speaker 1: Because we have been trained through 40 5060 years of our life, that this is how we get hurt. That this is how stuff goes bad for us. Because we imagined something going well could have been a relationship could have been a friendship, could have been a business could have been a coach, a mentor, a situation that we wanted to go a certain way and it didn't. And then life happened and we got sick. And then we made decisions of you know what, I'm just going to play it safe next time. I'm not going to risk it, I'm not going to step out, I'm not going to try something that I don't feel certain about. And we ended up seeking after guarantees and certainty every time we go out there to do something. And in reality, business doesn't work that way. Because if it did, everybody would be a multibillionaire. The reason why business is hard, is because you have to train yourself to hold to ideas in your mind that yes, we don't want to go back to that toxic relationship or to do that activity that we know doesn't work in our business, the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and over and over again and expecting a different result. But what if you start because you know that doing a certain thing in your business is going to help you. And you start trying something different stepping into a childlike, playful state of mind. Again, I've talked about different strategies for this as well. This is why having fun playing, doing fun things is so important in our businesses. Giving yourself downtime to where you can think about things, and you're not ruminating on all the ways that they could go wrong to try to protect yourself. So they don't happen, those negative ways for you. And you start visualizing all the ways that they could go well for you. And you start seeing all the possibilities of how they might actually just work out this time. If you've been around the personal development space, what I'm saying right now is not new. It's been taught everywhere. But I can tell you as somebody who thought this piece right here for the longest time and justified it as saying, Well, I'm a realist. I used to refuse to do this. Because I wanted to be realistic all the time. And I didn't want to be delusional. And I didn't want to operate out of what isn't real in logical 3d reality, time and space. And I can look back at my life, and I can look back at any successful person that I've ever come in contact with, is that that is a recipe to stay stuck where you are to not progress, to struggle, and to experience some of the most excruciating pain as a human being. But when you can train yourself, to have hope. You train yourself even when you've been burned 100 times before. That's the hard work right there is that maybe you've tried it 100 times before, maybe you've come out there 100 times before you've tried to do this thing in business. You've tried to create a landing page, you've tried to launch an offer. And this is about developing resilience inside of yourself. So that no matter what happens outside of you, your inner game, the inner world, you still have a vision for where you are going. And this is about maintaining and creating a vision when we talk about visualizing where you're going going in your business, we talk about the big picture version of this. But I want to encourage you to shrink it down to what do I got to do in the next 30 minutes? What do I got to do in the next hour? You know, this is something that's been helping me when I actually go and play with my son. Some of you don't know this, but I didn't grow up with a dad. My mom got married when I was five years old. And she raised me as a single mom. And so mentally, there's a gap in my mind as to how to be a great dad. And the first year of being a dad was very hard because of that. And what has helped tremendously is before I go and play with Halston, before I hang out with him. And even while I am, if I noticed, I'm starting to zone out, my wife says, I zone out or I check out, it's because I'm starting to experience those gaps or that trauma or things like that abandonment issues. I started to visualize myself being a great dad. Before I had evidence in my physical reality of how to do so I didn't spend a lot of time around dads with young kids, because it literally triggered that one to five year old and me that didn't have that experience. So I avoided at all costs ever learning what that was like. And now I'm thrust into it full force. And I've had to learn to do the hardest thing I've ever had to learn in my life. And there's not a manual for it. Sure, I can read, I can ask other guys and stuff like that. But what I've had to do that as work more than anything else, is I start to see myself, like when I go to play with Halston, like five minutes before I go to play with him, while I'm playing with him, I start visualizing, and I start getting present into the present moment, I'm not thinking about what I wish I was doing, or being upset or how the past scenarios or all of this stuff might not allowing my mind to wander elsewhere. And I'm learning how to stay present in the activity that I am doing. So that's the third piece to this is that when you can step into a childlike playful state of mind, you visualize the outcome, then we step into being present, with the activity that we're doing. And this allows us to merge the visualization with what we are creating and what we are outputting. Now is it always going to go how we visualize it? Now, that's silly. That's not reality. But over time, it will. It might take a couple of weeks, it might take a couple of months. But as you start to visualize, and stay present, with building your landing pages, with the ads manager, with writing your emails, with coaching clients, with putting yourself out there on social media, and you start visualizing it going well for you. And anytime you start second guessing your question, and here's the thing. Business is a crazy place, because it's going to be it's a mirror to all of the parts of us that we don't care to look at, normally. So what ends up happening is, you can be going really, really well and you're visualizing things, and you're doing awesome. And then boom, you get a message from somebody that breaks you out of that. And it pulls you right back into the past memory of your fear and worry and doubt or you might get a message from Facebook, your ad has been rejected, pulls you right back into the past memory, fear, worry, doubt, insecurity. And it happens like an instant like that when those things happen. Or your landing page doesn't look how you want or it's not connected a certain way. And we go right back into all the things that we have been trying to avoid. And then our brain because that's essentially the version that's that's that's in our brain. It's like touching a hot stove, you get that rejected ads message. That's literally like touching a hot stove. Gosh, I knew ads didn't work. I knew ads weren't gonna work with for me. And it literally pulls us out of being able to see it, do it and we're no longer in the present. Because we're now operating outside of all of this right here. back to how we were before. And so then what we got to do, literally, it's an intentional thing, you might have to do it 510 15 times a day, I know I have to. And my life has gotten so much better as a result, my my marriage is the best it's ever been. I feel confident as a dad, for the first time in my life, I feel the most confident I've ever been as a business owner. I'm making more money than I've ever made in my life. And it's so funny as it's like the money now, doesn't matter as much.

[650:09] Speaker 1: The impact is what matters more to me right now. And I've gotten to that place, because I'm seeing and imagining and visualizing the most positive outcome with my clients, with my ads with my offers, with my emails with my marketing with my content. And I can see things going well for me, before they happen, I start to experience it inside of myself. And then I don't just sit in that and like, get addicted to the feeling, right, because you gotta be careful of that. That's one of the things that I found myself, I can almost get addicted to like the visualization, and I wasn't actually doing the work. And so I had to like, Okay, this is the self discipline part. So self discipline comes in right here. Because this, this can get addictive right here, we can get addicted to just seeing it and not doing it, then we discipline ourselves as once we start to see it, we take the self discipline of actually doing it, the self discipline of actually doing the work actually might not feel as good as visualizing it actually, most of the times it doesn't. Until you start to do it consistently, and you turn it into a habit. And now your visualization turns into a habit and you start generating a healthy, it's a healthy addiction to actually taking action on the things that you want to do. And you're not avoiding, you're not moving away from you're not doing things that are unhealthy for you in your life, or your business now, like, I am so thankful every time I get up in the morning to see my wife and son a year ago, I dreaded it. Because I didn't know what the day would hold. I was scared. I was nervous, I was afraid I didn't feel like I knew what to do. Now we have another one on the way in a couple of months. I'm excited for this. I have no evidence in my physical reality of what having two kids looks like. But I'm starting to see it and feel it and be excited for it and start to declare and have declaration and this is where affirmation start to come in. See affirmations alone. Don't do anything. But when you can go through this process of seeing the reality that you want, you start affirming it, you start declaring it, you start speaking it, you start speaking the reality that you want, and then your actions follow. And again, like I said, you may not see the results immediately.

[693:49] Speaker 1: Your ads might still get rejected. Your landing page might not work how you wanted it to

[696:16] Speaker 1: Zapier might not work how you want it to that coaching call that sales call that webinar might not go how you wanted it to. But if you make a habit of this, it will get better and better and better. Over time, every single day. I promise you it will. Will if you can take the risk to step out of yourself what you normally do. And you step out of how it's always been and what you've always experienced when you're building your business. And this doesn't just happen one time, like you might be feeling it right now. But it's about making a daily practice of this. Now when I go to build my business, I take five to 10 minutes to get myself to visualize the activity that I'm going to do. I started doing this when I'm cleaning my house washing the dishes, swimming, driving my car, you know, I used to have a moment in time. I live here in Austin, Texas. You know, driving a car is one of the most dangerous things that we do every single day. There's a stretch of highway that I almost get so triggered by memory of 10 years Does it go in my life that when I go through it, I almost fall asleep every single time that I got to the point where I literally wouldn't even drive on that highway, I would avoid it. And I tried something else out. I tried instead, visualizing myself going through that intersection without feeling that nausea that that feeling of stress and anxiety every time I go through that familiar highway. Was it perfect? The first time I did it, no, I felt the stress, but it was it was about 80% less. And the next time it was about 95%, less. And then the third time it literally I didn't even notice it till I got halfway through that intersection. And I was like, Whoa, I don't even feel the stress and anxiety of going through this stretch of I 35. Listen, if you've ever driven i 35. From Round Rock to Austin, you know what I'm talking about? Crazy stretch of a road. It really is. But yeah, and it got to the point where I was like avoiding doing things in my life, we end up doing this, we end up avoiding. And I bet you can think about moments in your life where you know that you need to do something, and you're avoiding doing it for whatever reason. Because you don't know how it's going to turn out, you don't know what's going to happen. When we can just take even in the moment, it doesn't have to be before. But in the moment you start to see it going well you start to see what you're actively doing things working out well for you. You know, this is actually something that I'm thankful that I learned when I was younger, is I can tend to build up a situation before it happens with the worst case scenario. And to try to prepare for the best. And this was trained in me. And I was taught this to always imagine all the ways that things could go right or wrong. Worst case, best case, all these different things. And, and and so that's what I had to learn how to do was instead of imagining the worst case scenario, inside of everything, I was trying to do this before something would actually happen. You know, when things go really bad, I'm talking about like a very scary situation. How many of you all have been in very scary situations car wreck, that a child is choking or drowning, or you're in a situation that's like a crate, like, there's a scorpion crawling on your leg or something like, oh, by the way, I've experienced these situations. For some reason, when I'm in those situations I have, I have clarity of what to do, I know exactly what to do in those moments. And I don't second guess I'm just operating in, I have to do this, this is the right thing to do in this moment in time. And this is what I believe has taught me, you need to always prepare for the worst. And plan for that anytime you go into a situation like that. And what I've had to learn intentionally is to retrain my brain. So start to expect the best anytime I go into a situation. Anytime I go to do something, anytime I'm about to go build my business, anytime I'm about to have a client interaction, anytime I'm about to do something that's scary, maybe I'm about to go have a meeting with somebody and I'm not confident in. And so we can talk all day long about trauma and therapy and things like that. And, and there's some resources that you can use. I want to show you something real quick before we go into q&a. But sometimes we end up ruminating all of the ways that things could go wrong instead of just visualizing how they could go right. And we make it an intentional practice to do this. Can I tell you something? What I just shared with you today? I have had every mentor in my life tried to tell me for the last 15 years. And every time they told me what I just told you today, I would slap them in the face, proverbially and tell them that they're stupid. They don't know what they're talking about, and that none of this shit works. And that they don't understand my situation. And that it might work for them, but I don't need that crap. But I need reality. And so if maybe if that's your response, if you feel that way, if you're like I don't need this crap right here because it doesn't it's not doesn't fit my situation. I want to I want to encourage you again, that was me for 15 years. And I just I I was so stubborn, stuck in what I thought was based on my experience my reality what I thought was how things should go that I wish that I had just Oh humbled myself enough, and I think it was related to I was scared is what it was. I was scared to try something different. What if you just try visualizing things going well for you? Just to see what happens? Maybe answer yourself, why are you scared? Why do you not want to do that? What are we trying to avoid as far as that goes, and that's where when we can kind of get to the root cause inside of us, that can help as well, to help us find some of those things. As far as that goes, one of the things that I want to show you is in chat GPT. If you're struggling in your business, I would highly, highly encourage you. Because anybody can do this doesn't cost you anything at all. To just start to talk with the chat GPT AI about what you're struggling with. Maybe you don't have somebody in your life that you can talk to about things, maybe you don't have the kind of money that you can afford a good therapist. But to help you get to the root issue of why something is causing you pain, or suffering. I'm struggling like right here, if we go right here. I'm struggling to stay focused with building my landing page in my business.

[823:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's not fun for me, and I get frustrated. And it's been six months and I don't even have the headline written act as an expert in helping me get to the root mindset issue of this. And let's talk about this to create

[830:17] Speaker 1: a strategy to overcome this limitation. And when you can start to get real honest about your behavior, and what's not working for you and what you need to start to grow in. And then you can ask the AI act as an expert in helping me get to the root mindset issue and let's talk about a strategy to overcome it. Watch this. It's great, you're reaching out for help on this building a landing page is a crucial part of your business. Lack of interest and enjoyment you mentioned it's not fun for you. This could be due to a lack of passion of the task or overwhelmed knots are not seeing immediate rewards. The fear of making a mistake holding yourself to high standards can cause procrastination, perfectionism, overwhelm, and anxiety the project may seem too large or unmanageable, or a lack of clear vision or direction. So strategies to overcome it, break it down into smaller manageable tasks. Start to brainstorm ideas for the headline, and then move to writing a draft. Set goals and deadlines. Set clear, achievable goals, not ones that you keep missing time and time again, but then validate to yourself that you can't stay consistent. Allow yourself to write imperfect drafts. Write a headline that's imperfect that might capture the essence of it, even if it's not perfect. And I would add to that, then use AI to help you refine it. Remind yourself of why it's important to your vision business. visualize how a complicit right here. visualize how a completed landing page will attract clients and contribute to your success. Start to see what having that finished is going to create in your life. Seek support and feedback I would be careful with this sharing it with friends but definitely with a mentor with friends. Maybe not the best example there. Dedicate 30 minutes solely to the focus activity that you're that you're dealing with. So it's reminding yourself that Done is better than perfect. Picture yourself having a completed landing page. Brainstorm, take 10 minutes to jot down some headlines, pick the top three and draft them out. Share some of them with a trusted person for feedback, schedule timed sessions for you to do this work. Five minutes to work 25 minutes at work five minutes a break. Maybe you might do five minutes of visualization, having fun and getting into the zone. And then you start to that it gets the juices flowing and then you start showing up in that way it starts doing that. So like right here. AI can help direct you in those ways. Let's say that there's something more specific for you. Every time I launch an offer it fails and I lose money on my Facebook ads and it's been 18 months since I launched an offer helped me with this I like to add asking it to help me with this at the end of it so it knows I want help with it. The symptom repeated failures of launching offers, the offer might not be resonating, incorrect audience targeting inefficient allocation of budget. strategies for overcoming conduct market research clearly define your offers unique value. Okay, so but let's let's dive into this. Can you help me? I'm doing all the above business strategies. But can you help me with the mindset piece of why I've taken 18 months to get something up again, after a failure? The hesitation fear of repeating the past mistake can be paralyzing high standards and the desire for everything to be flawless can lead to procrastination, doubting your abilities and decisions, feeling exhausted and unmotivated, continue to stress. And we're literally leading to burnout as far as I go. So reframing the failure, shift your perspective reflect on past launches, identify the insights gained. So what we're doing is we're shifting into what are the positives that came out of the past failure, and instead of focusing on what didn't go how we want it to write them down as valuable feedback, establish a small, achievable goal, and then build up to the larger one, create milestones for each. Create a small pilot offer, or a limited time promotion to test the waters again, to gain some quick wins. Instead of needing to do the big thing, join an entrepreneur group or find a mentor or collaborate with a business partner that helps that helps reduce the feeling of being isolated when you catch yourself being overly critical pause and reframe the thought in a more positive light. Practicing daily meditation, deep breathing exercises, and by the way, again, that's something that I do often is I will, I will focus in on I'll focus in on my breath. I'll focus in to on my heartbeat. I'll scan my body from my head to toe and then back up again. And then I will start having gratitude for what's going well, for me, I'll start having gratitude for what my life is, and then I will start visualizing the thing that I want it to be. And so those are those are like, action steps that I like to take every single time that I do the visualization. Once I step into that I did this the other day. By the way, I'll give you an example. I was struggling with having clarity for a project that I was working on for a client. I was frustrated after two hours, no progress, right? Silly. I was being self critical of myself, not feeling happy with myself, I have wasted two hours. And I only have an hour left. Does anyone know what I did? Instead of wasting another hour being frustrated, I popped open a video game for like 10 minutes. Got into like a more playful, creative state of mind. Then I started doing the visualization and meditation exercise for a few minutes, visualizing myself doing the activity that I needed to get done. Now the clock says I got 30 minutes left, I got into the zone, I literally sat down, I have no idea what I'm gonna write for the sales copy that I needed to write. But I sat down at my computer I turned my light on, I started visualizing myself writing the sales copy. And then I started typing whatever came to mind was a great copy. No, it was terrible. It wasn't even what I wanted to do. But the action of moving my body into motion, got me doing the thing. And by the end of that 30 minutes, I had some of the best sales copy I'd ever written. Instead of sitting there ruminating and being frustrated for another hour, struggling as I got myself out of that frustration and into seeing the outcome and then mobilizing my body into action to do the thing that I was visualizing, and then received the outcome that I knew that I could do but still struggled with and by the way, I usually have to go through that process. Anytime I write sales copy. Anytime I'm creating a landing page even as it's it's it's a battle, it really is we're battling certain things in our head that start to come up. But when you can start to implement these strategies that I have to implement every time I do it. And if I have to implement these things, after 21 years in business and the people that I know that you've been in business for 30 years also have to do this. You will be shocked what will happen if you start implementing this as well in your business. Okay. So again, I hope that you can take some of this and gained a strategy or two that you can use in your business to start to see some kind of a result or outcome for you from this today. I know I was a little bit intense, a little more intense than usual. Today, but it's because I'm passionate about what I'm talking about. And hopefully, those y'all that are in here you can see that passion and you can tell where that's coming from. And, and, and why I'm so passionate because I want to see you start to get the best results you possibly can in your businesses. And this is an area where I think that we're very creative at seeing the worst case scenario. We need to start using and channeling that creativity towards seeing the best case scenario. Even if we're struggling to know what should I do with my calendar? What should I do with otter AI? What should I do a chat GPT? What should I do with Zapier? What should I do with the ads manager all of these things, there is not a single and I want to challenge you on this, to try out visualizing, there's not a single moment in time, I thought this was super weird. And then I started trying it out even with playing certain video games. So I like to play competitive sports games with people that are highly skilled on the internet. And they just want me all the time. It's like I'm a glutton for punishment. But when I started visualizing myself winning those games, those video games,

[979:11] Speaker 1: I have continuously started to win. Even on my sports, video games, it's been kind of crazy. That like, it even translates to like video game playing and with my son and with driving a car, but it also translates to copywriting, to creating ads to all of that as if we just start to see how we would like things to go. Even when you're coaching clients, even when you're communicating with a client, even when I'm writing back to clients, and our group or I'm commenting to people on social media started to visualize the best case scenario, not the worst case, the best case scenario, it's amazing how it shifts your mindset, but it also shifts the outcome. And it shifts how things are gonna start to go for you. As far as that goes. All right. So in the group, we, we created a post, we have a post where you can pre submit your questions in here. If you have any questions as well, you can post them in the chat below. And then you can also raise your hand as far as questions goes. And so we have just one that somebody pre submitted here, Tiffany did this is great Tiffany, ebook question. And if you don't know where the post is, I post it right here. In the Facebook group, you'll find it it's it gets pinned to the top as well in the Facebook group to pre submit your questions for the next Monday. Ebook question. I recently had a conversation with somebody who, when I mentioned I'm in the midst of creating the ebook, let me ask you this. Tiffany, was this somebody somebody who is successful with selling ebooks or marketing their business online? Tiffany?

[1005:51] Tiffany Quinones: Yes, yes. Okay.

[1006:55] Speaker 1: Well, there's a there's a mindset that maybe we do charge for ebooks. This is I would forget where you're at. I would not charge I would do it for free as a lead magnet. Okay. Okay. Yeah, if you are, if you, I would instead have the ebook, and then charge for like, a class after that, as far as that goes. Now, the other thing too, I wanted to share with you Tiffany, one thing that I think is important is that eBooks are a great lead magnet, but you still need some kind of a video video presentation. That's on video where you're connecting and presenting what you have to sell to people through video. And that's what's going to convert to sales the most for you, the ebook is might be great to get all these leads, but you're gonna have to step out and start actually getting people to buy into what you're offering. And by doing so, through video is going to be the best way to do that.

[1020:26] Tiffany Quinones: Thank you in the process of creating something I actually have that going through my mind, so of what I can do as far like, as far as like a recorded like class. Yeah, with the ebook. So I have the have the picture in my head and how it's gonna go of what I'm doing. And I'm like, stick with the process. Yeah, do the thing. So I'm actually more excited today than I've been about this whole process. So yeah, thank you. Awesome.

[1030:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Really cool. Carol, great or redo and redo an ebook. I haven't found one. There's a couple that are out there that get sold but they're not I wouldn't necessarily use those ones. I would probably create the ebook in Canva. Or or just make it even in like like a Google Doc and make it like a Canva frame as far as that goes. Are you talking so when we talked about creating a redoing in the book are you talking about like designs or what are you talking about?

[1039:21] Speaker 0: Um, basically I do have an e book for Lately, and it isn't currently in Canva. But I want to like as I'm known, I want to add more things to it more content. And the current ebook that I have is great. But now I want to possibly create one and have it be able to sell it on KDP or something like that as well as possibly.

[1045:58] Speaker 1: So are you going to add like a lot of like visualizations or things like that, like images to it?

[1048:05] Speaker 0: Yeah, definitely. And

[1049:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: so Canva is great for the content side of it again, using chat GBT to kind of prompt it that you're creating an ebook and then filtering your content into it. Rather than having it the way I like to use chat TPT for ebooks is you have it kind of write each section separately section by section. So not like the whole ebook, but like section by section.

[1055:14] Speaker 0: Okay. All right. Thank you.

[1055:38] Speaker 1: Was there another piece so what are you imagining when you say create or redo an ebook? Because that, that, so have 1000 different meanings to it? Yeah,

[1058:36] Speaker 0: just kind of finding like some ideal, like, there's with AI finding the ideal images or, or photos for it to match whatever topic things like that. Okay.

[1062:25] Speaker 1: So yeah, if we're going to be finding like ideal images, or photos or things like that, um, you can definitely use either meta AI or you can use chat GBT to create some graphics for that I like as well, oh, is really good at creating graphics that you can describe what those graphics are instead of Whoa. So like, what would be a graphic that you would like to create? For example, let me let me show you how this works

[1069:19] Speaker 0: in a toilet training business, so you know, a child succeeding on using toilet or something like that?

[1074:16] Speaker 1: potentially sensitive content, okay.

[1077:51] Speaker 1: Look, so I told it, I'm creating an ebook for parents. And now it says that it's not going to be potentially sensitive content because it knew the context.

[1080:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So like, you could, you could tell it kind of like, these different AI is kind of like how you would like them to create it, or different things like that, and start to get specific as far as what you want the illustrations to be there as well. So like, if there's a specific, you really are, when you're creating images inside of AI, you're kind of almost setting the scene, like you're setting up a room in a house, and then you're about to take a picture. So you can literally describe like the decor and like where everything is, and all of that in an image. Okay, so let's say we do something like this. We could take it a step further. And do um, I'm created creating an ebook for parents.

[1096:10] Speaker 0: So, so can I share like what like, for example, I wrote a book and I have a character my book, can I somehow input the character in my book and they could create an image with that character?

[1099:18] Speaker 1: So there are some some of the AI's to do that. Let me see something I need to explore doing this character consistency is one of the harder things that's out there. I'm Carrie character, consistency, AI, images.

[1106:01] Speaker 1: Okay, so here, Leonardo AI Yeah, that's what I was thinking that was Leonardo AI. Okay. So Leonardo AI. So yeah, so you can attach an image as a character reference into Leonardo AI. And if you want more like character consistency or things like that, using Leonardo AI would probably be the better tool for that. That's this one right here.

[1116:33] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's a really it's kind of a more like advanced app, but it does a lot of really high quality stuff. And I've been really impressed with like its output for graphics or illustration as far as that goes and then being able to like important image of a character and then it kind of keeping that same character across what it generates. So, okay, so there's some YouTube videos that I found on there I haven't I don't have an account with them currently

[1128:26] Speaker 0: and what is Pope good for?

[1130:33] Speaker 1: Pico is, it's more for like generating whole gives you a lot of different AI algorithms that you can do from text, you can use different algorithms or different there's different image generation algorithms in it. Whereas Leonardos mostly just just photos or graphics. So you can do image generation right here. And then if we

[1141:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: resize so you can import character reference. Okay, so character reference is a paid feature. There's, yeah, it's a little more advanced to be able to do that, but

[1146:01] Speaker 0: yep. Okay. Thank you.

[1146:36] Speaker 1: So yeah, so, Leonardo, AI would be a good one, if you like specific character in your ebook or things like that they want to do. Awesome. All right. Let's see anyone else any other questions here today? Raise your hand. Anybody looks like some people were definitely

[1152:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: liking what I was talking about today, which is good. I'm glad that was helping some people I really wrestled with what I was going to talk about today but I really feel like that was that was important to share. So um, all right. Anybody else have any other questions here today?

[1161:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, does it look like there's any other questions looks like and so, next week, our call is at 2pm Eastern Time 1pm Central time on July 8, so if you're in the US have a good Fourth of July. You shared like nobody has any other questions at all as far as their business or where they're at with their landing pages or anything like that as far as that goes.

[1170:56] Speaker 1: Okay

[1172:29] Speaker 1: All right, everybody. Well, then we're gonna log off here. And then I will see you guys next week. Have a good one.

