MailerLite - Lesson 2
Date: 2024-09-30T04:53:42.000Z
Duration: 25 min
Otter ID: qEXoXarygTFdmhZPF31QI10-n7w
---

[0:12] Speaker 0: All right, so in this lesson, I'm going to break down how we use Miller Lite to connect our softwares that we're using to bring in leads, and some of the different ways that we can use the software. So I'm going to switch screens here, and then we're going to walk you through this process. So again, broke down in the last lesson all the different dashboards and things like that inside of of Miller Lite, again, one of the features to keep in mind is how the groups and things are are structured groups is how we separate out everybody based on the actions that they take. And so anytime that you have, like, a different opt in campaign or lead magnet or something like that, you want to create a separate group for that lead magnet. And then that's where things are going to be separated out. That way, you can then automate that people going into those different groups and things like that over here in the automations section. And so that's what we want to be able to do, is we want to come up with some way that they're going to be grouped and segmented based on how they come into your ecosystem. Now, a couple of ways that we can do this to set up. Is you can either use the form builder right here, and this is, this is one of the easiest ways to do that, is you can actually create an embedded form that you can add to your site. You under Create Form. And these are, there's really two ways of using the forms like so, for instance, on Squarespace, Squarespace has a newsletter form feature on the landing page builder. And so for my landing pages, I just use their newsletter feature that's built right into Squarespace, right here. You go onto the landing page and you see this. This is a block that we added called newsletter. It's right here newsletter, this newsletter block, and that created this section right here that contains the the items that that it's going to link to. So we push require name field and then that has name, last name and email address. Okay. Now what we have to do is for that to work through this field, we have to connect it through Zapier under other storage options, Zapier is right here. Now to have the Zapier option, you do have to use the higher level of the Squarespace account the different pricing options that they have for that. So keep that in mind as well. To have these different options, you press Connect, and then it goes through the Zapier integration. So we end up adding the form integration to Zapier. And so Zapier is a tool that allows you to connect your mailing list form to any other software. So okay, so if we go into Zapier, I'm going to show you how this is set up. And these are really two different ways that we can set up our mailing list on any site or form builder that we want to do. So I prefer using the Zapier zap this way, because it helps it look like my Squarespace site. So I just link it through Zapier right here, and then you can go and connect Squarespace to MailerLite as to what we want to automate. And now it's going to sync submissions with Miller Lite subscribers. Okay, so right here new form submission. We're going to select that account, and now it's going to decide, okay, which form do we want to use? For using? If we're using Squarespace, we're going to select a form name. Okay, so newsletter, form two. That's why you create these different form names, right here. Let's call this one doggy training. If we want to call it that, call it doggy training. Press save. Okay. Now, refresh results. There's now one called doggy training in here. So if we want to use that one. It's going to make sure that it links those two together. Okay, next we're going to test the trigger. This is really cool, through this copilot thing. So this is a tool looks like it'll walk you through the. Process of doing this, this is a new thing they just added. So, okay, test the step. All right. And then for the MailerLite, you connect this to your MailerLite account. I have mine connected right there, and you want to select okay, Email field, the way the Zapier works, you got to connect these different form fields together. So email address, it goes right there, last name, name for first name, and then continue. Okay, so what that's going to do is that's now going to connect the forms together that way the give the data, the given data was in invalid. See, I see that's okay. So now what ends up happening is, anytime somebody signs up for that form, it's going to run through Zapier and it's going to then send them into Miller Lite. Now if I wanted them to become a part of a of a certain group. Based on this, I would also include the group name right here that they would become a part of. So let's say I want them to become a part of this Facebook ads group right there. I want to resubscribe them. If they've already joined my email list, you can add all of these different things into here. Okay, there we go. Subscriber was added to MailerLite, so now what it did was it actually subscribed the person, the test person even into mailer light. Here's our test person, right here. Okay, and then they got added to this group automatically for being a test email address that signed up. Okay? So now we can publish that. If we want to give it a you can change version number. That doesn't matter. So that's how we set up Zapier, that way to be able to do this if you want it to also track that they are a lead through Facebook, we can go over here to Facebook. Conversions, you could add that. You can add in the conversions API this way through Zapier, okay, so that's how you would link it through Zapier, any other site builder that you're using, you can still do the same kind of a thing as well, to connect to MailerLite. So if you're not using the Form Builder that's built into MailerLite, that's how you would connect it. You would connect it through Zapier, and it would create a zap for the form submissions. Now if you want to create use the form builder, and this might be a little bit easier as well as you go under embedded form, create a form and give it a name, new form, one I could call again. I call this one doggy training.

[138:06] Speaker 0: Okay, select subscriber groups. So this is going to be the first question that it asks you when you create a form is, which group do you want to add a subscriber to? It's because groups are the number one way to segment people out inside of Miller Lite is, is with groups. Okay, so we're going to select this group right here. We're and then we can start designing our form and start structuring what we want the form to contain. So we click on these fields. I can add more form fields to it, if I wanted to. I can add first name, last name, and edit the label right here, first name, Okay, this one, I can make this one be phone number. If I want it to be a phone field, maybe I want it to be an optional phone field, optional.

[156:31] Speaker 0: Okay, let's edit the subscribe button. Send me the training. You can edit what this says, right? Here get access to the free training.

[163:29] Speaker 0: There we go. You can edit the the colors. You can edit anything that has to do with this as well.

[166:51] Speaker 0: So you want the button to be green, I can even do that. Okay, so now what that did was that created a form that I can embed onto my site that looks like this, and I can add that anywhere that I want to, let's say that I want to, let me edit This form,

[176:14] Speaker 0: custom Success Page. This will be a thank you page that it goes to after they subscribe. Custom page. You would put that redirect right here. You would type that in so you so if you're going to redirect them to a thank you page, you're going to put that right under here. Okay, success message that can be right here as well, thank you for joining, just sending you info about the class. So again, instead of thank you for joining, it could be, let's say you have a free class that they're opting into. You can have that be the message that's sent as a success message, or custom Success Page, that's a thank you page. If you have a secondary page that they go to that welcomes them after they opt in, you can put that URL

[189:49] Speaker 0: right in there, so there will be our URL the custom secondary page. Throw that right there. Boom, okay, and now to add it to the site, either you can copy this JavaScript and then the where you actually want the form to go, you put that code on there, and that's how you embed the form.

[200:58] Speaker 0: So you can build a form inside of there, and you can actually embed the form to your site. You can either add this to every page, or you can just add it right to the the head injection of the single page itself. Okay, so we add that now, if I wanted to,

[208:16] Speaker 0: again under my registration, let's say that I wanted to replace one of these with one of the forms you just go in. I like using a markdown field. Add in Markdown, and now I'm uh, you'll notice what the field looks like, because we pasted that code into markdown, it's now going to replace it with this actual field information here,

[218:58] Speaker 0: some test information. Send me the training boom. Automatically redirects them over to that page. And since we have deadline funnels set up, it's actually going to pull me away from there, since that's already set up like that. Okay, so now that's going to add somebody over to

[227:29] Speaker 0: interesting. Oh, you know what? Let me see. I so there's an interesting thing right there to think about,

[231:19] Speaker 0: is that the form it has a subscriber right here that signed up. I

[236:46] Speaker 0: Let's take a look at okay, so we want to add the subscriber to this group.

[238:51] Speaker 0: Subscriber will be added to the selected group. There we go. I. Ah, double opt in. So this is why. Okay, so with this, you'll actually want to turn this off, turn double opt in off, because otherwise it's not going to add the person to the group unless they confirm with a double opt in confirmation email. So that's why the person wasn't added to my list. It's because I had the double opt in selected. So if we turn that off, it'll it'll add them automatically. So again, let's go back again, and we're just going to add a number. To that just to do the test. Okay, we have double opt in, turned off. Now, if we go under subscribers, we go to the group that we told to add it to. You'll see, now there's three people in that group, and one of the people is this test, one that we just created right here. This even has the look at that. It even has the deadline funnel thing added to it. So it even added the web hook for deadline funnel that we already had set up to that we didn't have to change anything in deadline funnel. It just, it just knew that that's coming through that page. So it's gonna, it's gonna grab that information and it's gonna filter it through as a deadline. So that's cool. Okay, so those are the two different ways that you can capture leads inside of MailerLite. That way, and it gives you control over how you bring people in onto your email list, and then that's how you're able to segment them out based on the campaign that you do. Now in the next lesson, I'm going to break down how you use automations, but I just want to show you before that. How we actually create email campaigns? Okay? So if I go in to create a campaign again, you see all these different settings that are right here. I just use regular campaign for most everything. I've not used anything but that. I do want to change my name each time to my name. The subject line goes right here. This is where you'll edit the subject line, and I want to show you in a later lesson again, how we're using AI to write good emails and things like that as well. You can select recipients right here. So I can select all subscribers. I can remove certain groups. Let's say I don't want people who completed my opt in list. I'm going to exclude that group of people that that's going to get the email so that's where groups is so valuable is I can include the whole email list. I can exclude certain people that way. Okay, subject this be the subject field. I'm

[290:08] Speaker 0: pre header. So if the subjects like I love you all, the pre header would be what goes right here. And so inside of I uh,

[294:14] Speaker 0: like, if I go to Gmail and there's an email right here, you can see, here's the email. This is who it's from. This text that appears right here in my inbox. That's going to be the preview header right there. Whatever that that text is that's going to go under pre header right here. So be that preview header. So no matter what's in my email, you can overwrite that with that section right there. Okay, under Content, you either can save templates and you can save existing emails that you created as templates. It's a great way to automate things as you can save existing emails that you've done as a template, go in there, edit them. So like for our accelerator program, we just literally edit the template from the previous week each time. Keeps it really simple. You can you can pull in recent emails that you sent out to your list. They have literally all the emails that I've sent out, and I can pull them into here to use as a template as well any recent email broadcast template gallery. I've not used any of these. I think those are kind of lame, but or you can start from scratch, and I use the rich text editor. I don't like the drag and drop builder. Personally, I definitely don't want to use the custom HTML editor. The drag and drop builder is not terrible. I'll show you the two versions. Kind of how they both look. So the drag. Drop builder just has this border around it. Has this outline border for all the emails, they do look nice, like you have a header on it. You have all this different stuff that you add. You have images and things like that. You have a section that it's like this. So again, it looks really nice. It's attractive, but I don't like doing emails that way, that look that way, because they don't always get through the inbox. So I use the rich text builder, but if you want to do it this way, they give you a lot of different features in here, with the drag and drop, you can drag different elements, like headlines, text, buttons, images. You got different sections that you can add into your emails. They give you lots of different sort of templated pieces that you can add into your email, and then you could fill in the gaps. If I add this piece right here, it's going to now add a headline, an image block, some text and stuff like that, and then I all I got to do is I just literally can go in there and type in any text I want. I can edit this button to say whatever I want. Okay, I can link the button to something. I can edit this image to be any image that I want upload images into there. So you're able to just drag and drop all these different elements. You can either do elements right here, individualized elements, or you can do full sections. And that's what the drag and drop builder is. Is it just it makes it very easy to be able to add different sections to your email to create nice looking emails. All right, pretty simple. Let's see. We got footer section, different footer versions of our footer.

[352:15] Speaker 0: Yep, that's it. That's how you do that for the rich text builder, if we want to create a campaign test, test, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna go forward from there, just to show you the rich text builder,

[359:14] Speaker 0: yes, select recipients, like who it's actually going to go to. Okay, so under start from scratch, rich text editor that looks more like this. There's not drag and drop elements, there's just there's literally just text. So you're just editing text. It's all you're doing.

[366:53] Speaker 0: And you can change the font settings, and that's about it. There's not a lot of stuff to change. You're just literally going to type your whole email up as an email like this and and if you type your email up that way, it's more likely that it's going to get delivered through certain spam builders and things like that. This is how I write my email, and I just use these simple text tools right here. You can change the color of the text, you can add a link.

[377:57] Speaker 0: Can highlight that. I can bold, I can underline. I can change the color of the text. If I highlight this,

[380:54] Speaker 0: make that text be red. If I want it to be a link, I'll I can highlight it,

[383:24] Speaker 0: make it a link. I And that's how the email builder works. So no matter what what you're doing, whether you're sending a broadcast out, or you are doing an automation building out, your email is still going to be built out this way with the email builder for you to then send to your list. So I'm going to show you how you do the automations in the next lesson. But one of the things you can do is, again, if it's going to be like a one time broadcast, you can do send later to schedule when the broadcast goes out based on a certain time. So if you're hosting a live event, you would have certain emails that go out the day of the event. You'd have certain emails the day before the event. This is where you would set that up. You would set that up under campaigns to be able to schedule the email to go out. And we don't actually want that to go out, but that's how you would set that up, exactly, okay. The next lesson, we're going to break down automations. How we can set up different automation workflows inside of here to be able to automate auto responders, automate when people join your list, move them between different lists and things like that. So I will see you in the next lesson, the next video training for this Miller Lite software. See there you.

