Mailerlite - Lesson 1
Date: 2024-09-23T21:00:02.000Z
Duration: 24 min
Otter ID: Q-f3fSimw7Mmn2llM68lZHxlDrU
---

[0:10] Speaker 0: All right, welcome to this course. All about Miller Lite. We had a lot of people ask about Miller Lite because we had switched over to that. I did some research on what were the best platforms to use, and I discovered Miller Lite because a lot of people were saying that, besides MailChimp, they preferred using it as their preferred platform. And so I decided to go with it, and I found it was really great, and I like it. MailChimp is one of the easiest to use platforms that are out there. I still recommend it. I think it's a great platform, but Miller Lite is a little bit easier. As far as setting up some of the automations goes, and pricing wise, it's much more affordable by comparison. For my account with MailChimp, it was cost me about 600 $800 a month. With MailerLite, I can do it for just 50 bucks a month. So anybody can actually sign up for a free account. And the free account is pretty powerful, including some automations. So that's really cool, though you may have to upgrade later to get the more advanced features. Your Free Trial includes advanced features like this. So there we go. Anyways. What you do to sign up? You can type in company, name organization. I would just put whatever like the name of your business is. You could do, you know, don't need like a corporation. Would you just do that? And then let's type in your name and email address here. That's how you sign up for an account with another light. Okay, now they're gonna make you go in and actually prove that you have an account. So here's my login for this new account that I created, and I'm going to walk you through this process here. So I'm going to actually hide my camera so you can kind of see the process of having a new account inside of light. So one of the first things that we want to do is want to go into our email software and find the email that they send to us to authorize the email address. So I got one right here. It says, Verify Email address. It came to my iCloud email. Can see it right there. Click the link, Verify Email Address, right there, and there we go. Okay, so now we verified the email address. Mail verification looks like it needs to be logged into that new account that I created. See here there's that new account. Okay, great. Log into the new account and then verify the email address. So it's going to go in. As long as you're logged into the new account, it'll verify it that way. So now we refresh says email is verified. So you're gonna have to actually check your email to do that, then go under complete profile again. A lot of this info, it doesn't need to be perfect. Just select it doesn't. Most of this doesn't matter. Most of this, they're just wondering, like what you do, and they're not going to do anything based on that. So just keep that in mind, you can either do a mailing address here. If you have an address, you do need to have some kind of a physical address of some kind. I do recommend, if you're doing email marketing, find some kind of a mailing address that you can get at, like a PO Box or like a UPS store of some kind. Okay, go. And this is the process everybody needs to go through to create a new account. Is all of this? See?

[65:19] Speaker 0: That's funny.

[66:59] Speaker 0: Get started. Oh, that Get Started button is not the right button. I need to click Confirm. There we go. So don't get confused by that. Get Started button. Okay, there we go. Now we're in there. We confirmed our account, and we can start doing this. Let's see Confirmation form. Yes, I have an email list. How did I get my subscribers? So basically, you could just fill this out with a new account, and I would just select this opt in based on email forms. Website, and then what they're going to make you do is they're going to make you actually authorize the email address that you're going to send from right here. So here is something that is important, whether you have an email address or not, or an email list or not, whatever the. Domain name is, is going to be the one that you're going to have to send your emails from. And every you can't use a Gmail account needs to be an actual website domain name. You can get a domain name from godaddy.com to be able to actually have a branded domain name. You can go buy a domain name from here, and then what we're able to do is we're able to set up the DNS settings inside of here. So again, if we go that this is the email address that we're going to use, the way that we authorize this is see share free trainings and YouTube

[93:19] Speaker 0: Okay, confirmation email sent the inbox. Please verify the domain. So now they're going to send you an email to that inbox of that domain name. If you again, if you don't have email set up with your domain name, you can either buy email through GoDaddy, or you can go through Google Suite and buy purchase email through Google suite that's connected to your email, but some way of having a working email address at the account that they send it to will be important. Then once that set up, you're going to want to go in and verify that email address. So I'm just going to, you have to actually, like, go to the email address that you told it that you're going to send from, and they have a link that you have to click to verify it. Right here. Okay, so that's going to look like this, Verify Email address. Now I went ahead and verified it. Okay, great, awesome. So that have you used any other providers before? No, no confirmed. Okay, so now form submitted successfully. Request is reviewed. Okay? I Krakowski. So now what ends up happening is, is that what you are able to do is authenticate your account. So you're gonna want to add the CNAME into your GoDaddy account to make sure that it is authenticated. This makes sure that you are verifying the emails that you are sending out. So again, inside of MailerLite, we have all these different tools that they have that you can go through, and I'll break down what the tools do, but we're going to come back to that section to actually verify the domain name and the email account, because that's how you're going to actually be able to send out emails to people. So when you log into MailerLite, this is the first scene that you see right here. And after we do this, I'm going to actually go through my paid account with you so that you can see how it works inside of a working account as we move forward. But I'm just going to give you an overview in this lesson of how MailerLite works. So this is the dashboard to show you how many subscribers you have when you log in. That's what you're going to see if you're on a mobile device. Here's one thing you might not see any of this. It's all going to be kind of at the bottom here, if you're on a mobile device, on your cell phone, and then the different sections actually appear as drop downs inside of these different sections. So like this right here. Here's a drop down that goes to groups and all that. If I expand this out, it's going to be up here at the top. Okay, so just keep that in mind that I got really confused when I was using the mobile app, and I was like, I don't know where anything is. That's why it's that way. All right. So dashboard that shows you how many subscribers you got. I don't really pay too much attention to this page right here, but you can see a lot of it split up into these different categories. So campaigns, this is how we send out and write our email campaigns. This is what gets written to people. This is where we can create predefined templates and things like that as well. They have different templates in here that you can look at under regular campaign. You can go in and I'm going to I'm going to show you how we set all this up for a campaign and how we schedule everything out. In another video, I just want to give you an overview of the software, so to kind of see how this all works. So that's where we schedule an email under subscribers. This is where all of our subscriber information is going to be. It adds you as the first subscriber, right here. Okay? And the way that MailerLite works is that it has these three. Sections, subscribers, segments and groups, now fields and stats and all that. These are some different other sections. This gives you statistics about subscribers and all this fields. This allows you to add different field names in the email. So you can add a number of different field names. These are like additional fields that might be in your opt in form. So that's really cool that you have that ability. Okay, but segments, segments allows you to create a segment based on do a test segment based on the action that somebody takes, like if their email address contains a certain word or certain things like that, if they're in a certain group, what's their action in the workflow? Are they active? Are they not active? Have they completed it? Campaigns right here, was sent, was not sent. Was open, was not open, was clicked. Okay, so those are segments to segment out different subscribers based on different actions. Groups is how we get to decide, based on the different offers that we have, how we're going to separate out all the different people. So a group. I have a group for my Facebook ads training that I created. I have this free Facebook ads training right here, and anybody who signs up for this gets tagged as a specific group once they're done going through the automation. I have another group that they get tagged as as having completed the automation, okay? And so we'll break down to how you set up automations. But the idea is, is that you could create a group like Jeremiah's pals, or you can create, and you can create any number of unlimited number of groups that you want. Accelerator group, okay? And create these groups like that really quickly, and then you can start adding subscribers to them. You can import subscribers if you want to, like, export a list, add a tag, and then import them back again. It will also do that too, as long as you already have the group of people. You can import from Excel, import from MailChimp. You can add a single subscriber as well. You can tell it to show more fields too, to show more of the different fields. All right, you have different groups. You can add people to so groups is kind of the power of mailer light is it means that they're, they're, they're grouped or segmented into something based on an action that they took with you. If we go to set a campaign out, that's everybody go create a campaign, one of the things that they have right here is recipients, so you can select all subscribers, but then I could exclude anybody who's in Jeremiah's pals, or anybody who's in accelerator group. You can also exclude based on segments, so that allows you to include and exclude people based on different actions that they're taking. So it's very easy, at a glance, to select who do you want to send emails to if I want to market a free training, but I don't want the people who already signed up for the free training to get the email to it. That's exactly how we would do that. Okay? Now forms, we'll show you how you set up forms and stuff like this. Forms is where you can actually set up embedded forms for your site. Squarespace does allow you to create a simple form that you can connect through Zapier, but this is where you don't even need to use Zapier. You can just embed a form. You can go create a form and embed that onto your site right here. Okay, you select which group you want the people who sign up for the form to go into, because, like multiple groups that they can go into, you can add new groups into here. Want to make a new group, so then anybody who signs up with this form ends up going into that group. Get the free training now, grab it while you can Okay, done, save, done, editing.

[229:45] Speaker 0: Now you can copy this, whether it be the HTML code, or you can copy the JavaScript snippet. You put this at the head section of your site. You can add the Embed form right here. So inside Squarespace, we would actually add this by going into Squarespace. And I'm going to go back and run down back through this a little bit later, but I just want to show you real quick. Let's see you're logged into Squarespace here. You actually log in. I'm.

[240:00] Speaker 0: It okay if we're editing our site right here. Let's say that there's a form that you're adding to a page. You would go find the page in Squarespace. You would click on the gearbox right there. You click advance, and then you would add this code into the head section right there. There's the universal mail or light code. You could also just add that to your whole site as well, just by scrolling to the bottom down here under system, not system pages scrolling to the bottom, go to website tools, and then code injection, and then I can add that mailer light universal code right there, so then I can add the mailer light form very easily to my website. Okay, all right, perfect. There's that. And you add this to whatever section you want the form to actually appear on. You add and copy this code right there. So that's how you can add forms. The easier way to add forms is to use a Zapier but let's say you wanted to add more fields to the form, such as phone number. That's how you would do that. Okay? Now they do have a landing page builder. I'll show you a little bit about that, but I personally wouldn't build my landing pages in here. The last thing is automations, and this is where we can add in different automations based on actions that users take. If they come in, they either have these templates, like a simple welcome email that you can go in, it'll just when the subscriber joins a group. It sends a welcome email. Very easy to set up. Most of our emails. You can set this up, and you can just use this template. And then you could add on to this template too. You could add, okay, there's a welcome email, and then the next day you might have it delay for a day. One day, you add again, another email that goes out the next day to them right here. And you would edit these emails by clicking design email. So this is where we get to set up our automations based on the trigger. Somebody joined a group. If they completed a form, they clicked on a link right there. They clicked on that link. They can access that updated fields. They join the group right there. There's that so you can have the form show up based on the actions people are actually taking on your site, you have the automation show up. I mean, so they they fill out a form, and then it's going to automate that. They're going to get sent a series of emails because they signed up through your site and they joined a specific group. So that's how that's where the automations are. Again, in a future lesson, I'm going to break down how all that works, how we set that up. I'm just giving you an overview of this. The last thing that we want to look at is down here. Let's actually go back here, just some of the settings. So File Manager, this is where any sort of uploaded files will be. If you upload image files, they'll be right there integrations. This is where you can add in. Let's say you're connecting the API to something that's where you would find that they do have a Squarespace integration. But the problem with it is it adds everybody to one group. So I wouldn't use it necessarily, because it's just going to add everybody to that one group, and then that's not going to work as well. And I don't want to just add everybody to one group, you know. So there we go. All right? Lastly, see this?

[304:36] Speaker 0: Okay? Lastly, your account settings is. This is where you can set those settings, right there, but this is where we want to actually authenticate our domain name. You can go in and you can add a logo, if you want to. You can add colors to your email, stuff like that, tracking, I leave all of that how that's set up. You could put an email unsubscribe disclaimer if you want to inform them about the process. You can add an unsubscribe button. If you no longer want to be a part of the list, just click this link. Or if you no longer receive emails from us, and that's going to be at the bottom of the email by adding that right there. Now under domains, this is how we will go through this. This part right here is, if you go into your GoDaddy account, you. Krakowski and you have a domain name, you click on Manage DNS, and under Manage DNS, this is where you can add in these different records. So these are all these different records that are in here. This is how it connects your domain name and it authorizes it in Miller Lite to tell it that it's okay for you to send email out to people. So the way that we do this is it's going to tell you right here, when you click on authentication, mine already says authenticated, because we already added that. But you'll copy this CNAME record and you'll see name and then value. So when you create this record, you'll go under C name,

[331:58] Speaker 0: name, and then value, okay, and you're going to press save and add another record, because it's actually asking you to add a text record too. We're going to add the name as Jeremiah Krakowski

[336:26] Speaker 0: for a text record, txt and SPF record is right there, okay, And that values are there. Then you press Save, once that goes through, that will be authenticated in there. And then we can just wait for it to verify that authenticate it. And now you can start sending emails from that so it's just waiting. Overall it says you successfully authenticate your domain you can start sending campaigns. So that's the one thing that you're going to want to make sure of, is that you actually authenticate your domain name when you do that, they do have a couple of different like tags and stuff for link tracking, UTM tags. I don't necessarily use these, but if you want to, you can adjust what they are right here, or even add in personalization. There's an integration for E commerce right there. So overall, that's how you set that up. But the main thing that you want to make sure of when you're first starting out is just create your account, get your domain name authenticated, get that working, and then we can dive into actually creating emails and getting all of that situated as well. Okay, we have these different settings right here. You can see email notification, subscriber, notification, activity, notification, this will send you this will send you notifications under preference Center. This is where you can set what it looks like for people to update their preferences. So you can actually adjust the different types of emails or forms that mailer light creates for people as well. Go in here you can adjust what the unsubscribe form looks like too. If you, can add users, upgrade your account, adjust your plan and billing, and that's it. That's that's the overview of MailerLite. So in the next lesson, we're going to go into my paid account that I already have, that I've been using, and I'm going to show you how we actually will implement using all of these for our funnels, and get them set up. Get your domain set up. That's your first step. Get all of that going, and then we can start to move forward, showing you the rest of it. We'll see you next lesson.

