Email Writing - Lesson 3
Date: 2024-11-17T21:20:38.000Z
Duration: 31 min
Otter ID: Mz3eDfn0USojUADdLiO0ji4WzMI
---

[0:07] Speaker 0: Alright, so now I'm going to show you just a couple of the top techniques that I use for actually writing these types of emails. And when it comes to writing emails again, we got to think about what is our goal. Each email has a goal, has a purpose, and you want to have one end goal, one purpose. One of the biggest mistakes we have seen people make with their emails that they're trying to do way too much with them. They're trying to do multiple things. They tend to have multiple call to actions. You want to have one specific action that you want people to take in your email. You want them to do one thing. You don't want to distract them with a bunch of different stuff, news and ideas like that. And unfortunately, that's one of the problems that that we make as far as that goes. And so as we mentioned, like the kind of the different types of emails as well, what is the purpose? That's what we want to that's what we want to think up. So if you're creating a simple email that is just for the purpose of following up with somebody who registered for a webinar. Those are really easy to have right up. And so again, I'm going to pull up Claude, three, five sonnets here. By the way, I'm using a tool called po.com for this. Does the same thing. Abacus AI does it's twice. It's 20 bucks a month instead of 10 bucks a month. I personally prefer po just because of I like the interface and I like the different things. It's a little bit more advanced than abacus. So just realize Claude three five sonnet and Poe is the same as cloud three five sonnet in abacus. I just prefer using Po, alright, so I have a webinar that people registered for. I want to send a follow up email thanking them for registering with the important info of time, ways to access bonus trainings and a reminder of the Zoom call link include placeholders for things I can add later. Okay, so for instance, right there, just once you understand exactly what you're trying to accomplish with your email. Super easy. Can you also give people instructions to keep them engaged, like take notes, make the time to be here, etc. You're registered. Thanks for registering. Here's everything you need to know. Zoom link most important thing, block off time in your schedule. Mark yourself as busy. Find a quiet place. Take a notebook. Keep your camera on, if possible. We love seeing your faces. Here's access to the bonus material, prep work, Review Bonus Material, write down three goals for the training. Awesome. So again, right there for your follow up emails. Let's say you have a webinar or a live event these. This is great for creating those follow up emails for that, okay, um, reminding people of that. Can you make a version of the above that reminds people that the event is tomorrow at 2pm Okay, so now it creates a subject line, right there? Just a friendly reminder. Training starts tomorrow at 2pm same info, yada yada. And oftentimes, when somebody's registering for a live event, that's exactly what I do, is we're going to use almost all the same information each email, and we're just going to edit it, and we're going to have that pull up right there with a different subject line, okay, can you make a version that tells people we're going live in one hour, going live in one hour, starting soon. Here's the zoom. Link, 62nd countdown, quick prep. Join five minutes or five minutes early to settle in. Okay? Create a version telling people that the event is starting in 15 minutes, so you can see right here for your event emails. This is so simple to be able to do this, and we'll have aI write this for you now. Write one that says we are live right now to send

[70:24] Speaker 1: at the top of the hour.

[71:32] Speaker 0: All right, we are live now live. Zoom link, awesome. Make one to send at the end of the event to people who missed it. And then what you will want to do is you want to add some context to this email, as far as, like, what the event was about, we talked about, and generally, you would just pull that from your your landing page right here. You would just pull that from the page with the event. So let's say this is our landing page. We're going. To take these bullet points right here. Okay,

[82:23] Speaker 0: talk about the following topic. See, write a more persuasive email to watch the recording. Okay,

[86:23] Speaker 0: replay ready. Notice you didn't make it to the live training. Wish you could have here's the link. What she missed. Perfect topic. Formula. We broke down exactly 10k launch strategy, step by step, no theory, just actual marketing and playbook, the confidence breakthrough. Wait until you see that. So again, and by the way, most of the emails that I send out in my live events is exactly what I'm doing. I'm either taking the transcript from the live event, or I'm taking the sales letter itself, and I'm having it write these emails for me. Okay, and so I know a lot of people, they're like, I don't know what to say in my follow up emails, before the event, after the event, leading up to it. Using AI to write your emails that way is a great way to do that. Okay, now here's another way that I would write some emails. Let's say that you're doing a promotional email for a training like this. Okay, so I'm going to copy the sales letter to the training, and I can use something like po and I can say this

[103:35] Speaker 1: with Claude sonnet,

[104:22] Speaker 0: take the following training and create For me a lie, a an email that is persuasive to get people to register for it, okay? And this is a process that I'll use for emails, and we've done this for a while. This is to get you brainstorming. This is to get you thinking of some things. Okay, so this is decent, right here? Pretty good. I like that. But watch this. I'm now going to ask Claude. I'm going to say, brainstorm 20 different email angles to take to write 20 different marketing emails to promote the event above, each one should be very unique. Describe in detail each angle, and I will then choose Next, which angle to use to write the next promo email. And this is a process that I love using, is having it come up with different angles to write emails. Okay, the time angle, the social proof angle, the future self angle, the hidden cost, the simplification behind the scenes. Common mistake, expert shortcut, market demand angle. Let's take the market demand angle right here. Okay, now, write me a persuasive email based on the market demand angle, the three $50 billion opportunity you're missing. Online Course, market is exploding. Let me share some numbers with you that'll surprise you. The E Mart learning market projected reach three $50 billion by 2025 growing by a staggering 21% annually. It's not a typo, but here's what's more interesting. 79% of users would pay more for a course that solves specific problem. The average online course creator earns seven to $10,000 a month. 48% of course creators started with zero audience, and the demand for online education has grown 900% there's never been more money flowing into online education than now. But isn't the market saturated? Actually, it's quite the opposite. Only 3% of course, creators generate 90% of the revenue. Most are doing it wrong. New niches are emerging. The market is expanding. This Tuesday, I'm hosting a live event where I'm going to teach you yada yada. So, right? I mean, that's an amazing email, right there. Okay, um, can you edit this market demand email and make it a bit more FOMO inducing and use less statistical numbers? Okay? And maybe I don't want to use a bunch of numbers, but I wanted to be more persuasive. The Online Gold Rush. Something massive is happening. Online education, major companies pouring billions in online learning. Universities are scrambling. Why? Because they see what's coming. That's one of the biggest opportunities. Aren't with big platforms. The real money is made by individual course creators. Every day I see new course creators hitting the market, making 10k a month, and while others are waiting for the perfect time, worried about competition over this is amazing. It's an amazing email right here. And so I was able to take one of those angles and adjust it and tweak it this way. And now I can play around with this, and I can say this. Watch this. You. It for a promotional email. And again, I do this all the time for my marketing emails, and the final version, I might then go in and rewrite it just a little bit based on this. Now, watch this. Okay, act as an expert in email marketing and promotional emails, assess the email above and give improvement recommendations based on direct response copywriting and sales and then rewrite the email based on these recommendations. Okay, and this is something that's important, telling it to see ways to improve and then come up with a better direct response marketing language. Everyone is laughing at me for starting too late. Don't let this be you last minute client confessing that broke my heart. I knew the online I knew about online courses back in 2022 but I started too late. Now I watch a complete beginner make $20,000 doing exactly what I wanted to do. Don't let that be your story right now, regular people are okay. See, let's not use testimonies in the email. Let's rewrite it

[180:32] Speaker 1: without them. Okay? Because maybe I

[181:14] Speaker 0: don't want to use testimonies. Look what's happening in the course credit world right now. One of the craziest thing I've seen in online space, complete beginners equals zero following zero text sales zero experience quietly building 10k a month courses, and they're doing so in the most unusual niches. Meanwhile, highly skilled experts are sitting on the sidelines. How much long are you gonna wait? Okay? And by the way, this training is an instant access on Demand training not a live event on Tuesday. Please edit the email based on

[191:31] Speaker 1: that. Okay, perfect.

[192:46] Speaker 0: Good news is you can get instaxes, exact system that's working right now in the course creation world. In just 42 minutes, you'll discover these processes. This is a great email. This is something that maybe I will send out to my list tomorrow, and that's exactly what I like to do for coming up with different emails. Okay, now let's see. Let's brainstorm 20 angles to write a new email for. And what's cool is you might save your thread here in po with the different emails and write up different emails to send out, have it brainstorm different angles for a new email like that. Okay, micro niche gold mine.

[206:01] Speaker 1: Let's see

[207:00] Speaker 0: time. Let's do time freedom. Let's write one from the time freedom angle. Talk about how I only work five to 10 hours a week while spending time with my two kids under

[211:45] Speaker 1: two. Okay,

[212:37] Speaker 0: perfect, daddy. Can you play with me? How I work five are the way, but two toddlers. 2:30pm I'm building a Lego tower at my two year old, one of my eight month old. Naps upstairs. No rushing back to zoom calls, no checking slack messages, no guilt about what I should be working on. Meanwhile, my line course just enrolled three students. That's $2,000 and you know, maybe I'll adjust those. This isn't a humble brag. It's possible for you by building a course. My typical week, two hours updating course content. It's actually very true, answering student material, one hour planning new material. And I work maybe about 10 hours a week, but taking my kids to the park made more. That's exactly what my days look like. This is awesome. So another great email, good email. Let's make it a bit more persuasive. Act as an expert in email marketing copywriting and assess email above and then update it with the recommendations. Okay, I didn't spell recommendations right, but you get the gist. Okay, daddy, I hate when you're always working. Flip the script. I flip the script. Two months ago, my two year old said something daddy always says, No, play working. That was my wake up call.

[234:47] Speaker 2: No, I don't

[235:04] Speaker 1: want to use this negative angle. Can you try?

[236:53] Speaker 0: Okay, so again, we're not going to use all the ideas that it gives us right now, I'm hoping my two year old build the world's wobbliest little Lego tower. My phone just lit up another course sale, nine. $97 another family memory price list. This is what financial and time freedom actually looks like, not on the beach in Bali, but right here in my living room on Tuesday afternoon. This that's awesome. Another great email. Great. So again, that's exactly what you can do when you're promoting your business. When you can start marketing your business, you start to come up with these different ideas. And one of the other ways that we'll come up with ideas is maybe we'll say, you know, generate me

[248:17] Speaker 2: a prompt to use to ask AI how

[249:20] Speaker 0: to create 20 Instagram reels make the best prompt based on the above topic. Okay,

[251:29] Speaker 0: so what it's doing, it's actually going to generate me, Instagram real ideas right here. Okay, and now I'm going to go over to llama, because llama is a little bit better at Instagram based content, and we're going to have it come up with 20 different reels, morning routine with kids, automated email marketing, how I how I spend? I used to spend hours in email. Now I see family time is non negotiable. Time blocking for productivity, behind the scenes of a course, launch. That's kind of cool. Okay, now watch this, write an email to promote the above based on this. So what I did was I had it generate me an Instagram reel. And I'm not necessarily going to use the Instagram reel, but I'm having it generate me Instagram reel ideas. That then I can have it reverse engineer into an A marketing email right here, behind the scenes, what my latest course launch really looked like. Ever peak behind the scenes of a course launch, most people think 18 hour work, days, constant stress. Here's what mine looked like. Can you make it with less numbers and simpler language, no fancy office setup, no complicated setup, just me and my laptop, two toddlers helping daddy work because it launches. I set up a couple emails with my toddler, quick work during nap time, final checks after bedtime stories. The best part, it all runs on autopilot while I'm at the playground, pushing swings. My course is welcoming students, sending welcome emails, processing payments, delivering content. Is it about working harder? It's about having the right setup. Okay, awesome. So you get the gist. That's how I like to write different emails with with AI like this, and here's another way that I might write it. Here's another process. I'm going to show you another way. I'm giving you a lot of my main ways that I'm that I use AI to write emails. And so again, the goal is each of these emails can stand alone. I think a lot of these ideas are great that you can use to send emails out. We gotta get past overthinking our email marketing. We gotta get past overthinking having the perfect email to send out to people, and it's more about consistency. It's more about consistently showing up and sending emails rather than having the perfect email to go out. Okay, so just I want you to keep that in mind as you're doing this process is it's not about perfection. It's about consistently. You as you grow your email list, we got two options. We want to send our offers to our list. We want to nurture them with content. We want to continuously improve how we're interacting with people based on that and so again, here's one of the ways I'll do this as well. Here's a podcast episode. I have the transcript of this podcast episode right here, and you can do this with Instagram content. You could do this with your webinar content. If you get transcribed as I will take this and I'm and I'm going to have the AI go through this, and I'm going to say I want to write a persuasive email to promote a new podcast episode. And again, you could fill in the blanks for webinar. You can fill in the blanks for ebook, anything. Okay, take the transcript below and generate me 20 unique angles for the email we could take. Okay, so then I pasted the podcast episode transcript. Now let's see what angles this wants to do.

[317:52] Speaker 1: All right? I'm.

[320:17] Speaker 0: Live versus evergreen versus hybrid. All right, write an email to promote this podcast episode with this angle, and you could also you

[326:27] Speaker 0: I use some of these angles as well, so I might combine three different angles that it gives me into the email, live versus evergreen versus hybrid, which works if you've been wrestling with whether to go all in with live launches or switch to Evergreen. As a father of two under two, running a multi million dollar coaching business, I've tested every funnel strategy imaginable, and here's I've discovered the old live, live launch or die approach is dying. In this week's episode, I break down why top coaches are quietly abandoning pure live launches, the shocking conversion rate difference between live versus evergreen, how we built a hybrid system that's a scale and be present with our family for family dinner. Here's reality. Live launches are great for Bucha cash cash injections, but they're exhausting. Evergreen funnels give you time freedom, but can feel slower. The solution is not either or. I review how our exact hybrid approach gives us consistent daily sales, bigger paydays from strategic live events and actual time freedoms that have been chained to live schedule. That's a great email, right there. Okay, um, can you review this email and generate 20 unique angles that we could adjust this email based off of to improve it. So again, maybe I'm not rewriting the whole email, but I'm coming up with some angles for different openers stuck in an endless cycle. Okay, this is great. Last week I put the kids to bed. Quick question, when's the last time your funnel made you money while you sleep? Okay, let's try this.

[352:36] Speaker 1: Actually. Let's try.

[353:16] Speaker 0: Let's try both of these and update the email above. Okay, we're gonna take these two angles right here. A little bit of that quick question. When's the last time your funnel is profitable while you slept? Everyone's preaching the gospel. Live launches. They're wrong, and I got the data to prove it. Here's the truth while live launches component press of numbers like a hamster wheel you can't get off of. You're either launching and preparing to launch and there's no in between. Okay, can you adjust the email to make sure it's clear? And it's a podcast episode? Okay, quick question. I just dropped a controversial new episode that's already stirring up debate. In the coaching world, everyone's preaching the gospel. See, let's not talk about it, stirring up debate. Let's lead with benefits, all right, and this is how I'm adjusting, that you don't want celery sleep. No, episode shows you how. Just released a new episode that's going to change how you think about growing your business. When's the last time you're following you money while you sleep? If you're still doing live launches, I bet the answer is never this practical 30 minute episode. I break down the exact hybrid system we're using to get sales 24/7, why 2% evergreen conversion can actually outperform a 10% live launch and how to build a business that grows whether you're working or not. Look, I get it as a father 202, running a multi million dollar coaching business, I couldn't keep writing the launch roller coaster, so I developed something better, a hybrid approach that I break down step by step. That's, that's great, and that's, I think that's much better than the email that that wrote right there. So what you can do is you can take your content. You can take whatever you're promoting. What you want to think of is take like, one piece of content, and the email is going to tell a story of some kind. It's going to unpack some of that story. And I want you to think about too, if you opened an email like this, would you read it? Would you Would it be something that you would want to read yourself, and that's another great perspective to take. Now the last thing to do is I'll take, I might take an email like this, and I'm going to rewrite it in my own words, because, again, I don't ever want to just take AI for what it outputs. If you're anything like me. I'm going to take it, I'm going to rewrite it, and I put myself into a mindset of rewriting it how I would Okay, want your business growing while you spend time with family. New episode breaks down how? Okay, so there's the subject. Then we're gonna do body I just launched a new podcast episode all about hybrid versus evergreen versus live launch about evergreen versus. Is live launch in your business, and why I believe now that evergreen is the best way to go, if you're anything like me, chances are you maybe got burnt out trying to, trying to constantly launch a new offer all the time, and having to show up live. I get it. I got two kids under two. That's why I made this episode for you in this practical 30 minute episode, let me see practical. So what I'll do is this is actually a way that I'll edit the emails. I'll say, Finish the following email below, but But use what I wrote verbatim to start it. That's going to use what I wrote verbatim to start the email off.

[420:03] Speaker 0: Perfect. That's great. No more missing bedtime stories because you're launching. I mean, no more missing time with your kids or your family while watching this email sequence. Blueprint is worth a 40 minute listen. It's what turned our evergreen funnel into meta. Wow. Okay, great. So right there. That's an email that I can send out to promote my podcast episode, to promote that you can do the same thing for YouTube videos, you can do the same thing for different content. So as you're creating nurture content, sending emails to your list about the content that you're putting together, not just your offers, not just what you have for sale, but also different pieces of content and value that you have to deliver that's going to be really, really valuable, because you're going to be sending way more value than than sales pitches to people. And this is the exact method that I use when we're writing our emails. This is the process that I like to use with AI, and I go back and forth with it, toss some different ideas around. But what we'll do is I use it to brainstorm the email, give me a foundation to start with, and then I will actually edit it, and I'll start to scrutinize it, and I'll start to say, okay, is this how I would say it? Let me adjust this. Let me reread it in my own words. And what it does is it just it completely removes your need to have to constantly come up with new emails all the time. And rather, you're able to use the AI as a tool where you come up with what your goals are. You come up with what you're going to send to people you you come up with the content, you come up with the context, you come up with who it's for. You come up with what your call to action is. And the AI starts to piece those pieces together about 80% of the way there for you. And then you just bring it home. You just bring it home. The finish line and and the amount of work involved now with writing your email goes down tremendously by being able to do this. Now again, if you're just sending out AI written emails, they, they're they, people are going to notice that. So you know, get your own cadence, get your own flow, get how you like to write emails. As we mentioned too, you could go join a swipe file of other emails. You could take other emails that other marketers created and send those out to your email list by having it rewrite those emails based on the topic that you have right here, like, for instance, let's just say that I want to go take a podcast episode that another marketer might have sent me, and I want to look at this, and I want to say, okay, podcast, let's see.

[463:34] Speaker 1: Here's a no, that's not a good email. It's not even a great email. Let

[466:03] Speaker 0: me just take one of my own previous emails right here. Here's a previous email that I wrote for my podcast. Okay, I'm just gonna say, rewrite the above based on the template below, but for the context and topic of the above, and I'll paste that email that I wrote and it's going to then rewrite it for me, ready to pick your profitable niche business ideas, okay, but I'm

[475:37] Speaker 0: but write the email based on this one.

[478:12] Speaker 1: I don't think it. I.

[480:17] Speaker 1: Let me see here.

[481:16] Speaker 0: Use that template, but make it be geared towards this podcast episode.

[483:45] Speaker 1: It'll paste the transcript in there and see how that does

[484:48] Speaker 0: finally skip the live launch hamster wheel. I just launched a new hybrid podcast. New podcast all about this method, the truth about live or evergreen versus launches. If you're like me, you're choosing between consistent income and family time. I get it. Got two kids under two. This is great. This is a great way to do that. It has the links to YouTube, Spotify all that. So you could paste an email in there from somebody else, another email, and have it rewrite that email as a template for you, so it'll use that existing email as a template and then improve it for what you're doing from there. All right, I'll see you in the next lesson. We'll talk soon. Bye.

