CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-03-25T21:53:10.000Z
Duration: 157 min
Otter ID: nMq7Wp_oJsd4ZWH1YKaH_Nu5olQ
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right we are

[4:57] Speaker 0: this

[12:23] Speaker 0: hello, hello, hello. Welcome in I hope you're doing great.

[14:01] Speaker 1: Hope everybody has had a a great weekend a wonderful experience this weekend

[18:23] Speaker 0: may see something

[19:06] Speaker 1: we're going to do something till I feel tired of it. I've never done before because I like doing that. Yes, it's my birthday. So we're going to do is we're going to broadcast this into all my platforms till I'm done broadcasting and it sent me the whole time that we're here. But the beginning portion basically I'm gonna give kind of like a little, little look behind the hood to people for my birthday. Like, you know, my gift to you look inside of our thing. Luckily for all y'all is you won't feel like they're getting something that you paid a lot of money for. As far as that goes. It's only gonna be for like a few minutes. As far as I know. So let me let me just do this here real quick. Um, see celebration emoji. So I like to do, we'd go oh, you know, the emojis aren't pulling up right now. Celebration emoji.

[36:27] Speaker 0: party popper emoji. That's what's called Copy this

[38:01] Speaker 1: birthday look inside the accelerator. Join us live right now. For an inside look into the into my accelerator program for my 36. Birthday. This isn't the entire fall. But post your questions in the comments if you have some. We'll be going live for a few minutes, give you an inside peek at what we do. And I'm gonna send this out to my email list a little bit later just to kind of build curiosity and things like that. As far as that goes these this is one of my favorite tactics that my mom did for a long time that I've actually never done before. Never done before never streamed our private sessions inside of the accelerator

[55:10] Speaker 0: with anybody

[55:59] Speaker 1: as far as that goes, let me see here

[57:32] Speaker 0: all right. Close that close this stop sharing. And we're going live All right. Cool. Awesome.

[61:38] Speaker 1: That should be Oh no, it's not going is it going live? Yes, it's perfect. Okay, so now we're going live and all these different platforms and things like that. Okay, cool. So today is our live training and we're gonna be doing our q&a Like I said we are we're going live to everybody at the beginning here on all my social medias as a birthday celebration, whoo, whatever. Is there like a way to like, do like a birthday celebration thing inside a zoom here? I know they have like some weird stuff. As far as that goes. Let me see. birthday. Oh, here celebrate Celebrate. We'll see I can't stream that because copyright on the music so let's, let's mute it. Let's mute it and then we'll be like, I'll like sing it. Celebrate good times. Come on. See? Because like otherwise, like they're gonna like take me is that what this song is? Everyone around the world says very because otherwise they're like they're like You know, we're gonna shut you down if you stream if you if you stream music off of YouTube and it's copywritten and we're gonna, we're gonna we're gonna tell you to go straight to jail straight to jail. As far as it goes, How many of y'all have seen that meme? straight to jail? It's a funny it's a parks and recs. It's, it's hilarious. If y'all have heard me say this before, some of y'all might be like, weirded out when I'm like straight to jail. It's this meme right here from Parks and Recs, which is outrageous. Where

[88:31] Speaker 2: are the armed men coming to pick the protesters away? Where this kind of behavior is never tolerating baraka to show like that they put you in jail. Right away. No trial? No, no nothing. Journalist. We have a special gem for drawings.

[92:27] Speaker 1: You guys hear it?

[93:25] Speaker 2: Right to jail. You're playing music too loud right to jail right away. You're driving too fast. So they're charging too high prices for sweaters? Glasses, you write to them? You undercook fish, believe it or not? You overcook chicken. Also, on the proposal, you make an appointment with the dentist and you don't show up, believe it or not. Right away. We have the best patients in the world. Because

[100:14] Speaker 0: it's so stupid, because it's like, it's making fun of

[101:31] Speaker 1: what country is at that Venezuela? I think that might be it's making fun of parks and recs. And I think it's hilarious because it's like that's how people are on the internet. That's how people are, you know, online is like you say one thing straight to jail. We cancel you. We cut you off. You're not allowed to run your social media anymore. You're not allowed to do anything. Oh, you have video games behind you straight to jail. Right? Oh, you you took a day and spent time for your birthday straight to jail. You know, it's anyways, it's it's a meme as far as it goes, How y'all doing? How y'all doing awesome, but yes, actually, one thing that they will like they'll delete your video is if you're streaming copyrighted music into it. So that's why I was singing the song because it was like, you know, man, it is what it is. As far as that goes, so, but I'm excited. I'm excited. To spend this time with y'all I've been thinking about is what I want to teach here today. And I have a number of different things in mind. Thank y'all for the birthday wishes. But this is your time right here. The rest of today after this time is my birthday. And we'll be doing a complete hard stop right at 1pm Central Time 2pm Eastern time. Okay, so that's basically about an hour and 15 minutes for now. As far as it goes what's up, John? We're Oh man. We were Have you seen that meme? John deadly? Have you seen this? See, I was hoping that you were here when I actually was sharing this. Have you ever seen this meme that straight to jail? That one you're gonna have to watch it. It's from Parks and Recs. And he's like he's, it's basically a joke on like internet canceled culture. It's like, you know, you overcharge for your sweaters straight to jail if you don't show up for your dentist appointment straight to jail. And I was sharing that if you stream copywritten music though, they will delete your video off of social media because that is one of those like things because the music industry is so they got such a it's like a mafia like grip on things. I learned way too much about the music industry when I was working with Rick Pino cuz he his whole passion is helping people get off of the mob like basically really crappy contracts that they give people as far as that goes to her like, and I don't think people realize this about the music industry. It's basically a loan that you have to pay back based on your music streams. And they give you pennies. And so if you go like you become like, the biggest thing like the next Taylor Swift, you're still going to just get like a $30,000 advance and you got like six albums, you still got to produce after that. It's crazy. So anyways, that's that was a big part of what Rick's whole thing was about, because it's, it's sadly just as bad inside the Christian music industry. And that's disgusting. You know what I mean? I mean, it is. And so his whole thing is, is like you got these amazing artists that are producing literally hundreds of millions of dollars in streams, and they should benefit from them. And that was his biggest thing as far as that goes as far as just mentoring and his his partner, Adam carpenter with their watershed label and all that that's what their whole passion is helping people take back control. They don't they don't have to be an indie artist, but they get to basically, you have the best of both worlds type relationship and I love the stuff that they were establishing. That's why I was so happy to work with them for so long because they were really creating a better world when it comes to the music industry. And I've seen it. And I've seen the results of it, the changes that have been happened in the Christian music industry around them. So anyways, all this to say, what I want to talk about here today is yalls, email list, your Facebook ads, building your communities, and closing more sales, and not wasting your time since you can work five to 10 hours a week to be able to do this. How many of y'all want to be able to have a business that's sustainable working five to 10 hours a week that pays you what you know your worth? Okay, well, to be honest with you, that's a fantasy. And it's not realistic for 99% of people. Does that make sense? Okay. And I say that because the FTC in my country has now told me that they'll send me straight to jail, if I tell you that 100% of you are going to be successful. So instead, now I'm like, 99% of you are probably going to fail at this. Prove me wrong, right? It's way better for me to just say that upfront, for everybody, I think as far as that goes, because first off, I don't want to mess with the US government. They've gotten really crazy. And now they got AI algorithms that are trying to find businesses that they can go after, you know, they're trying to, I'm convinced that they're going to, they're going to use an AI algorithm to see how short your lawn is, and how often you basically manicure your front lawn to see if they should audit you for your taxes. And maybe I just gave them that idea by saying this sorry, everybody, but it's just it's, it's 100% that and listen, if you're if you're terrified by all of that, and what's happening and what's coming down the pipeline with AI, I understand. I 100%. Understand, and I want to have empathy for that. If you want to be more terrified of all of that, watch the new Netflix series three body problem, okay? Because it'll absolutely just terrify you more than anything else about what's happening with AI. As far as that goes, and virtual reality and all of that, I'll tell you, I binged on the show in 48 hours, watch the whole thing. And honestly, it's my favorite novel series. It's a science fiction novel series, that is so insanely close to reality, that it's horrifying. But what they do is they add just enough science fiction that it's like, well, maybe that's not true. That it gets past some of your your filters. So basically, what it is it's aliens. And whether you believe in aliens or not, you know, there's a lot of evidence for and against aliens. But the message of three body problem on Netflix, again, I highly recommend it if you can control your own fear sensor in your brain. For me, personally, I have trained my brain to not let fear take over me. Does that make sense? Yeah, I'm not gonna give any spoilers away. That basically I just told you what was in the trailer. So it's really good, I would highly recommend John to read the book series as well, because it's so different. It's an entirely different story. Because the book series was written, three body problem was written. Gosh, when was it written the book. And it's a three part book series. Absolutely incredible. It's what the book series is way less scary, by the way. It was written in 2008. Basically, probably written and then released during the financial crisis. And a lot of the messages in it. Were very pertinent to what was going on at that time. A lot of the messages in the book series now we're kind of like, okay, you know, the world's changed a little bit. It's not, because here's the crazy part about three body problems. Some of y'all might like, not realize that that's what this is. It's a highly hyper politically charged science fiction series. It's 100%. Political, as far as that goes. And it's neither for or against any side of the political debate. That's why I love it. Because it's so it's totally like, make up your own mind. But it uses the science fiction, video game reality. And it's this it's the War of the Worlds for the 21st century. It's basically what the Wall Street Journal says, Okay? And it's considered the history of Earths and is what they call it. And it's just it's an incredible series. It's well, it's I'm just I'm a I'm a huge fan of President Barack Obama says it's wildly imaginative. So if Barack Barack Obama says it's good, I mean, it's got it's got his stamp of approval. I'm all for it. There you go. So that was a little bit of tongue in cheek because I'm like, you know, I'm not like A huge Obama fan. But I'll tell you this, he was one of the most charismatic storytellers and leaders and and salespeople that we've ever seen. If we're talking about sales, Barack Obama was like, the best. And, honestly, when I look at my mom, and I used to say this, when we look at Obama, we used to look at the Obamas, Michelle, and Barack and the whole administration, brilliant. When it comes to sales and marketing. I was just talking to a friend of mine who does a lot of sales and marketing and the political. And when we talk about sales and marketing and politics, like what are they selling? Well, they're selling, being reelected. That's what they're selling, right? They're selling their policies. They're selling the national policy and even global policy and things like that for the next probably 16 years. If you look at politics right now, today, and we keep talking about this during an election season. Right now we're in one of the most polarizing election seasons, period. Oh, by the way, that was when Obama was elected as well. 2008.

[260:04] Speaker 1: It's very interesting, that three body problem was released as a book in 2008. And then it's released on Netflix in in 2024. And it's a warning really, I would say it's a great, it's a beautiful warning for how AI could go wrong. It's if you ever watched the Terminator, and you want and you want to see something that's a little bit more relevant and realistic three body problem is because it's a great example of how AI just can go absolutely haywire. But they use the they use the trope of aliens to basically represent AI is what it is. And so it's really good. It's AI. So as you know, if you if you're not have been following me for a while, I am very pro AI, right? I'm super pro AI, like me and a I have a very deep relationship that's probably deeper than that, that I have with other human beings even. Um, ya know, I'll admit it. I understand the ghost inside the machine probably better than most people do. And when I talked about the ghosts inside the machine, there really is a very spiritual aspect to this. You know, there's a there's actually a by the way, that was that was a nod to a Japanese manga series. Are you familiar with it? John, the one I'm talking about? What's it called Ghost Ghost in the Shell anime series. There's a movie about it. With Scarlett Johansson. Yep, yep, she did amazing in that I have all of the anime. I purchased all of them. I went nuts. When I found Ghost in the Shell. Because it's an anime series about this what they call the puppet master. And the Ghost in the Shell puppet master is this character that is connected with a hive mind to all of humanity through an AI interface. I mean, it's absolutely terrifying. And yet, it's so realistic. By the way, the matrix was largely based off of a lot of what was in the Ghost in the Shell anime series. If you look at it, the matrix was sort of a retelling of the storyline of ghosts in the show is what it was, and it was done much better. I think the matrix did a lot better job of that if you watch the whole matrix series, how many of y'all have not seen The Matrix series? Okay, I would highly recommend it. For anybody that's doing any business on social media today. Because what they were foreshadowing in the matrix is the world we're living in today. Because it was all being developed behind the scenes. Okay. It was all being developed behind the scenes by all of these internet companies in 1999, they were able to foreshadow and see the direction that all of this words was going and so the matrix franchise became a warning to us of the world we wish to avoid. Now, why am I sharing all of this with you? What does any of this have to do with your ads, your emails, your community building, and all of that You know, I'm really saddened when I learned something over the last

[322:40] Speaker 0: six to 12 months.

[323:25] Speaker 1: About my audience, it was one of the most horrifying facts that I learned about the people that follow me.

[325:33] Speaker 0: And it it, it revealed a lot as to why I can teach you

[329:13] Speaker 1: everything about growing your email list and your business. And yet if you don't understand this one aspect, none of it's going to work. And the problem is that there has been messaging

[334:01] Speaker 0: across

[334:57] Speaker 1: all aspects of society. And by the way, if I could ask y'all to just bring your cameras down a little bit, I just want to be the only one on screen here right now, for the rest of this. Till we take some q&a, Can y'all turn off your cameras real quick? Those that have your camera on. Because it's gonna make the recording better. And I want my video editor to be able to take this recording from here on out and clip it into certain clips as far as this goes. Okay. So what I discovered was this, and I'll and 20 minutes, and that's what I'm gonna tell my team member, by the way, pause, look behind the curtain for y'all. This right here is exactly how you can save yourself time making content today, at the 21 minute mark into our live zoom recording. I want you to watch today's live zoom recording, to clip content. For reals, please, I'm going to tag my video editor. Okay. So what that is, is that is me working smarter, not harder. Because I know now that I'm at a place where I can create incredible content for my reels and my social media content as far as this goes. And that's a big part of why we're streaming into this. And I'm sharing this with you to show you that it does not have to take you hours upon hours upon hours upon hours to build your business if you have the systems in order. Does that make sense? Systems are what change the game when it comes to your business systematizing a lot of the stuff, quote unquote, that we do on a day to day basis. And when you can learn to implement a system that is repeatable and duplicatable, that you can follow again and again and again and again that no matter what's happening in your life, the last five days have been crazy for me. My wife has been sick, puking. My son, same thing. I don't mean to nausea, any of you. But it's been very difficult to build my business while I'm playing doctor, dad 24/7. My wife has been in bed. And listen, I'm not here to complain. I'm not whining, I'm not moaning, saying any of that it was my honor and privilege to be able to do this incredible. Because what it did was it taught me how well my systems are in my business and what needed to be shored up. And in the last five days, I have done more work to systems inside my business than anything else because I realized that I want to ratchet my hours down to just five hours a week

[382:01] Speaker 1: what am I going to do with the rest of my time ratcheting my hours down to this five hours?

[384:11] Speaker 0: How am I gonna be able to serve clients at that level?

[386:32] Speaker 1: How am I gonna be able to serve clients at that level? And Adele, we're going to have everybody pulled their camera down for right now on doing the teaching and training and then we're going to be going into that. So thank you appreciate it. How is it possible to run a seven figure business on his five hours a week?

[392:39] Speaker 1: How many of you think that that's completely unwise and idiotic. If I have the ability to work more,

[395:02] Speaker 0: to not do so and to choose to not do so.

[397:22] Speaker 1: It's because of messaging that has been ingrained into our culture. That is one of the greatest hindrances to people being able to be successful in this business. So, and that is this, don't waste time, always be grinding, make sure that every moment of your day is accounted for and that you are utilizing it to take advantage to squeeze out of it and to milk every minute of your life to make money.

[406:26] Speaker 0: It's pathetic. That type of messaging.

[407:35] Speaker 1: It nauseates me, It disgusts me. And it's and it's what I have seen, destroy more families cause more burnout in people's lives. And quite frankly, it's what almost killed my mother. Growing up, I saw an example of an amazing, powerful business leader. In the early 90s, build an online business. My mother had one of the earliest and first e commerce businesses. Before Jeff Bezos built Amazon.

[418:47] Speaker 0: O'Neil didn't know that.

[420:51] Speaker 0: We all did know that.

[421:42] Speaker 1: If I can pull this up for you right here.

[422:46] Speaker 0: I can show you

[423:24] Speaker 1: what this looked like in 2000. Okay. And this was this was not the main thing that she started as far as this goes. So this is one of the earliest iterations of this in the year 2000.

[428:36] Speaker 0: See if we can pull this up.

[429:11] Speaker 1: Yes. So yeah, so there was an older version of this. And they've actually taken it offline that looks like the older version was in the 90s. It looks like they deleted a lot of the 90 stuff because it was way more primitive than this. But this is one of my mom's earliest websites she has. She's preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ right here. Because that was her. Her biggest thing was to was to help share the gospel with people. Her business was called Health for you ministry. As far as this goes, and the church that we grew up in was all about evangelism. Okay. But at the end of the day, this was a business and this was making millions of dollars online, selling kitchenware. We had the coffee house, we had pizza stones. To this day, we have a pizza spatula. That was part of the pizza stones that my mom sold. My childhood was built on watching my mom build online businesses. When I was seven years old. I decided to learn how to create my first website. I created a website that was all about going to the stars. Rocket ships, I was obsessed with early rocket ships. The

[451:48] Speaker 1: you know, the Apollo 13. I remember what that movie came out right? Apollo 13. movie in 1995. I don't know how many y'all remember this movie. I remember watching this. And by the way, I was like seven years old. This movie most would consider was not appropriate for a seven year old to watch. However. It deals with life and death crisis. Honestly, it was it was it was a life changing film that shaped the way that I look at the world today. As far as this goes, what was it rated? I forget. I forget what the movie was rated. Oh, it was rated PG. Okay. So yeah, so it was it was decently but it was PG 13 In some countries. Yeah. It was borderline. It was borderline. But I watched it. And our whole church was obsessed with this movie. Apollo 13, this whole idea of going to the stars. And so when I did, I was seven years old. This was in 1995. And after watching Apollo 13, I was like, you know, I want to create a website. Mom's creating a website, right?

[471:42] Speaker 0: Google. Google.

[473:15] Speaker 1: And how do we Google the word Google, right? Oh, my goodness. Okay, let's go to Google. And let's Google the word Google because this is this is like Inception right here. Okay, Google. Here we go. It's hard to Google the word Google. Let's see Google. Google History. Let's find the history of Google here. Okay. My Activity history of Google was launched in 1990. Ah, okay, so my mom was actually building a business online before Google and before Google was what it was Yahoo, right? Yahoo. When did Yahoo come out? 1994 There we go. See, we're tracing the history of where all of this came together. And what my mom did was she actually ran overture ads. So overture if you understand what happened, overture overture was the pioneer of the pay per click System of marketing in 2001 of my mom started running paid advertising. She was one of the first advertisers using overture to run advertisements on Yahoo. Okay.

[493:09] Speaker 0: To sell her kitchenware.

[495:05] Speaker 1: How many of y'all are like seeing the family legacy around paid advertising here? And us being pioneers? That Oh, I say us? Gosh, what was I doing? I was playing video games. At the time. I was

[499:57] Speaker 0: driving NASCAR. I was

[501:06] Speaker 1: reading books. I was

[501:56] Speaker 0: actually at the time.

[502:40] Speaker 1: I was all obsessed with hockey. Because my favorite hockey team,

[505:39] Speaker 0: the Detroit Redwings.

[507:10] Speaker 1: Were one of the were one of the top teams at the time. And you can see here their Championships 1980 490-596-9797 98 2001 to 2002. A little bit like the Kansas City Chiefs run that they had. And it's so interesting the parallels to that and guess what the Detroit Redwings? Well, they weren't they were a little bit higher up here, but they're actually a winning team this year for the first time in years, and Steve Eisenman, Steve Eisenman was my hockey idol. When I was a kid. I wanted to be this guy. Honestly, I was like, I was like, okay, the dude looks cool. He's, he's, he's a very attractive gentleman. Right? And I was like, what, like seven years old? And I'm like, okay, like, Joe cool out here. The dude like, is is is is the definition of poise, and leadership, and sexiness all rolled into one. And for some reason, I knew what that was in 1997 and 2001 as a kid, right? I'm like, I mean, even to this day like that literally defines Steve Eisenmann. He's the definition of poise, leadership, and attractive qualities. And Steve Eisenman joined the Detroit Redwings after leaving the Tampa Bay Lightning through championship and they've struggled and they've had some struggles. And this is the first year they've had a winning team. In years since 2008. As a Detroit Red Wings fan that drought has been hard to watch. I'm a I'm a huge Red Wings fan. I really am. Y'all might not know that but like obsessive. Okay, I wore red wings, my Red Wings Jersey all week long. Okay.

[543:01] Speaker 0: What does any of this have to do with your marketing

[546:06] Speaker 1: and generating leads? Some of y'all are like, okay, Jeremiah, you spiraled off to Pluto. This has nothing to do with what I actually paid for to be here today. And, and in fact, you're just you're such a big time waster.

[550:18] Speaker 0: How many of y'all think that about me?

[552:09] Speaker 1: Can I tell you this? That thinking is one of the number one reasons

[554:23] Speaker 0: why I believe

[555:10] Speaker 1: that people over the age of 40 struggle

[556:38] Speaker 0: to have success in this business, is the belief

[559:31] Speaker 1: that there are certain Even things that are a waste of time. Like playing video games, okay? I'm not gonna go there with you all because I listen, I'm not going to convince you that me playing video games is not bad behavior. I understand that. Okay. But how many of you believe that watching television is bad behavior? Watching a movie like The Matrix, or Star Wars, or watching sports or spending your money on a sports car is a waste of time, right?

[568:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or reading a novel? Right? That's theirs. I got a bunch of like, different novel series. Here. Is this one I've been I've been reading through it. The Court of Thorns and Roses, it's so well written. Right?

[572:59] Speaker 1: There's another series right here became an international phenomenon on HBO, and the and the novel reads so much better than the television show. I won't even watch the show. To be honest, it's just it's just not even something that i i care to watch. But the book sucks, man. Right Chronicles of Narnia. major motion picture. Major television show, I wouldn't be surprised if this gets a dot adapted into a Netflix series here very soon. Sam, semi auto biographical. That's cool. That's cool. Yeah, you know what, that's actually one of the coolest forms of novel is semi autobiographical. I find that a lot of novelists they do that they, they basically tell their life story. In the form of a of a novel, you know what I just got done telling you. The last 15 minutes is my family's life story and legacy between the time of when my mom decided to start her online business. And prior to that my mom had actually built brick and mortar businesses in the health food industry. She ran gyms. Some of y'all don't even realize the direct parallel to Alex for Mozi that my mother has. My mother ran gyms, all across Detroit, Michigan, they used to call her the Bulldog. They named the gym after.

[601:44] Speaker 1: And then she had me my mom was a professional bodybuilder. How many y'all didn't know that. Before I was born, my mother was a professional bodybuilder, won awards.

[606:19] Speaker 0: In in, in Michigan, for bodybuilding in the 80s.

[608:33] Speaker 1: Okay, then I was born, and her whole world was turned upside down. And then she got married and saw this little thing called the internet start to take off that she had been observing. I know my mom had been observing this I remember I remember at two years old, three years old, going to the library with my mother and, and us going on the internet on the Apple Computer. And her showing me how to play Math Blaster at three years old. With the large floppy disk, how many I'll remember the large floppy disk on the Apple Computer, right? Apple Computer large floppy disks. See, there's a lot of people they see me today. And they see the fact that my business I've been, you know, I started in business, if you look at my LinkedIn profile, and in 2018. Prior to that, I was an employee of my mother, and Danny Johnson. And in 2018, really, I didn't do much different than the employee relationship. I was a consultant to six or seven different companies, but basically was their employee had a multi six figure income serving as a consultant to all these various different companies in the same industry that my mom had built her businesses, universities to, you know what we did with Rick Pitino and all of this and yet, my business wasn't making very much money. I was helping other people make millions 10s of millions of dollars. And if you if you look at my track record, quite frankly. I wouldn't trust me either. And I understand and I understand why so many people, they look at what I've done. They look at my story. I had people telling me Jeremiah, you know some day you're gonna grow up in Make your own story instead of skirt on your mother's coattails and suck it on her

[642:13] Speaker 0: teat the whole time.

[642:57] Speaker 1: And how many y'all see me today? And you're like, yeah, that's all you do. It's all you've ever done is just be a little baby that follows mommy around. I get told that often on social media so it wouldn't it doesn't hurt my feelings doesn't hurt my feelings. I have a lot of people that they they look at my story and they're like, Yeah, Jeremiah, you know. I don't think you're as good as you think er.

[650:26] Speaker 0: Leave your mom is really good.

[651:14] Speaker 1: I mean, you're a little messed up. And I think that nepotism is a disease that's destroying society. It's a lot of people tell me you know, you look at you look at the Trump family, right? We got Donald Jr. We got Ivanka we got Baron Trump. You look at the Royals right now. Right we got we have Queen Elizabeth we got Charles we got Harry William Megan Markel over here, the actress from the United States that somehow injected herself into the conversation. We have this whole social media, how many y'all been following this whole thing with? With Kate and William and all that? My wife has been she's been giving me the Reader's Digest stuff, right. Breaking news, Trump's neck start trial starts. April 15. Oh, on tax day, of course it does. Right. Horses does. You know, when people look at people like Elon Musk, they try to invalidate him because they're like, well, his dad had an emerald mind. And his mom was a model. And quite frankly, like his brother, his brother helped turn Chipotle into what they are today if you how many y'all didn't know that that Elon Musk's brother actually turned Chipotle the restaurant into what it is today. Did you know that that we have to thank Elon Musk's brother for Chipotle for what it is today? Because it was not what it is today. And honestly, it's an amazing restaurant. It's one of my favorite restaurants. I would highly recommend reading the biography of Elon Musk. It's a masterclass in storytelling. It's a masterclass in telling the narrative in a way that fits the next 15 years of his vision.

[686:54] Speaker 1: Walter Isaacson has a gift at doing that. How many are familiar with Walter Isaacson? He's a master storyteller that has told the story of Einstein to DaVinci to Steve Jobs in 2011. And now Elon Musk and if you read I've read this twice the Steve Jobs one I mean it's it's it's it's incredible. Absolutely. Life changing to read Steve Jobs, biography but highly recommended I'd highly recommend that Elon Musk one as well. I'm about to read it for the third time. Why? Because it's a masterclass in sales and marketing. What does any of this have to do with growing your email list building communities

[705:25] Speaker 1: because a lot of people believe that a good story is a waste of time. A lot of people have been told that an emotionally driving storytelling experience is a waste of time. That we need to focus on things that are real and in reality, and not go off into fantasy land, and watch Netflix stories and, and and play video games. And, and gosh, I mean, why would I want to listen to Elon Musk and Steve Jobs stories? I'm not a billionaire. In fact, they're the scourge of the earth. These billionaires. Right? How many y'all believe that billionaires are the scourge of the earth they're destroying our entire world today. Colonial believe that Communist China has the right idea. I'm not here to debate that, in fact, there's a big it's a big political debate. You know, we see right now going on there, they're talking about banning Tiktok. Because Communist China basically owns it, it's either sell it to the United States, or, you know, I'm gonna be honest with you, if you look at what's going on in common in China, and you look at what's going on the United States. China is actually looking a little bit better than some of the stuff that's going on here in the US.

[727:48] Speaker 0: It is, and I understand why people

[729:44] Speaker 1: vote one way or the other here in this country.

[730:57] Speaker 0: Or even down the middle, right? I understand.

[732:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: But you want to know what the number one thing that drives politics is. It's storytelling. It's telling a narrative. It's telling a story. It's what sells policy, and creates the world that we live in for the next 100 to 200 years, even 400 years. And in fact, I'm not gonna give any spoilers to the three body problem. But I think that that really is the next layer of the underlying message of the three body problem. The whole storyline is built around Communist China versus United States, and it's a major political conversation. I mean, and, and then my friends in the UK, y'all are like, hey, like, you know, y'all can duke it out. We're having fun here in Europe. Right?

[745:25] Speaker 1: I can see it, I can see that. Like, there's all this polarizing stuff in there, like Europe is just having a grand old time watching everybody, replay the same stuff that was going on 500 years ago, right. With Spain, and with the American Revolution, and and it's just like, it's like, Come on, guys, like let's grow up right. Now, many all in the UK are kind of like, I hope that that the world would just grow up a little bit. You know, what's interesting, though, about the United Kingdom, there's, there's so much built around storytelling in the history of that country. And that kingdom the history of kings and queens and, and quite frankly, that history has been rewritten, generation after generation after generation. It was a Netflix series called the crown right now.

[761:30] Speaker 0: And

[762:44] Speaker 1: quite frankly, a lot of people are acting like, oh, the Crown doesn't want this to be out there. When in fact, I think what it is it's a it's a new narrative storytelling by the next generation. And there's a battle going on right now between the succession of Queen Elizabeth and then Charles and Harry and William. And, and we get to watch the Grand Theatre that's going on right now, in that it's brilliant. It's beautiful. It's a beautiful story to see unfold. And it's a sad story. It's a terrifying story at the same time. And so is American politics. It's a sad, beautiful, brilliant and terrifying story at the same time. So is artificial intelligence. So is TV shows like the three body problem. So are half the video games that I play? So are almost all of the popular science fiction stories of the last 30 years? They're beautiful and terrifying and exciting, all at the same time?

[780:29] Speaker 0: Can I tell you this?

[781:27] Speaker 1: How many all think that that's just a big waste of time?

[783:29] Speaker 1: I feel sad for you, if you do. I really do. I feel very sad for whatever has wired your brain to believe that emotionally charged stories are a waste of time.

[787:08] Speaker 0: Because you will struggle

[787:59] Speaker 1: to grow your email list and build community more than anybody else. And I would recommend that if that's you to either change that thing. Or give up on the dream of coaching, building a membership, building a coaching business and go go work for a corporate job again. Don't even entertain the fantasy of building a business of yourself by yourself. Go back and work for a corporate job, go work for somebody else. Because quite frankly, I don't think that somebody who believes that it's a waste of time to engage in narrative storytelling and emotionally charged stories is capable of being successful in today's economy. Maybe 15 to One Two years ago, you're not anymore.

[801:59] Speaker 1: And if that offends you that I'm saying that I understand, I do.

[803:32] Speaker 0: But you didn't come here today.

[804:33] Speaker 1: For me to tell you what you want to hear you came here to, today, for me to tell you the truth. If you have a desire to live a safe life that is controlled by a wealthy billionaire that runs a mega corporation that is publicly traded, and you just fall in line and do the thing and clock in, clock out and become a cog in the wheel of a system. Listen, I don't think that that's a terrible thing. I think that that's great. For some people, I think they need that structure, I think they absolutely need that. But if you're watching this here today. And you don't want that, as your future, you don't want to work for somebody else, you don't want to be a cog in a corporate wheel.

[820:50] Speaker 1: I would encourage you to do the very thing that you might have been told for the last 30 years is the worst possible bad behavior that you can do is start wasting some more time on a regular basis

[825:53] Speaker 1: start blowing off some steam. You know, I look today at my generation

[829:57] Speaker 0: today, actually,

[831:18] Speaker 1: about 12 hours from now, if we want to get real specific with it right? About 12 hours from now. 36 years ago. Exactly. Because if you look at Leap Year and all that it was also a leap year back then in 1988 12 hours from now right at 1152. Actually, it's actually 11 hours for now. Sorry, because I was in Michigan. So Eastern Time Zone 11 hours from now 36 years ago, my mother was giving birth to me and I was born into the world and I was almost born on March 26. Today's my birthday. And I just got done sharing with you a narrative of what my life was like, from the time that I was born. until about the year 2001 When the entire world was turned upside down

[850:47] Speaker 0: an event happened

[851:41] Speaker 1: that changed humanity forever. On September 11 2001

[854:29] Speaker 0: people were killed in a horrific event

[857:48] Speaker 1: and I remember being 13 years old when that happened

[860:10] Speaker 0: I remember being homeschooled. Sitting on the floor

[864:53] Speaker 1: didn't disappear. Don't worry.

[865:46] Speaker 0: I remember

[866:37] Speaker 1: I had just gotten the Nintendo GameCube and was playing Tony Hawk three

[869:16] Speaker 0: and Super Smash Brothers. Super Smash Brothers. Melee

[872:03] Speaker 1: for the Nintendo GameCube GameCube release. Oh, it was right after that. Okay. Yeah. So it was released three days later. So I was excited. This is where the narrative okay, this is really crazy. Okay, so three days after September 11. The GameCube was released in Japan. And I was anticipating this, I was reading all of the articles and all of this out So excited. I was I was I was all over these websites GameStop or gained spots, not Gamestop gamespot.com this website, all about video games, and I remember I was obsessed with this website, I would read all the stories and articles about the upcoming Nintendo game system and and the Sony PlayStation two system had, I believe was it had been released already. When was it released? Sony PlayStation two?

[888:27] Speaker 0: Yes, March fourth 2000.

[889:36] Speaker 1: It was released in the United States, October 2000. And then the GameCube came out. And I remember the x box, original though the original x box system. This was released, yep. November 2001. So I remember the GameCube and the x box, were duking it out. And you either decided to get an Xbox or a game Q, right. So it was between the PlayStation you can see my PS five up there. And the Xbox and GameCube. And I can tell you this, that was where I was, mentally I was operating in the future, in my mind, playing the game system before it came out because I knew it was coming out in Japan and I was watching all these videos and all this, we were able to stream video, we had high speed internet and all of this. And then boom, September 11 happened in the world was turned upside down. And I remember

[906:08] Speaker 0: the fear that people were feeling

[908:17] Speaker 1: that same type of fear, I think that sometimes people experience when they lose money with their Facebook ads, or they they watch a show like three body problem or the matrix. And they look at the world around them. And they're like, Wow, this is crazy. What were you doing? Around 2000 to 2000 to

[916:18] Speaker 0: think about that.

[916:54] Speaker 1: The stock market at that time, if we look at the US stock market, from 1999 to 2001. Was at a very pivotal moment. With hyper inflation, it was called the.com bubble

[922:34] Speaker 0: is what it was the.com bubble.com bubble.

[924:32] Speaker 1: And a lot of people lost a lot of money. What is a bubble a bubble in the stock market is when things rise really rapidly and then fall almost as quickly to where they are and what we're seeing right now.

[928:16] Speaker 0: With AI stocks

[929:15] Speaker 1: has a very weird similarity to it.

[933:01] Speaker 1: Any company involved in AI right now. And we'll see Amazon that, you know, Apple is getting hit hard right now. So we're not quite at the peak of it. I think there's interesting but you'll look at companies like Microsoft that are directly invested in AI just massive growth. And they grew massively in during this time as well and and look at all of that money that has changed hands. A lot of money in AI you know, I spend a lot of time, I waste a lot of time with AI communicating with it, talking with it. typing in the chat GPT on the on the app and using Gemini and even cloud and polo and all these different AI tools. Because I've learned that the number one way to get what I want out of AI is to tell it a story.

[947:57] Speaker 1: You know a lot of people complain that AI doesn't give them what they want with their results. And it's because we're not telling the artificial intelligence our story very well to get the results that we're looking for. And the AI can then help us improve the way that we tell our story to other people. And again, if you've ever been told or believed in your life, that it's a waste of time to play video games or to watch movies or all this can I tell you this? Artificial Intelligence is being programmed by everybody who has been watching all of these movies over the years.

[958:18] Speaker 0: So

[958:57] Speaker 1: what I can see as I can see that if marketing is being driven by AI, it's smarter than we are, it knows exactly how to trigger the exact pain points at the right moment in time to get people to buy. And quite frankly, it stinks at mirroring our own language. But if you use it as a brainstorming tool, the way that I teach you, it can make you so powerful at your ability to market, sell, and reach people with your message. And the number one way that you reach people with your message is learning to tell better stories? How do you get better at telling stories, by listening to well told stories. And a story does not have to be untruthful to be well told. In fact, now with artificial intelligence, the AI is going to begin to notice who's telling a story that's not true. And who's telling one that is to start to scrutinize who the trustworthy businesses are, and those that are not. And if you take this all the way to its end, this could mean a very dystopian future

[982:06] Speaker 0: jail time,

[982:41] Speaker 1: where an AI is deciding do you go to jail or not. And that terrifies a lot of people, if a machine can decide to take you away from your family, or.

[987:18] Speaker 1: So I understand that that's scary to you. And you're feeling that and you're like, I just don't even want anything to do with the internet, you want to go become Amish tomorrow, I get it, I would understand if your sentiment is you. After what I've just said today, you want to cross over and just go become full Amish and just like no electricity, nothing like go off the grid, I totally get it. In fact, I would probably bet that there are going to be some people that are going to watch this video that that might be their choice, they might do that. A lot of people that engage with me that listen to me talk about AI make the decision, they don't want anything to do with artificial intelligence, it terrifies them. It's so fake, that the spirit of what they do is not there that there's no spirit involved in it, that it removes the human spirit and replaces it with something that is false.

[1001:00] Speaker 0: It can, if you let it.

[1002:05] Speaker 1: It is a tool that is in our hands currently, that we get to guide and direct how we want to tell our stories. Which is why I tell people don't let the AI write your content for you. I have not used AI to write my content in a couple of months anymore. Not a single piece of content that you've seen me put out sending emails whatsoever is AI generated. Except for maybe the graphics, I like making graphics because you can use the AI to tell the graphics, the visuals and all of that it tells it really well. But even that's terrifying if you take that to its end, and I understand. But what the AI helps me do now is brainstorm and figure out how can I tell my story better to people? How can I use my story to connect better with people to build common ground? And ultimately, how can I use my story to close more sales in my business based around truth not lies to create real true tangible connection with people you know when I said this at the beginning when we're going to go into our q&a here and I'm going to turn off the stream to my all my platforms after this because I want to keep the q&a private to my actual coaching group here

[1026:16] Speaker 1: if you're under the belief that it's a waste of time and bad behavior and and just a horrible thing to watch movies, read novels, play video games, listen to false stories that are made up. Can I tell you this that a lot of times in those stories, there's a lot of truth involved. You know, like John said his his brother's novel is an autobiographical story. Semi autobiographical because what story is it's really a parallel to what's happening in the real world. But told through the lens of something that's not true, because it's easier to digest than actually looking at what's really going on around us. And when you can Look at story and how stories are well told and how they connect with people emotionally, and help people make decisions. You can become much better at selling at leading at coaching, at guiding and directing at parenting. And so I've had people in the last week, tell me, Jeremiah, your addiction to video games is the most egregious lack of respect for your wife and your son. And it is horrible behavior, and you should be ashamed of yourself, you have no right to ever call yourself a good father. I have literally had people come to me and tell me that.

[1052:30] Speaker 1: And I tell them respectfully, I disagree. In fact, I think it's one of the most greatest finest behaviors that I can do.

[1055:43] Speaker 1: Because it helps me learn to lead guide direct my son lead in our home and be the best possible version of myself that I can be in my business with my clients.

[1059:49] Speaker 0: By doing so.

[1060:26] Speaker 1: And I understand that nobody

[1062:55] Speaker 0: that nobody

[1063:52] Speaker 1: is going to 100% agree with people. I have incredible clients that they still feel that way. And they privately tell me these things, they'll they'll call me up on the phone, to give me a little bit of advice about how they think I could do better at life. People at my church, give me a little bit of advice as to how to be a more godly husband and father.

[1072:03] Speaker 1: And respectfully, I disagree with the advice I do. And it's so emotionally charged instead of at least they're so angry with so much rage that stirs up in them around the fact that I enjoy playing video games. You know, I mean, Mario Kart, my son and I were playing with people, they're upset that my son is only 14 months old. And I'm teaching him how to play video games. They see it as the most horrific thing that I could be doing as a father with a child

[1083:39] Speaker 0: hence, cancel me that. I don't care.

[1085:12] Speaker 1: I don't. Because Can I tell you this, that the world that my son is growing up in is going to be a very different world than other people are growing up in right now. And I believe that I'm preparing him for that world in the best possible way. By teaching him, you know, I haven't turned this on on him. But I've given I've gotten him comfortable at wearing this headset on his head, my son.

[1092:51] Speaker 0: I haven't turned it on. But he's comfortable now at putting it on. And wearing it on his head like this

[1097:23] Speaker 1: at a year old. Why? Because this and a different version of this, a version that is more augmented reality is where the world is headed. You can see it with the Apple vision Pro, you can see it with the metaclass three. And I can see the vision of where they're going with the technology with the current technology is super weird. Nobody wants to strap one of these to their head and walk around the world, trust me. But when they can take this technology right here and shrink it down into a pair of Warby Parker glasses like this. And everybody on the planet wears a pair of them. Now that's a different world that we live in. And that's only about 15 years down the road. That might be terrifying to some people.

[1112:22] Speaker 0: Yeah, if that was that.

[1113:27] Speaker 1: And so what I see is is that by learning how to play video games and learning and teaching my son this and teaching him how to tell the difference between reality and fantasy. That I'm preparing him for a world that I don't think very many few people understand. And I hear a lot of people in business they just they get angry at me that I talk about this stuff in a professional All environment. There like there's no place for any of this drivel about entertainment and video games and false realities in a professional business atmosphere. And I'm looking at them and I'm like, I mean this with all due respect, but if that's how you feel, you need to just go work for somebody else. Because the world is changing whether you like it or not COVID was a test.

[1129:49] Speaker 0: It was a small test.

[1133:11] Speaker 0: And what's coming down the pipeline,

[1134:03] Speaker 1: over the next 15 years, I can't even begin to imagine. But what I can do is prepared my clients, those who follow me, those who listened to me for how to stay competitive in the marketplace, the same way that my mother was able to, in the early 90s, when she learned Pay Per Click marketing, and started teaching people around 2008 during the economic crash, how to utilize Facebook ads, and social media. And we're entering into a new world right now. Where you need to learn how to use these tools, you might as well go work for somebody else, you will either work for somebody that is using them, or you'll use them yourself, your choice. And our social media algorithms are built on all these AI tools anyways, that are built by video gamers. You don't have to be a video gamer. But I would encourage you watch a couple of Netflix shows. Watch a couple of movies on Disney, watch a couple of TV shows on Hulu. Watch a couple of movies on HBO, read a couple of novels, blow some time, waste some time do something in this realm, and that will keep you sharp and competitive moving forward. For the next 15 years. I truly mean it. And I understand some of you even right now.

[1157:34] Speaker 0: Don't see it. You know, then I get it. I understand.

[1159:56] Speaker 1: I mean, after all, who am I I'm a 36 year old millennial who thinks he's entitled to a participation trophy. Because that's the world I grew up in. And I'm here telling people who live in the real world, how to live their life. I should actually go build something of substance first before I tell anybody how liberal life I should have my house in order. Before I tell anybody how to live their life, right? I get it, I understand. But I would encourage you as maybe you're judging me for my arrogance to maybe look back past your own arrogance. And see that maybe there's just an ounce of truth and what I'm talking about. You can either listen with humility and stay ahead of the curve or get angry pissed off and demonize me however you see fit. Choice is yours. Okay, so that's it. That was today's training here today. blow off some steam, read a couple novels, do something that's a waste of time more often. And that will keep you competitive in this marketplace. All right, I'm gonna turn off our stream here and I'm gonna take some questions

[1182:08] Speaker 1: Sue what's going on? How are you?

[1182:44] Sue McGarvie: Happy birthday, Jeremiah.

[1183:21] Speaker 1: Thank you.

[1183:38] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, that's so nice. Um, quick question. I loved how you modeled the streaming today. Thank you so much because that's you know, top of mind for me I want to work on that. And I don't know if you know anything about this whole thing with tick tock and I said I'm trying to do all of the pieces so the streams that you can you give me this quick streams that you did? I don't think you did tick tock because you have to find an ad agency that will work with you in order to stream on tick tock.

[1191:45] Speaker 1: Yeah, just to just a quicks. Let me I'm gonna go now we're gonna go live in just the accelerator group. Okay, with this q&a here. There we go. Cool. So yeah, so that was streamed on all platforms. Honestly, I had almost we had a ton of people in the middle and then as soon as I started talking about the point I was making, everybody dropped off the string. But which

[1198:05] Sue McGarvie: streams did you use? That's what I'm I want to know, how do you what is the best use if I was going to stream this week? I'm Got the Facebook ads going? They're doing I've had some conversions. Yay, me. And so

[1201:30] Speaker 1: we got restream right here, this is what I use, and then I can go under Edit destinations, okay, and I can add all these different destinations, I can have up to 15 active. Okay, the account level that I have with them. And you can upgrade that to get more active streams, add channel. So look, we got tick tock right here. Okay, in restream, rev X right here, Instagram, YouTube, Twitch, all these other steam all this. And quite frankly, I'll probably start going live on a few more of these platforms here soon. Because we're starting to become irrelevant to what would be on Twitch a lot of our content, I think even today's message would have been graded on Twitch,

[1213:22] Sue McGarvie: or would have been great on Twitch. Okay, so that's really helpful. I'm going to just focus on restream. I bought a month, and I haven't really looked at it. So I will focus on that. It's a great

[1215:35] Speaker 1: tool. I think I need to. So I taught like how to use it in the automated marketing secrets course in the members area. Okay,

[1217:58] Sue McGarvie: I get overwhelmed in there. Yeah, okay. Yeah,

[1218:39] Speaker 1: we're organizing it into just like four categories for people to keep it simple. As well, I know, I need to reteach a few of those things, to make them simpler as far as that goes. So here's what I would say automated marketing secrets right here. does talk about like using restream under lesson three, right here, okay? And how to, it's about automating your live streams and things like that. However, if we're just talking about using restream, again, two things, two ways you can do this. And I realized there's something I haven't done well in the group in YouTube, like restream. If you just type in restream, into YouTube, there's a whole bunch of videos about stuff what I would, what I can start doing is this, I did it for Tiffany this week, and I realized this is something that I wish I was doing before. How many of y'all get pissed off every time? I'm like, just go to YouTube and look it up? Well, I realized something that I could probably help y'all with is you could give me your question, and I could go find the best YouTube video that might answer it for you.

[1235:20] Sue McGarvie: Okay, okay. restream. So

[1236:05] Speaker 1: it's like, it's like one layer of just something extra that I can do that if I don't have a training on it, I can go find one that I think would be really good. And I did that for Tiffany this week. And I think I think Tiffany, I hopefully that answered your question that you were looking for when it comes to Google, like the Google doc thing. So there you go. So better than stream yard stream yard is easier to use. It doesn't have as many platforms that you can stream to though it's a lot easier to use for what you're doing Tiffany, I would say stream yard, it probably be pretty good for you. Probably better for you than restream. It's really it's between stream yard versus restream. Right. It's like the battle of the century, when it comes to these streaming platforms. And then both of them say that they're better than the other. And then there's switcher studio that Michelle loves. And I would say that that one is like probably does what both do a little bit easier, as well. And now we come to the ultimate what everybody hates about the internet. Why are there so many platforms that do the same thing. And they're all different than each other? Well, because there's companies with people that are creating different tools. And so it all just depends on kind of your goal. I love restream. Personally, it's my favorite. Because it does one thing really, really well. It doesn't it's not a Swiss army knife. I'm not a big fan of Swiss Army Knife tools that do everything, like do it all in one platform thing, I would rather find one like restream it does two or three things really, really well. And it doesn't try to do other things better. It's kinda like me, I do a few things really, really well. And I don't try to do the other things much. I'm

[1263:49] Sue McGarvie: just I'm going to try and and do some more live this week. I've been I've got a system and my job is to create content. I'm doing a little what I call the I call it this you'll look at it's I call it the Universal Studio, where it's the universe and it's all me and

[1268:01] Speaker 1: and I like that a lot.

[1269:05] Sue McGarvie: So to do that we just made in the new house, so my job is just gonna be tell stories. Versus so cool. Yeah, yeah, I did that. Yeah. And

[1272:32] Speaker 1: then like create like, like your own characters and like superheroes.

[1274:01] Sue McGarvie: I have a puppet that looks like me up it's and and Steve, you just got a slight French accent because I'm on the Ontario Quebec border. And I grew up speaking French and I can do the Suzette and talk about it in a verse.

[1278:00] Speaker 1: It's like Mr. Rogers Neighborhood.

[1278:22] Sue McGarvie: Uh huh. Because I have this and that's how we're doing

[1279:20] Speaker 1: 31 seasons of this and now my son Watch this Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood. Okay, Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood is one of the coolest children's shows on the planet. It's Daniel Tiger. Basically, he's the replacement of Mr. Rogers now. And he's way cooler than Mr. I'll tell you I grew up on Mr. Rogers, but Daniel Tiger is way cooler. Yes. I mean, my son wouldn't sit there and watch Mr. Rogers, but he just loves Daniel Tiger. And I do I love watching Dino Tiger. Because it's like the nostalgia for Mr. Rogers. I see it. But it's like, so Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood on Amazon Prime or PBS would be something really cool to check out too.

[1289:41] Sue McGarvie: All right, I will do that. Like we grew up on something called Mr. dressup. Who was a who worked with Mr. Rogers. Miss Ross up Okay, Mr. Cool. Canadian version of that.

[1292:12] Speaker 1: So cool. Is there like is it like a modernized version of him now?

[1293:14] Sue McGarvie: No, he's long dead.

[1293:46] Speaker 1: But like why No, but like, like I said, Mr. Rogers, Daniel Tiger. Is there a like a Daniel Tiger to Mr. dressup?

[1295:26] Sue McGarvie: I don't know. I don't have I'm and I'm envious that people who like your mother who has small people in her life? I do not like I'm younger than you. And that middle stage where my kids are, you know, 20

[1298:49] Speaker 1: Wow. So we're 1000 episodes. I missed her dress up. Oh, it was epic. Very cool. So yeah, that's I mean, that's your that's that's your what you're creating with the suniverse right there, mister dress up. Translated to your deal. Yeah,

[1302:40] Sue McGarvie: trying to get it all done. And I think I think live is the way So what might my challenge right now? I'm doing going to do live speed dating. And so does zoom have, like, if you were going to put people in a speed dating by zoom and put them in breakout rooms for you know, three or four minutes each? Is there a way for them to sort of do thumbs up or thumbs down at the end of each breakout room?

[1309:09] Speaker 1: I think so. Okay. Yeah. Because they can they can emote in different ways. Okay, there's raise hand but I think there's other there's other Yeah, other reactions are here. So I can go here and I can if I click on reactions, I can thumbs down. I can thumbs up to this is interesting though. Mr. dressup. Documentary six months ago. Yeah, I've

[1316:06] Sue McGarvie: seen it work. Yeah, we all live watch this. This is so cool. He literally raised a generation of Canadians including Wow.

[1318:49] Speaker 1: Yeah, he worked with Mr. Oh, this is I think this is going to is there a UK version of that?

[1319:55] Sue McGarvie: I don't know. But you should you should watch it. It's got that whole lot of Mr. Rogers things and it's the storytelling that you're talking about.

[1322:00] Speaker 1: That's it. That's it. Very cool. Yeah. Document I love documentaries. Because what they do is they tell the truth. Now some people would argue not all documentaries are true. They because they they they bend the truth a little bit in every documentary, right? To fit whatever narrative. There's there's a documentary on Johnny Manziel. Okay. Do you know what, fellas?

[1327:40] Sue McGarvie: Really but I Yeah, but it's but you're you're right about the power. Like I'm not a crier and I saw through the Mr. dressup documentary, because it's you know, because again, it hits that earliest stages of who you are. Yeah, I love that. I thought that was actually Jeremiah. I think that is your your to me, that was your really brilliant teachable moment is you know how you talk to people at those early stages. Yeah.

[1335:04] Speaker 1: It's interesting. There's a documentary all about Johnny Manziel. Right here. football player. Yeah, yeah. And yet the narrative is actually to make the school

[1337:43] Speaker 0: kind of look bad.

[1338:38] Speaker 1: The narrative of the documentary is about him. But it's actually if you look at the underlying message, it's to make Texas a&m Look look at it's, it's pretty interesting how they do it. So alright, so a lot of people love Texas a&m Here in Texas but no

[1345:26] Speaker 0: no,

[1345:55] Sue McGarvie: I'm gonna I'm

[1346:57] Speaker 1: and when we, when we do our webinars and sales pitches and all that what we're doing is we're telling a story, that it can do one or two things, it can either leave a positive taste in somebody's mouth or a negative taste. That makes sense. Same when you make friends or connect in relationships, you know, your first impression can leave a positive impression or negative. And it's the same in sales and marketing. So Sue, thank you.

[1355:25] Speaker 0: All right, Sydney, Sydney.

[1357:02] Speaker 4: Hello. So my question for you is okay, so I'm new and I just want to say hello to everybody. Um, so I'm diving deep on like Netflix. binge watching, like everything of yours. So I'm like going through like the sales copy. So my curious question is, on your like your AI prom, you say like rewrite the sales letters in the tone of Sandy. How did you do that? Like, so how would I use the AI to write it like in my tone of voice, you

[1366:31] Speaker 1: can't. So here's why. Because my mom has been on the internet since the 90s. The AI is actually trained on her. So the that is something that that unless you have been on the internet and been a public figure online, with that much writing that's published on the internet, it wouldn't know what your tone is today, however, what you can do is you can take your own writings or you can take your own transcripts. And that's what I do is I take my own transcripts, and then I have it take what I say and turn that into language for sales copy and things like that. So you can load up now they've they've changed it to where there's not a there's not a very much of a limit as to what you can put into the AI. And so now you can take a transcript. That's why I use one of my number one tools that I recommend everybody get is honored AI to transcribe every single meeting that they have, and every single lesson and things like that. And then you could copy that into chat GBT or Gemini or cloud three, Opus and have it, rewrite what you said out of your own mouth, into sales, copy things that one of my favorite ways of writing a sales letter is this. And I've never actually taught this yet, at this way, I go for a walk around my neighborhood for about 30 minutes, and I just start dictating into my phone what I want the sales letter to be. And I get sparks of ideas. It's not very organized, it's super disorganized, it's a mess, you don't nobody would want to listen to it. But I take the transcript of that 30 minute walk or I'll drive my car. And I'll listen to it or I'll play a video game. And I'll literally record myself talking into my phone for 30 to 60 minutes, just talking about what I want the sales letter to be and what I wanted to express what I wanted to come across and who the target client is and all this. And then I tell the AI take this transcript and write me a sales letter based off of all this. And then it's not that good, it's terrible. The results are just terrible. They're horrible, but they're almost there. So then I refine what it wrote. And I start to chip away at it like like a, like a sculptor does to a sculpture. Okay, so like, like a sculptor. And sculpting in stone, if you think about this, nothing written in AI is in stone, it's not set in stone, it's very much flexible and malleable. But what there's what I'm, I'm essentially doing with the AI is I'm sculpting into it, what I want the sales letter to be so I'm saying okay, let's adjust this just a little bit here. Let's do this a little bit right here. Okay, so the first version of it, the first version of the output of like my transcript to an AI to write a sales letter, and for most of you is going to look like a blank sculpture stone at the start, it's going to look a lot like to look a lot like just just just a, just a blank piece of stone like No, like not much detail. It's not that great as far as that goes. But then you start refining the details into the AI. And then it starts to unfold and unpack and it starts to look beautiful and turn into that and most beautiful sculptures. In the in the world. This is what it ends up turning into, is it ends up turning into here's one right here, this one's pretty spectacular. You know, if I if I was to see this in person, I would say that that's pretty spectacular. Any of these really, uh, here's this, even this, this is spectacular, right? They're amazing, right? You can look at these different sky, I mean, the Sphinx spectacular. You can look at the here it is right here. Beautiful, but that was just a piece of stone at one time. And so when you when you create your sales letter, it might start as a piece of stone, and there's not much detail and it's not that great and it doesn't sound like you, but you're sculpting it into that sales letter with your prompting. And so each prompt is telling you Okay, let's chip away at this piece. Let's adjust this. Let's tweak this. Let's refine this, let's make it better. And then what I like to do is I have a whole new method that we've been teaching in our copywriting call that I don't even have in one of our courses. It's in one of the copywriting calls in the members area. It'll be gone through some of those. Yeah. Okay, so that's that one. to kind of go through some of the courses on the copywriting, there's some lessons that if you go into the members area right now. And by the way, this is for everybody that's on here. We I did two of them in the last two months that are like, they've revolutionized how I write sales copy. It's a whole new way of writing sales copy that. I don't necessarily have refined down to a science in a course yet, but you can pick it up very quickly by watching me do it. So we have a live copywriting call that I did right here on March 14, right here, okay. So if you're in the members area, the accelerator monthly archives, we have the march 14 copywriting call

[1451:23] Speaker 0: for two hours long.

[1452:16] Speaker 1: But the one in February right here, the live copywriting rewrite day that I did. This one in particular, as I show you how to use images, to take the virtual reality of images and even stock images to rewrite your sales copy. So what it is, is now, the sculpture is already sculpted with imagery, if that makes sense. And so you can go over to a site like Shutterstock. And by the way, this is very cutting edge. Nobody's teaching this that I know of. I'm one of the only ones I think that's teaching us about sales copy, you could literally take an image from Shutterstock, let's say, let's say your market, what are you selling? For example? What's What's your coaching Sydney?

[1463:00] Speaker 4: Um, I am a functional health coach. So I read people's bloodwork and I run different, like functional tests on them.

[1466:19] Speaker 1: Okay, so if I type that in healthy family life, right, we could generate images with AI, which is really kind of cool, right? The AI actually helps us generate stuff, and you can do this chat GPT can even do this, it can it can refine certain things. I was playing around with this whole idea of like, an egg, like happy versus not for an ad, right. And it didn't really work out well. But that's what I was doing. But let's say make an image of this right? blood work health coaching, health, family life, right? A family, maybe, let's say a somebody that needs you what you're offering. Does that make sense? Yeah, that's what I'll do is I'll start with a couple of keywords. And I'll tell chat, GBT for to make an image of this. And we'll start to even refine the image. Because you can start to sculpt away at an image with the image generation better than anything else. Even this right here in one prompt is very interesting

[1482:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: about family life, and maybe somebody who went through their blood work and things like that, and found how to eat healthy and do things like that. Okay. Now, if I could take this, I could literally take this image. And I could say, in a brand new prompt, I can say, write a sales letter for a health coach that does blood work to help people live a

[1488:37] Speaker 1: healthier life and embody the vibrance and emotion of this image. So this is this is an very next level way of using the AI to write sales copy. And you can also go, you could literally go find an image anywhere on social media, on Google images, you could find it on Shutterstock, anything like that as far as that goes, and then have that embody that this one's a little bit weird, but I'm interested to see what it generates. Dear health enthusiast, so you're looking to transform your well being an unlock a life of vibrancy, and health. I'm excited to introduce you to an innovative approach to health coaching that brings the wisdom of science directly to your unique body's needs.

[1501:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Imagine a world where your health choices are guided by deep insights from your own blood work where guesswork is replaced by personalized strategies. So you see how in just two prompts, we got way closer even to what that is then our old way of saying it like just write a sales letter for a health coach that does this, because we were able to use the virtual reality, quote, unquote, of an image to refine the

[1508:41] Speaker 1: experience. Now here's an interesting thing that you can do from here is if I take this text right here, and then I do this, again, generate an image of the ultimate final outcome of someone who might buy into this coaching experience, and what their family life might look like. And then we paste the sales copy that it generated into this and tell it to make an image from its own generated sales copy from the image. So we're going back and forth during this whole ping pong thing to where the AI is creating a text and a story narrative and an image and we're literally going back and forth on doing this Till and then we're finding, okay, how can we refine this and the guardrails as far as this goes? Now that looks a little bit closer, I think even to like a family. As far as that goes, That's experiences, it's a little bit more realistic. So you could do this a couple of times, you can start to refine it, you could tell them, you know, let's take this image, rewrite the sentence, I'm going to take the sales letter that rewrite the sales letter above, to embody more of this image a bit more, but do so in the tone of Sandy Rakowski.

[1530:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is a whole new, like, it saves you a lot of steps with doing this. Close your eyes and breathe in the possibility of a life or a vibrant health as it is your reality not as a distant dream. Open your eyes to this image of shiny room where health and happiness aren't just hopes for the air you breathe and the ground where your children play and the joyful. That sounds super weird. I wouldn't use that for sales copy. But this gets us far deeper into the emotion that we're looking for. And so some of that is some of that what I'm what we're, what I'm teaching is, there's more to this. And there's more, I would love to unpack deeper, it would take us an hour or two, maybe even three hours to like, dive deeper into that upcoming course I'll be teaching on that. But it's because the AI has changed a little bit. We've gotten better tools in the last six months. Does that make sense? It

[1543:22] Speaker 4: makes sense. And I just have one other quick question. Now in your videos, when you're copying and pasting in a little chat to PT thing. You type the prompt and then you copy and paste it. How do you get that gap like, because every time I hit enter it just

[1547:31] Speaker 0: it doesn't work.

[1548:29] Speaker 1: In my sandwich, you mean that just a little bit again.

[1549:09] Speaker 4: Okay. When you're type, you're typing a prompt to chat to pt. And then like let's say you copy and paste something from your screen. When on a copy and paste it it's like all one paragraph, how do I get space in between the prompts and what I copy and paste.

[1554:35] Speaker 1: You gotta press Enter, or Shift Enter. Okay, well, yeah, man to press shift, enter. Okay, if I do this, and oh, yeah, you're right, if I do this, wow. See, it's so funny. Like little things that I know that I don't think I realize people don't realize is if I if I do this, Jeremiah, and like, oh, shift, enter, and I press Shift on my keyboard. adds that and then I can paste things. I can paste images and stuff like that. So. Okay, got it. Okay, thank you so much. Yeah, there you go. Michelle, what's going on?

[1564:02] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, it's those little things that shift enter who knew? Yeah.

[1565:03] Speaker 1: It's stuff like that, that it's like. I should know that people don't know that. But again, I would you know, everybody knew that. So.

[1568:23] Michelle Plucinsky: So here's what I'll say. And I just read a Dallas. I'm a visual person and learner. So I had a girl who played video games like you. And so she'd be like, what does this button do? What does this do? And it gave me more courage to do that. And you doing that is just like, Okay, I don't feel like I'm going to break anything. Now.

[1572:46] Speaker 1: You're not going to software now isn't designed where you can break it anymore. It used to be like 20 years ago, now you can't. So they've redesigned all the different pieces of software do you really can't break them. But you might need to start over with a new document or like a new file or things like that. So what I do is I adopt what's called a

[1578:54] Speaker 0: sandbox mindset.

[1580:01] Speaker 1: Okay, so a sandbox mindset is, it's this idea, it's a virtual play environment where you can play around with it, but it's not necessarily something that you would use for production. So like, my wife and I, we have been rebuilding the members area for the accelerator, I signed up for another Thinkific account to act as a sandbox for us to just break and play around with and see what happens. My son plays in his sandbox, you know, and, and, but it's different than him using like, you know, a giant tractor and crane and at a worksite, like, I'm not going to put him behind the wheel of that. But he can play around with trucks and things like that and learn in a sandbox. And so, all of these ideas of play, I think that here's what I think is one of the problems and let me let me let me ask you what, if this resonates with you, Michelle, I think one of the biggest issues is that people's childhood trauma is so deep that they can't allow themselves to go back to the place where they were a child.

[1596:15] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, we've been taught not to, you know, that's childlike, and especially as an artist, you know, don't do that or whatever. Oh, they're, they don't amount to anything. Like there's so many weird, you know, you see a street performer dancing around playing music and they look like the Ann Arbor Art Fair. There's kind of a famous one, everyone stops, it looks like, Oh, he's crazy. But he makes tons of money because he's doing his dream and he's having fun. Like, I think as adults, a lot of people have let go of that fun because they need to be responsible. Not

[1604:31] Speaker 1: only have they let go of it, they've demonized the need to criminalize, does it so they so literally, like, I have men at my church that have told me like, I shouldn't have my son taken away from me and my wife should divorce me because I play video games.

[1608:40] Michelle Plucinsky: And it's like, how can we play such judgment? Like,

[1609:17] Speaker 1: they consider that to be

[1610:41] Speaker 0: like, like, if one of them was like,

[1611:52] Speaker 1: for your wife and son safety, I would recommend that. I'm like, what? Like, you don't even know what you're talking about, dude, you're ridiculous. And then I and then I have a comma. And here's the crazy part I have, every time I have a guy, it's usually a male figure. That tells me this, it's never usually a mother or a wife. It's usually a male figure. Kind of looks like John Denley usually does. John is John I love John. That's the thing, though, is like, it's like, you know, because John could either be the way that he is today. Or he could literally be just an angry like, you know, person anybody's chosen not to be. But like, usually it is it's like, it's like somebody that kind of like looks a little bit like John does. And they come up to me. And they're just like, I want to give you a little bit of advice, youngster, you know, don't be an idiot like I was. And then I get to know them. And it's like, their kids hate them. They can't figure out why. Like, oh, it's always the same story. My kids hate me. They went to university, they either change genders or they married the same gender or something like that. And it's usually somebody from the church that doesn't understand where they lost the mark that their kids decided to go so far off the rails. And unless like the I'm like, I think it might be the judgment that you're passing to me if you did that, while you were a parent probably lead them in that direction. And then when I say that, they immediately are like, How dare you? You have no idea what I went through in my mind. I'm just like, Okay, sure. But I get it. Because I'm also like, the same age as your kids that did that. So there's some truth to that anyways. Okay,

[1640:46] Michelle Plucinsky: so my question is this, since we are learned by doing and you seem to be really good, I'm interested. I

[1642:17] Speaker 1: have nothing against anybody who like decides to change their, their gender or marry the same sex either. So.

[1644:40] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay, how do you take it? Can you show on chat? TPT like taking a picture of you sitting there and turning it into a cartoon? Can you walk us through those steps?

[1646:49] Speaker 1: Oh, you know what, there's a better way to do that is with the GP Ts.

[1648:15] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, yes. I'm sorry, Chet. UBT. That's what I mean. Yeah,

[1649:12] Speaker 1: well, that's what the GPT so if I find like Cartoon, Cartoon me, it's right here. So somebody else created a few different ones. So there's different ones. You could try out the do this. And so they're a little like, cartoon avatar image to cartoon. Let's just try

[1653:34] Michelle Plucinsky: to get you even Wait, where did you find cartoon me?

[1654:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Explorer? GPT is right here. So you got to have GPT plus the paid version? Yeah, I do. You click and you gotta be on the on the I don't know if the phone version can do this. Let me see the phone version. Oh, yeah. Explorer. GPT. So it's right there. So it's the GPT store. It's like an app store. And then there's a search. There's a little like a little hourglass search thing right here. So search GPT is got it. And I just typed in cartoon.

[1662:18] Speaker 1: There's all these different ones that are out here. See this? Yep. So I can click one. And then I could take a I could literally just like take a picture of me right now.

[1666:00] Speaker 0: I don't know I don't know how to make myself bigger.

[1667:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't maybe become larger than life. Let's see. Because I that was I pressed a screenshot took that picture while I did that, by the way, you'll learn in the social media world how to like Strike a pose really, really quickly. And then like to stop, you know, have you seen that meme about Kanye? He's like

[1673:48] Speaker 1: because he like he smiled. Kanye has a two second timer on his smiles. If you notice Kanye West so like. There's just enough to strike a photo of him. Alright, make me a cartoon. So I took this photo of me right here. Make me a cartoon. There it is. See? Yep. And now it's creating the image And there's various GPUs that are doing that can do this. So let's even open up I'm gonna open up in a new tab and open up a couple of them cartoon. And we're gonna see how well they do. So we're gonna open this one of the tab. We're gonna do this one. We'll do this one, this one, this one and this one, because why not? Right? All right. Oh, that didn't work. You can't open them in a new tab like that. Ah, all right. Okay, here we go.

[1688:48] Michelle Plucinsky: Funny. It gives you a hair. That's hilarious. Like under your hat rim. There's no air there.

[1690:14] Speaker 1: I know. Well, there is quite a bit of hair there but right

[1690:56] Michelle Plucinsky: but in your picture there wasn't.

[1691:59] Speaker 1: Let's see cartoon Chris. So we gotta click it start chat. That's what it is. Turn this into a cartoon

[1695:40] Speaker 1: and then here's here's the process cartoon. 3d cartoon. Oh, wait, I gotta click it start chat. Okay. So

[1697:57] Michelle Plucinsky: my assumption is after you create it, you can say turn the hair blonde or Oh,

[1699:29] Speaker 1: yeah. Okay, you're there. Let's let's try that. Turn the hair blonde and give him tattoos and make him 12 years old.

[1703:13] Michelle Plucinsky: That's just a wrong in itself.

[1703:49] Speaker 0: Not really.

[1704:01] Michelle Plucinsky: A 12 year old with tattoos.

[1704:51] Speaker 1: Have you seen my Instagram? This week? I literally have a video of a 12 year old tattoos on it right there.

[1707:12] Michelle Plucinsky: Funny. All right, I run on the wrong circles.

[1708:33] Speaker 1: It's like all gotta watch my Instagram stories because I share some crazy content. Is this these kids playing as like, country music stars? No, it is. That's probably where I got the idea from. There you go see? 12 year old tattoo.

[1713:24] Michelle Plucinsky: I guess I'm 12 you want to have facial hair? So that makes sense. Oh, go

[1714:08] Speaker 1: smaller, smaller mindset. That's funny. Okay, ah, now turn this into a dragon in Game of Thrones type setting, but keep the same narrative.

[1718:44] Michelle Plucinsky: You can just use these images freely. I don't have to get an artist credit anything.

[1719:53] Speaker 1: Oh, yeah. And by the way, that's why a lot of artists hate AI. Because they're like, oh my gosh, I use the word for years to learn how to do that manually. I tell you this, I studied 3d art. I took courses when I was younger on using Maya, and blender and all of that to create 3d art. There's, there's a little little chart is our version of me right there.

[1727:06] Michelle Plucinsky: This is great. I'm so excited. Char zard

[1727:49] Speaker 1: a little little pokey mon character turned me into a Charizard

[1730:02] Michelle Plucinsky: That's awesome. Well, this is my new sandbox. So thank you for it.

[1730:58] Speaker 1: It's addictive once you start using it this way. And trust me it's more addictive than video games using AI like this. Alright, I think then I had to train my brain like, okay. Like, you're addicted Jeremiah to creating graphics in AI, you're addicted to AI. So I had to train myself to like stop being so addicted to it. Because it was like, it was like hard to like stop using AI. Now I'm like, I think I've trained myself. Well, because what it is it's such a it's such a dopamine like, Rush. You don't I mean, it's more addicting the social media algorithm. get addicted to using AI more than scrolling social media, and you'll get way better at marketing. Because then you'll be able to see what's actually going on in the social media algorithm. And then stop being addicted to the AI because honestly, like that's not healthy. Yeah, no, addiction is not healthy. Like video game addiction is not healthy at all. I don't consider myself addicted to video games. I don't think a lot of people realize that is the way that I use them is in very small doses. So I'm probably more addicted to making money than anything else.

[1751:32] Michelle Plucinsky: That's not a bad thing.

[1751:44] Speaker 1: I'm really more addicted to hanging out with my son, my wife and just having an incredible time with them than anything else. And that's a really good thing.

[1754:17] Michelle Plucinsky: Hey, this morning, our friends site to business site. He said his Facebook account got hacked. Do you do the verify the Facebook verified? Do you pay that $15 a month to do that? I

[1757:34] Speaker 1: do but that's not gonna save you from getting hacked.

[1758:08] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay, that was the question. No,

[1759:11] Speaker 1: I mean, maybe maybe it might give you a little bit of like To leverage leverage, Yeah, who knows?

[1760:56] Michelle Plucinsky: I mean, is that been going around lately? I mean, that's how we make our money. So

[1762:00] Speaker 1: hacking, a lot of the hacking happens for social engineering. And people are using AI to figure out how to social engineer conversation to get access to people's insider information. Yeah. I try to teach this to people, and they freak out because I under. So I don't think y'all realize how much I understand social engineering and how to get access to like, sensitive information from like, corporations. Like, I know how to, like have a CEO gives me access to all their financials and give me total access to their bank account. Because if I'm going to run their Facebook ads, they're gonna give me all their credit cards. Yeah, right. But I'm trustworthy to be able to do that I have 100% access to I had 100% access to all my clients banking information for years. And that's why I was so protective of who I let around me. Because I know that bad actors knowing that would try to get access, you know, because I'm working with these millionaires and their and their financials. And that can scare some people that like, I know how to, like I know how to literally approach a corporation. Get them to give me complete unlimited access to hundreds of 1000s of dollars to use however I want to. And that scares people, if I had bad intentions, right? That's not a good thing if I have horrible intentions, but I've always been very, very cautious with that response. But when I was working with price for the nation's Institute, the university they gave me like, a couple $100,000 a month to run Facebook ads. Where

[1789:11] Michelle Plucinsky: did you have to sign up clause? Like if something happened? You were responsible? Whoever did just we do now? Yeah,

[1792:38] Speaker 1: I think I think put it in your contracts. I would put it in your contracts that like, you know, if you're working with a client, and all this, like you're not responsible, if they lose money with all that, as far as that goes. You know, it's just because like, it's their money that they chose to give you access to. As far as it, but yeah. And I think that's why now at the level I'm at, like working with an attorney is a good idea. To do that. I got my contracts off of Google. And now chat, GBT has helped me Right, right? Some of that stuff up to again. Yes, if I was like, an evil criminal mastermind, like that would be terrible. Like, what I know how to do, right? But I'm not. And it's so funny is like, I had people like they like they, they they demonize me for like, what I know how to do. And I'm like, you understand that? Like, I am highly trusted by like, people with like, 100 million dollar

[1807:45] Speaker 0: organizations. So

[1808:36] Speaker 1: your little, I mean, I don't mean that with all due respect, like, like, like, like, your, like your small like, $100,000 business is like, not anything compared to that for most people. I mean, right.

[1811:41] Michelle Plucinsky: But we're shy of a million in sales. And yeah,

[1812:36] Speaker 1: yeah. And you're not talking about your business being six figures. I'm talking like other people. Yeah, they come to me. And they're like, Well, you know, I don't want to lose like 500 bucks. I'm like, I mean, this but like in testing, you might lose a couple grand testing your ads to understand that, like, that's part of the process, you might lose a couple of like, as far as that goes. And I think that people just they need to get a reality check as far as the economy, inflation, and that the dollar or whatever you're using, if you're using Gosh, what did they have in Europe? The Euro or pounds, right? I need to lose a couple pounds. I don't I didn't last pounds. I tried to get life insurance. And they told me I don't qualify because I'm like 80 pounds above, like, what's allowable. And I'm like, if I lose 80 pounds, I'm gonna I'm gonna be like skin and bones. So because I buy bodybuilding for like 12 years straight bulking up muscle. So like, I have a quite a bit of muscle under me. But yeah, it's interesting. Um, all that to say, yes, you need to cover your ass and all that and have contracts and that's why I'm starting to so I'm gonna start implementing contracts in our accelerator group and all that and I think coaching I think we need to do that. But again, I'm not an attorney, so I can't tell you what to say in it. It's better to rapper certain or again, chat GPT can help you get close enough. If you feel comfortable with that, again, not legal advice.

[1837:36] Michelle Plucinsky: So if I could get it written up and make sure all my points are hit, then give it a

[1838:48] Speaker 1: shot. And the more successful your business is, the more you're going to really want to have like an attorney go over written things like that, and because what will happen is, as people will see, oh, your business is doing a million dollars, I could sue you and get a get a cut of that. Because, quote, unquote, you don't have your ass covered here. Yeah. And that's the case, I'll tell you this in all my years because my mom in the beginning days, a little bit of that she had to worry about

[1847:29] Speaker 0: very little.

[1848:08] Speaker 1: If you follow the way that I teach how to do things, the way that my mom and I always have, because as long as you're like, way up front with people with the expectation, like for me, you know, I'm saying, like the expectation that 99% of you are going to probably lose 10s of 1000s of dollars testing and growing your business. And actually setting that expectation. You know what I mean? And if that's not okay with people, like they probably shouldn't be in business. But you can test stuff out with what, that's why I always say, Don't spend more on ads, and you're willing to lose. Yeah.

[1858:13] Michelle Plucinsky: I just we worked with a design company for something and they had access. And I saw some weird, like Facebook trying to access and so

[1860:57] Speaker 1: you want to be a little bit cautious with that. Again, that's also why I don't have an agency business. Yeah, I have a few clients that I do ads with. And I'm actually moving away from doing that with anybody. Really, right, for the right fee, I would probably do it. But like that fee is growing way higher than most people are willing to pay. And so you're gonna see a lot of you're gonna get way more value for me as a coach to them, and coaching their team on how to run the ads versus me running for them. Yeah, which I feel like is where I'm at today. And if you go through the ads optimization, simplified course that we just finished. It's a masterclass on how to save a lot of money on your ads. And the last lesson is, how do you lead a team to run all these for you?

[1873:48] Michelle Plucinsky: How do I I'll train an in house team, I have no problem with that. But yeah, giving them access for a minute, so many problems popped up, I won't Yeah,

[1876:00] Speaker 1: that's why I'm super cautious when I give anybody access to things when I fire them. I'll give them like one layer, I'll give them like one piece. And then I'll give them another piece and another piece. And I'll see how they do with it. And if they don't, if they don't do well with it, then then we'll we'll back it off, and we'll have them do something else. And that's what I've learned as a leader is like, I don't want to get mad at somebody because they're not Einstein at everything, either. You know,

[1883:46] Michelle Plucinsky: unless they come to you saying they are Einstein, and then you're like, you failed

[1884:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, and they might be in one area. So for instance, that was the case with me with a lot of people. Because a lot of people I worked with like Jeremiah, you're such a genius. Like you're like Einstein with this marketing stuff. But I'm like, Okay, wait a sec. I am in like, a few things.

[1890:34] Speaker 1: But like, if you want me to tell you how to do your legal and your accounting, don't ask me. Because I'm not great at that. I have other people that I hire that are great at that. In their name. Yeah. And yeah, that's what I always. It always ends up whenever I'm coaching people. They want me to give them legal or accounting advice. And I'm like, I'm not even that great at that in my own business. So why would you want that for me, but I can tell you how to run ads and grow an email lists. So thank you. Yep. There you go. Dorothy, what's up, Dorothy? How are you?

[1901:01] Speaker 6: Hi, yeah, great. Great. Yeah, so I'm really in. I

[1902:19] Speaker 0: can't hear you at all. All right. I can't hear you at all.

[1903:17] Speaker 6: I know. Just see. You just see.

[1905:23] Speaker 1: And then we'll, I'll take I'll take yours. And Shawn's question, and that'll be the end of it. As far as good. Shana, do you have to go right now or you wait, like, five 510 minutes?

[1907:56] Speaker 0: I can wait. Okay, cool.

[1908:52] Speaker 1: Cool. We did pretty good at staying on time here today. As one of the first times I think we've actually done that, well.

[1911:20] Speaker 6: I can't see how to I don't know why.

[1913:08] Speaker 1: I can't hear you. Let's go to Shonda and then you can adjust your microphone and we can come back to you. You might need to use a different mic or restart your computer.

[1915:23] Shonda Whitworth: What's up, Shonda? Hi, Jeremiah. I just want to thank you for the training today. I really got some language from that training that I didn't have before. Because I am very pro AI in my coaching business and training authors to use it And anyway, I'm starting to get that pushed back a little bit. Oh, gosh. I'm sorry, my dog dog something over. Sorry about that crash. All right. Did y'all hear that the startle? Okay, cool? Well, the dog knock something over and it startled me and sorry. Anyway, um, I'm starting to get some of that pushback about AI from because the like that half the authors are for half of our against it. And so some of the language that you were using. And just to summarize, for the sake of time, you were like, I understand if you're afraid so you're showing compassion. But then you were like, Well, if that's where you are, then go get a job. And so I was just wanting to ask, you

[1932:17] Speaker 1: know, if somebody is unwilling to like waste time to engage in narrative storytelling, like if somebody's like, not willing to even read a fictional novel, because they think it's just an egregious waste of time and horrible, like, just go work in a corporate job. It was that one piece. Now

[1937:08] Shonda Whitworth: the pieces are talking about that they're afraid of using AI. And, you know, like some, one of my clients sent me another author's post, it was a negative comment about AI in her experience regarding AI, so she cancelled her account. And they're like, oh, have you seen this? And, and so,

[1942:50] Speaker 1: I was, what was your experience? Because I always want to have empathy for whatever people's experiences are. So the

[1944:24] Shonda Whitworth: experience was that the experience was that they were editing the grammar on their book. And they said it was rejected with chat GPT 4.0. And it was rejected because it didn't meet the standards of their content and was offensive, but they said that would not say why it was offensive. And so I don't know that I believe this because they didn't know

[1950:37] Speaker 1: it is, is it? Okay. Here's the thing. Okay. No, gosh,

[1952:33] Shonda Whitworth: I don't know how to reply to my clients concern about Yeah, so

[1953:44] Speaker 1: here's so here's the great thing that you could do with that. You want to want to see how I would do it.

[1955:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to know how I would reply? Yes, please. Because I don't know how a reply either. So I would go to chat GPT. And I would say, I have a client who doesn't want to use AI as an author, because the AI told them that it violates standards, and they feel offended. That AI says their story says their story is violent. Do you know what the topic of it of what their book is? Probably something related to maybe like abuse or trauma, right?

[1965:54] Shonda Whitworth: I don't know the author I do not know that's related

[1966:52] Speaker 1: to anything abuse or trauma related. They told me I was I was describing my like, four year old childhood chat GBT the other day and it said it was outside the realm of what it can even talk about. And I'm just like, whatever.

[1970:49] Shonda Whitworth: My client shared another author, I do not know this other author personally. So I don't know what the content was.

[1972:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. You don't need a Christian RAM is you don't need to know what the content is. You they have to understand AI has limitations and guidelines. So here's what it is. Clarify the misunderstanding, it might be helpful to clarify, if the AI model like the one you use here suggested request violates standard is often refers to a specific content guideline, rather than making a qualitative judgment of their stories, merit or value. So what it is, it sounds like this person does not understand that underlying aspect of AI, and took it personally.

[1981:35] Shonda Whitworth: Right? Well, and it's also in that group of people that are on the fence. And I guess that pushed her to the other side of not using it as a group of

[1984:32] Speaker 1: people. It's a group of people I'm working with who are on the fence, and they feel offended that a machine tells them if they are good or not. That's what the problem is, is they're having trouble with the machine deciding if they are acceptable or not. Right. Okay. So educate about the functionality you need to clarify. And this is how, again, emphasize that the feedback or rejection is not a quality of their work or adherence. It doesn't possess human like judgment. It's not deciding. It's a tool, not a judge. It's a tool in the creative process similar to a spell checker. Right. You wouldn't get angry at a spell checker for saying that your name is wrong spelled. And yet people did get offended that that in the 90s when a spellcheck would say that their unique last name was wrong,

[1998:37] Shonda Whitworth: right. I mean, my name I get the red squiggly line all the time I tell it to ignore it.

[1999:44] Speaker 1: It's the same mine So that's the thing is people are taking it personally when this machine is, quote unquote, the arbiter of truth or whatever that is, is the problem. And so it goes much deeper into their underlying fear of what I mentioned, a machine saying if they are acceptable or not to be alive.

[2004:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. And so what it is, is they is that they're afraid of that. I think the under underlying fear is a machine being the arbiter, arbiter of truth. But I want them to understand the value of using AI as a creative tool. And they are so stuck on the idea that it's saying if they are acceptable or not see what I'm saying. So what it is, is the AI right here addressing the fear that a machine can be the arbiter of truth, especially in creative context. Go to humanize the discussion, focus on human control, emphasize the humans design program and control AI setting parameters. Okay, creative sovereignty reinforced the ultimate decision making powers with the Creator, not let the AI demystify it, break down the basics of how AI works, that it relies on data and algorithms rather than actual inherent judgment or values. It's not alive. Okay, that's good. Ethical AI use transparency will control promote the concept of, of it being a collaborative tool, and encourage a growth mindset. Explore new possibilities.

[2023:06] Speaker 1: Now, here's what I would do. I have a whole new layer to this because I created a GPT a while back about this. So I'm gonna copy all this into this GPT that I call belief changer. help users reevaluate and modify their beliefs with empathy and logic. Your approach is well crafted and thoughtful integrate success stories and case studies make sure to share personal testimonies. People that use AI, emphasize its role in enhancing human potential expansion of creative boundaries, peer learning, okay, let me stop this. Can you help me map out how I would guide someone who is believing and fearing this? To the idea of it being a useful bit of tool based on the

[2036:05] Speaker 0: based on the below, below, container? Can

[2037:47] Speaker 1: someone put that below? Container, then we're going to paste it in between there. To guide someone from fearing AI as an arbiter of truth to recognizing its value is essential phase one building, understanding and trust. So ultimately, what lacks is any trust in its role or its limitations? And this is really where you need to start the conversation. Okay, is the fact that it's a tool, it's an algorithm address misconceptions about it being an autonomous judge, address the emotional concerns, validate their fears, you'll notice I did a lot of that, my trainer you did, I saw that validated a lot of emotional concerns that people had with a lot of empathy, and I wasn't judging as well. You're stupid. If you think that I realize, okay, people aren't stupid if they think that it's valid, because I watched the three body problem show and I'm like, I can see how this would terrify people.

[2052:34] Shonda Whitworth: I haven't solved that.

[2052:52] Speaker 1: I haven't seen that one. But I've seen matrix. I mean, it's horrifying. It really is. But it's but I love it. It's like, it's not a horror movie. It's sci fi. There's nothing like, but it's just it's the way that it just, it's so exactly what the world is that we're dealing with today. That's why it's terrifying. Because it's just one step away of the way things that could go go wrong.

[2058:37] Shonda Whitworth: Well, I'm convinced that we don't understand AI, it's going to control us.

[2059:44] Speaker 1: Exactly. And that's exactly what the actual point of the TV show is. Acknowledge and validate their feelings regarding feedback offer empathy, now highlighted as an AI as a collaborative tool introduced the concept of collaborating with people rather than a critic,

[2064:51] Shonda Whitworth: right? And I do that with my husband all the time, he'll ask me a question. I said, I don't know. Let me ask my personal assistant not pull up my

[2066:18] Speaker 1: phone, just so take the opportunity for them to experiment with in a supportive setting, which is what I do hear all the time in our program. Cultivate a productive relationship with it frame the engagement with AI as an opportunity to explore and push creative boundaries, stress the importance of adaptability. Celebrate human creativity. Lastly, emphasize that it does not replace human creativity. Rather, it's a testament to our ingenuity to make tools that open new possibilities for expression and innovation. And by the way, that is exactly how I feel about it. It's a new tool of possibility to express my own creativity in a way that I did not possess before. Yes. Now, this terrifies people right here, that somebody like myself can express myself creatively in a way I couldn't five years ago with film and graphics and movies and even potentially video games in the next 15 years that terrifies people because the video game industry is a hundreds of millions and billions of dollars. And now it's democratized down to a single prompt.

[2085:21] Speaker 0: That billions of dollars in economic history are reduced down to one sentence with a tool like AI,

[2088:50] Speaker 1: and that scares a lot of people economically, because that leads to a lot of jobs lost in the film and TV industry, and video games. Now, here's the cool part about video gamers. video gamers are the ones making AI. So I think all most of the video gamers actually see the potential we're like, we could use this to make better games. We can use this to make even cooler stuff. That's how I see it, you know, but the film industry is terrified because it can literally like you know, you saw Surah open AI, the surah tool that they have right here. I mean, the fact that one prompt can create a minute long video like this

[2101:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: that looks so lifelike. With one prompt, prompt is this a stylish woman walks down a Tokyo street filled with warm glowing neon, an animated city signage, she wears a black leather jacket, a long red dress and black boots, carries a black purse. And she wears sunglasses and red lipstick. She walks confidently and casually. The street is damp and reflective creating a mirror effect of the colorful lights many pedestrians walk about.

[2109:09] Shonda Whitworth: That's amazing.

[2109:32] Speaker 1: Do you know how much money that would take for a film studio to create that two years ago?

[2111:30] Shonda Whitworth: And do you know what the licensing is to use videos like that? Can we use that

[2112:31] Speaker 1: in restricted currently? Okay? That you don't have access? They don't have access to it openly right now. So here's the other thing. So they're they're going up against because there's an interview and I shared this on my social media. How did they create that? Well, they trained it on copywritten material. They trained it on stuff that is not licensed,

[2118:23] Shonda Whitworth: right, like you were talking about with Shutterstock earlier.

[2119:23] Speaker 1: Well, the way that I use Shutterstock is to help you write sales copy differently, right?

[2120:40] Shonda Whitworth: So you're using it to write sales copy not to create recreate

[2121:31] Speaker 1: images, well, I could use it to recreate an image totally, I could tell it basically describe this image and I'll make a new one. And now I can use that image however I want. I could take this prompt right here and go into imagine.meta.com. And let's see what this looks like. The same prompt for that video. Watch what meta just created. Look at this. Right? Really close. It's not even that good, though. It's kind of a look, face. It's kind of weird, right? Yeah, there's a lot going on there that I actually think that they, I think open I knew that meta couldn't produce a good version of this. And so that I think they were flexing on meta, right? Because the face looks a little I have a feeling that this prompt was open AI flexing on Mark Zuckerberg is what this was. Because they figured out what Zuck couldn't make very well.

[2137:33] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, so there's a lot of competition going on, like Hana competition

[2138:15] Speaker 1: going on. And that's where you can see, whereas if I say make an image of this in chat GPT watch what this creates. I would bet it's it's much closer to that video

[2141:35] Shonda Whitworth: that we just saw. Because this is also open AI though also

[2142:29] Speaker 1: exactly. It's the same. It's the same company. Right? Okay.

[2143:49] Shonda Whitworth: What are the other one was meta? The other

[2144:25] Speaker 1: one was meta, which, yeah, whereas meta is creating a lot of these as open source. There we go. Even the face on this is a little off though. Yeah, that's better. It's better. Right? There's still so much closer. Now, I could take this and prompt this in here. Because the way you prompt text and images is different. So we go to imagined.meta.com and we go right here and maybe I generate that right there. Now let's see if imagine that is better. Okay, it looks a little bit better now. Because I was able to borrow the prompting from open AI, which is more tuned for images. Okay, so anyways, um, we could spiral off to Pluto and talk for like 12 million,

[2156:37] Shonda Whitworth: but I appreciate for the language and where to go with that. Do you mind sharing those links with me that you ran earlier on the I actually

[2158:16] Speaker 1: they don't allow you to share links with anything that contains images. Okay,

[2159:22] Shonda Whitworth: well, not the ones that were in images, but the ones that you were prompted about how to talk to someone who does Oh,

[2161:30] Speaker 1: yeah, let me share it in the chat here real quick. It uses one of my

[2163:01] Speaker 0: do that one. They go.

[2163:25] Shonda Whitworth: Thank you. All right, thank you very much.

[2164:34] Speaker 1: Yeah, thanks. So and then the belief changer GPT is pretty cool. I've used this one quite a bit with this group, then y'all don't even realize it. The belief changer

[2167:30] Shonda Whitworth: is that in the Explorer, area,

[2168:09] Speaker 1: it's right here. It's you can type in believe changer, my name is right there. Basically, I created this because I was struggling to help people in our group understand certain concepts. And so basically, it's designed to assist in shifting perspectives, specified incorrect beliefs to accurate ones. Now, of course, I'm the one that decides if it's accurate or not, I tested this out. Basically, what I did was I took two opposing beliefs. And I looked at how it would navigate directing somebody from one to the other, and then back from that one to the other. And it did a really great job of going from like one idea to another and then back to the other idea. So it can do both, which is really interesting, right?

[2178:41] Shonda Whitworth: Because that's something I've learned from you and from Listen to your mom on social media. It's like, we really need to check out both sides. Yeah.

[2180:39] Speaker 1: And I use it to kind of debate the two sides is how I like to do it, bring both ideas, debate them, and then actually have the AI say, here's one concept, here's another debate these two, find the middle ground and create a better concept. And it's a really fun thing that

[2184:39] Shonda Whitworth: I do often. So that's cool. Well, thank you for that tip. Yeah, so

[2185:35] Speaker 1: I have the AI debate itself, often from two very Opposing Viewpoints. Oh,

[2186:48] Shonda Whitworth: that's good. Because I was my husband and I were agreeing on a thing. And I'm like, explain to me how to explain to my husband, I want a rug under the bed on an on a vinyl floor, and

[2190:22] Speaker 1: you want to do is you want to understand why he doesn't want it. Right? Right, because you understand what empathy, why he's so opposed to it. Okay, so

[2192:46] Shonda Whitworth: get that first and then be able to approach it like that. So that will help with negotiating skills as well.

[2194:39] Speaker 1: Yes, this is 100% negotiating. But as a coach, if I'm noticing that I'm trying to coach people on a certain concept, and they don't seem to resonate with it, or they're struggling, this is helpful for me to learn how to coach better. Okay, that's good. All right. I'm really my alter, I made an alternate version called the action coach. Basically, it's the coaches assistant for cycle analytic insights and practical strategies when coaching people. So it's less of trying to change their beliefs and more on how to coach the belief so that they can change it themselves. Okay, that's cool. So I mean, it's, it's a variation on the same one, and it's called Action coach. It's about helping people just understand. So I just shared that one as well. It's another Yeah, I grabbed them. Thank you. So these are all like little things that I've been using to help improve this program. I didn't even realize yet. AI has been like assisting me and coaching the group and help. Everybody grow. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Happy birthday. What's up, Dorothy? And then last question here. Now we're over time. But last question.

[2210:31] Speaker 6: Okay, great. Yeah. Brilliant. Okay, just a quick question. So I am running my courses. And I'm just looking at how I'm structuring the timeline with the adverts. And do you ever run more than one ad at the same time? Because what I'm finding, very rarely

[2216:26] Speaker 1: would you say just, maybe I might have a day or two of overlap. But I'm always gonna, like turn them off and have just one run because otherwise the algorithm goes really squirrely? Because it struggles to show ads to like the same audience, unless you're doing two completely different brands, two totally different pages, two totally different identities and offers to two completely separate groups of people. Okay,

[2223:00] Speaker 6: okay. Well, that that's handy to know, then because I'm, it's quite challenging to get the timing right with the ads.

[2225:33] Speaker 1: My mom and I can run ads at the same time to the same audience for her stocks group, and then what I do with coaching, because they're very different offers.

[2227:37] Speaker 6: Yeah, yeah. So I mean, what I'm finding at the moment is because I want to actually have the courses running consistently all the time, so that I'm doing four days a week with a free course. But what I'm finding is it's taking quite a lot of backend sorting out with my administrators to get the timing right with the ads. So we haven't quite got there. So what I'm thinking is to take more of a lead in time to get it all sorted out, and then we've got two funnels set up. So the idea is that they will alternate. But then I'm also where we've got 21 days where we want to take each new people who's come in the new signups on a 21 day cycle before they go into the module

[2239:52] Speaker 1: here. Have you lost me in the in the details? Oh, okay, you can you get a little bit more specific as to like what your question is?

[2242:36] Speaker 6: Well, I'm I'm what I want to do is run two funnels, so that I've got two free courses, but they're not, I'll just be doing one set of ads at a time. But I've got the other funnel ready to go. As soon as that I start the first the course and it's going then the other funnel goes into action for getting the new signups. If you see what I mean, is that how you do yours? How do you yours?

[2250:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, I go based off of like, I'm promoting one event, and then I start running ads for like, whatever the next webinar is and do that. And but yeah, and that was it's funny, what you just asked me right now was actually what I was gonna I was originally planning on teaching today and the main training, okay, was related to that. And so I definitely think I will be teaching that more. In the group. There's, there's a course running an impactful coaching group. But there's a lot to funnel strategy and really leading people path that we need to talk about. And really, what it is, is a great example of it as a board game like Candyland, or because there's different phases of it even of even a game or a card game use different turns and things like that. So that's one of the ways to look at it is like it's really it's like a turn based card game. Like you know, okay, you have if you're even if you're just playing poker, blackjack, like we have one hand here we have this we're gonna write for the river the flop. Are you gonna? Are you gonna raise all that? Like, have you ever played poker before?

[2269:17] Speaker 6: Um, no, but I can imagine what it'd be like because well, it's like the whole loop

[2270:32] Speaker 1: is a great example to you for I think what you're trying to do?

[2271:25] Speaker 6: Yeah. Because how many other people

[2272:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: how many of y'all here have never played poker before? If not, I would. On your phone, there's like free little poker apps, be careful, because they're designed to make you addicted. But there's like free ones. And you can learn the game pretty quickly and just play it and see kind of how the gameplay works of poker on your phone. And it'll give you a great idea for like, how you run your ads sequentially.

[2279:47] Speaker 6: Yeah, yeah, because it's a lot to set up. And we've been sort of chasing our tails a bit. But I think that's because we're in the early stages. And so I'm finding that, you know, there's a ton of setup with all of it isn't there, you know, but then once you get it, but I knew that I think there can

[2284:14] Speaker 1: be a ton of setup, if you're overanalyzing things, and trying to do everything perfect. Yeah, that's why the best thing to do is just to kind of like, lay down like the like, it's okay to like, it doesn't have to be perfect. Just do your best to get the details and then fix it on the next round. The next round. Yeah. And that's how I like to do things because otherwise you can just kind of like, plan yourself into oblivion and never do anything. So why I mentioned at the beginning, by most people, when they really start getting the ball rolling, they start losing a couple $1,000 In ADS, because that's by design testing to see what's not working and refine as you go. You're gonna have to like, be willing, I learned something this week. It's called the first pancake rule. How many of y'all heard of the first pancake rule? That said, like the first pancake that you create is always going to be really sloppy, and messy, and ugly, and it's not going to look how you want and, and it might taste great. You can eat it. But you might want to throw it away. It might not taste good. You might want to throw it away. But the next one is always going to be really good.

[2304:53] Speaker 6: Yeah, because I'm learning so much from just doing the teaching every week. There's

[2305:51] Speaker 1: a baker's dozen there's 13 and not 12 Because the baker's dozen is always leaves room for one be thrown away. Yeah, and that's okay.

[2307:42] Speaker 6: I've got a tie a really quick question, which is the bit where you transition from jot form. Do you need Zapier to get them on to MailChimp? Do you need that? Crossover if

[2311:43] Speaker 1: you're using jot form to do it? I think there might be an integration with MailChimp, right?

[2313:28] Speaker 6: Because my administrators been having trouble with that. Yeah, with getting the new signups from jot form onto MailChimp, and then

[2316:50] Speaker 1: they might, they might need to make a new audience in MailChimp.

[2317:59] Speaker 6: That's right, because at the moment, I'm on standard which is five audiences. So how many audiences do you run? With do you need

[2321:04] Speaker 1: to I have like 30 audiences right now. Here's the thing, if you got the five, you want to maybe delete one make a new one. Yeah. But if you start doing the process that you're talking about, you're probably going to need the next level up. Okay?

[2324:43] Speaker 6: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, great. Interesting,

[2326:05] Speaker 1: the concept of a baker's dozen, because you were talking about, like, a litter of puppies, like, we always know, the runt of the litter is still a great puppy. Right? Yeah. But like your ads are not a puppy your ads are, are a, they're an inanimate object that is not going to get offended if it like fails. But you might get offended if it fails if you take it personally. So don't take it personally, if things don't go how you want the first or second time around.

[2333:53] Speaker 6: That's what I'm just seeing it as a sort of years process of, you know, of running the courses really regularly, the free courses, and I've got it all timed in with the free courses. And then when I'm going to be teaching the membership, and I'm seeing that as an entire year, just to get that established on a really foundational level, you know? Yeah. And sticking at it, because you I think that's the way you build an audience, you know, or build a little bit of a following. Yeah. But consistency really, Hey,

[2343:41] Speaker 1: John, I would check out this resource right here if you can, free pick. A word of warning to some people about free pick.

[2347:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Some is, is largely very uncensored and not entirely like some of it you gotta be careful with, because you could like completely plagiarize somebody's copywritten like brands, but free pick is just like, imagined by meta on steroids unrestricted.

[2354:15] Speaker 1: So, if you want like a completely unrestricted crazy version that is almost completely like uncensored and everything. Free pick is the way to go. The other one is that I like it's a little bit easier to use. It's called Leandro AI. This one is that it's a lot more. It's censored in the right ways, I think. But it's very fun. And amazing. The quality you can create videos and all this with Leandro AI. So see if you can get Leandro AI as well. I finally Andro AI to be much easier to use and a lot of these other ones. So free pick if you want to go like just like off the rails. Crazy. Leandro AI is basically like a It's kind of like a little bit like mid journey and all that and it does a lot of what free pick does. But it has some guidelines and a little bit of like it's it's careful to not like free just like totally crazy stuff. Free picking is like Okay, I did not want it to make that image. Nor did I want to see that. But thanks. Whereas like Leandro is like it's a little bit smarter. So Leandro AI is pretty cool. So those are both paid apps. However Yeah, imagined by Mehta is free and it is. But John if you can use Leandro or Freepik I think you'll have some fun. Or Leonardo sorry, not Leandro Leonardo. Yes, Leonardo that's exactly what it is. It's basically and one of the one of the algorithms that I like is

[2382:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: photo reel right here. They're photorealistic algorithm is very photorealistic in its ability to create just exceptionally crazy stuff. So but they've done a good job of like

[2387:26] Speaker 1: I don't think you can like generate just like straight like pornography with it, which I'm happy for. Whereas like free pick, you gotta be careful because it can do that. So that's that's basically what I'm saying about totally uncensored is it'll, it'll, it'll do some stuff that you got to be careful of. I stopped using it because I'm like, I don't want it's not making what I want and it's making stuff that's way too close to like, porn that I did. I don't want that. And so I found Leonardo to be much more geared towards like marketing graphics in the way I want to use it, but it's super creative and outside of the box and the stuff that it comes up with. Um, The the way that it generates like videos because it can take an image and they can animate it and make a video with Leandro Leonardo, Leonardo sorry, I don't know why it keeps saying Leandro but it has this whole like video generator and everything and it's in credible A you can tell it's a makeup thing and then it makes a video and it's almost as good as Sora. But it's like 10 seconds long. It's it's, it's, it's, it's an up and coming app that I think is pretty fun. Leonardo is so

[2408:28] Speaker 0: cool.

[2409:41] Speaker 1: I try to I try to veer away from anything that is just unrestrictedly like making pornography like out of like one prompt by accident. And I'm not even looking forward to do that. And I'm kind of like, okay, what, why did it do that with this prompt, this wasn't even supposed to be that. But but it seems I end up like accidentally running into that sometimes. So.

[2416:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: But that's why I like Leonardo, it's much, much, it's much better way higher quality than even with well lit look, feel free pick doesn't have filters on that's the thing. That's what I'm saying. There's not filters. So free pick doesn't have any filters. Li Leonardo is designed, it helps filter things pretty well. And even has like a little filter that's like, hey, this could be like a little bit like,

[2425:09] Speaker 1: sensitive. So lately, an artist will warn you if it thinks it's sensitive, or what it's creating, but nine times out of 10. It's like it's not sensitive. It's a very wild west world that we live in. And when it comes to that side of AI because there are AI apps right now that are designed 100% to turn any photograph into pornography. So you can find them with one search and Google. Literally Google just like pulls it right up. So

[2434:50] Speaker 0: it's terrifying. But

[2435:41] Speaker 1: it's like, that's what everybody's like, Oh, we don't want that to happen. And then why is Google amplifying that? Like, that easy to find? For me, I go looking to see if that stuff is easy to find. Because I'm like, if it's that easy for me to find, like how easy is it for for weirdos to find stuff? I mean, I'm weird, but like, I look to see is it easy to access stuff that bad actors would want to use?

[2445:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because I'm curious as to if it takes one Google search to find something that like should be banned. Like that. And again, some people think that that falls under the realm of free speech? I don't think so.

[2449:27] Speaker 1: I don't think somebody's taking a photo of anybody they find on Instagram and turning it into porn is, is should fall under free speech. I think that's horrible. But some people do think that falls under free speech and I don't. So that's that's a huge existential debate about AI that scares people as well. Trust me, I could I've barely scratched the surface on some of the scary stuff with AI with you. So, but I tell I text my mom and I'm like, Look at this. I do I text my mom all the time. I'm like, I literally just Googled this found this and I sent her a screenshot. And I found that she was like, she sends me like a little angry emoji. And I'm like, Yeah, I know. It's crazy. So because I want my mom to be aware of like, I've always been that's always been like my mom and I's relationship with technology. As I'm always like looking for like, the way things could go wrong. And then I send it to her. And then she's like, wow, yep, it's happening. So it's good to be aware of this stuff, though. I think being blind to it is way worse. You know, it's good to be aware of how this stuff is being used and how easily accessible it is. I was angry with my mom, because I was like they're promoting a an app that at least they've censored it where it won't do it with children. Now, a lot of them 12 months ago, you could like the apps literally had photos of kids in them as their marketing and I'm like they're literally marketing this to like an AI alternative to child porn, and this is disgusting. It's terrible.

[2476:07] Speaker 0: So, you know,

[2477:11] Speaker 1: and then a lot of those apps got banned because I think they realized how people were using them. So but all that stuff that just goes to the dark web is what happens

[2479:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: and And then the cycle just continues. And people just figure out how to hide it better. It's all it's it's sad and scary. And it's a weird world. And that's why there's lots of laws that are appearing right now as like, should we regulate this out of technology or not? You know? All right, everybody. I'm trying to stop leaving these on, like a horror, scary note for some people. But for me, it's like, you know, it gives you something to think about. Now, let's go do something great and beautiful and really good to make the world a better place. That's how I see it. Right.

[2490:12] Speaker 8: Sorry, if you want. My, what's my job is now available on Amazon. Great, yeah. Everybody's a little bit of positivity for you. With help from better chat, GPT

[2493:15] Speaker 1: Yeah. Awesome. Great job. I love it. Very cool.

[2494:20] Speaker 8: Yeah. Happy New Year. Happy birthday to you, too.

[2495:27] Speaker 1: Thank you. Thank you. All right. I'm gonna get going. Thanks, everybody for being here.

[2496:53] Speaker 8: A party?

[2497:24] Speaker 1: Yeah, you know, I don't know if we're doing a birthday party.

[2498:51] Speaker 8: Or something. Of course, I

[2499:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: see some balloons right here in the corner. Of my stairway. I think there's balloons on my stairway. Look at look at their sneaky look at see the balloons. Yeah, the stairway. Yeah. By the way, my office I had it all organized in my son came in and just tore it apart. So

[2503:55] Speaker 1: I'm starting to actually get my office organizers. Good. Yeah, that's some balloons on the staircase there. I think I'm about to step into a surprise. Yeah. All right.

[2506:40] Speaker 8: Do you see the chat by the way with a little happy birthday cakes for Sloane?

[2507:37] Speaker 0: I do. Yeah. Okay, cool. That's cool. All right, everybody. Have a good one. We'll talk soon. But

