CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-01-15T22:44:32.000Z
Duration: 158 min
Otter ID: kKh9SDL-hNMj-_jfePIlmaK4rIE
---

[1:29] Speaker 0: Let's do this. Well, I'm excited

[4:12] Speaker 0: Hello, hello. Hello. Welcome. Monica, how are you? Looking fabulous as always good. How are you? Good. How are you?

[7:46] Speaker 1: How are you? I'm doing good. I'm doing good.

[9:04] Speaker 0: Is there? Is there a lag? A little bit of a lag on your internet? Or maybe mine is? Who knows? What's up? Denise? How are you?

[11:57] Speaker 2: Hey, how's it going? I'm good. Thank you.

[12:33] Speaker 0: Good. Also looking fabulous Adele as well. We got got some smiling faces here. This is great.

[14:18] Speaker 2: It's always great to see smiling faces.

[15:04] Speaker 0: Oh, yeah, definitely. And then we got we got mark here we got abi. Lance. Awesome. Well, cool. I'm excited today I've been I've been spending the last three hours poring over what I want to talk about, which is cool. So today is our and I, you know, I'm also going to be teaching a class, I have kind of a new way that I even prepare my sessions and all of that, that I've been developing over the last year, since I taught some of that kind of how to use AI to really assist you. With creating this a killer class, one of the ways I do it is I take my class notes, and then I have it, I actually generate a sales letter for what I was what I would teach, and it taps into the emotional part in me, that pulls out what I'm going to teach to people, which is kind of cool. So it's a and it just helps me get really good at the sales messaging more and more and more is, as I teach it, sell it, sell it to you guys sell it to people that are out in the marketplace, it becomes deeper and deeper and deeper embedded into just every part of how I communicate whether you're hearing me in the accelerator, whether you're hearing me on a free webinar, the the energy is is matched. And I think that that's a powerful thing to do, you know, as far as that goes. So all right, let me go live in the in the Facebook group here. And we're going to start today, as we always do join us live, zoom, paste that on their sharing group. There it is, all right.

[41:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Should be going live in the group now. They fixed whatever bug that was. And then yeah, for me to share my screen, I gotta use a, I gotta use Firefox, not Chrome. For some reason, Chrome is making my computer crash. So there's always another tool, there's always a different tool that's out there. All right. So what I wrote down here is kind of the issues that I think

[49:47] Speaker 0: based on the last like two, three weeks, everybody has been bringing up in the comments and things like that. And so this idea of you have your business, you have the idea where you're going out there. And and if you're new to this program, maybe this might not be exactly what you've been bringing up or as far as that goes. Um, yes, I will talk about that, for sure. In fact, that's a little bit of what we're going to be touching on here today is, you know, if you're pouring your heart out there, maybe you feel like, this isn't what this, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna literally show you the sales letter that it generated for what I'm talking about here today. Do you feel like you're tired of pouring your business out there watching, like you're lost in a sea of competition for like, You're shouting in the void with algorithms, constantly changing the game on you. You check your sales, there's no sales, you feel like you're doing everything right. But you're invisible to your market. It was it was like there was a secret club of successful businesses and you weren't invited. So the idea is, like, I want to say that, you know, how do you stand out in a saturated market? How do you take control of the algorithm instead of it controlling you? And how do you turn your efforts into tangible results? That's what I'm going to be talking about here today. And so for me, actually, and I'll actually exactly what Mark asked, I'm gonna show you this real quick, because it's gonna set the stage for this. I also did it in the tone of Sandy Krakowskie. Do you feel like you're battling getting your business noticed by others? Do you feel like you're at the mercy of the never ending algorithm, right? It's always changing. You'll go out there you did. Venetia knows that that's like, right. If you've ever put an offer out there, and that can stop us from even doing the things that we needed to do. So how do we cut through the noise so that people notice us? How do we turn our work into Sales, financial results. You know, and this is the part it says you ever feel like when I talk about, by the way in writing sales copy when I talk about creating a sales letter at it telling the story of the target customer back to them, before they even buy, this is what we're talking about. How many of y'all resonate with literally what I'm talking about in some way or shape or form? Right now, right, exactly. And so does it feel like you're staring at the computer screen wondering why sales are flatline even though you're doing everything by the book. As far as that goes, you're working around the clock, but nothing seems to come together. And so when we're writing a sales letter, really, it's all about telling the story on a very deep emotional level as to what people experience. And then I have some of these notes right here as far as kind of what what to talk about, as far as I do this for all my webinars, too. By the way, I do this for all my courses. I do this for the lessons in my courses. How do you stand out in a crowded marketplace, stay up with the changes on social media master each phase of prospecting, meaning, prospecting is where you're sifting for gold? Right? By the way, if we're talking about prospecting for gold, maybe y'all aren't familiar with the idea of gold prospecting, it's panning for gold. And guess what ends up happening is most of what's in this pan is dirt. It's useless. It's not going to work. You want to know how many leads that you get when you're running ads are I mean, okay, listen, again. Everybody is a special incredible, unique snowflake that God created. That's amazing that he loves that has greatness inside of them. But for your business, about 5% of the leads that you get are ever going to convert to sales in the beginning. And even if you're like a super genius, brilliant at doing it all perfectly, you're barely going to get 10% are going to convert. So understand that 90% of the leads that sign up to your email list are not even worth anything. It's like this prospector right here. I mean, this is, this is literally a picture of me. If you're thinking about it, I guess maybe that could be me right there. I don't know. But it'd be a picture of of what I feel like and I feel like all of us even feel like right. I know. It's all guys were the women were the Oh, and watch. It's probably gonna be like, Oh, no, that's good. Yeah, woman in a bikini, of course. Well, we got, we got like a, this is us right here. This is the women that are out here, we're prospecting. Here's a good one right here, prospecting for gold in the water, right? This is what growing a coaching and mentorship business really is like. It is so likened to this, but it's also very much and then what is running a coaching business like running a coaching business is a lot more like this running a daycare a little bit. Dealing with the client, especially in the online coaching space, right? In the in the one on one space, you know, one on one coaching is it's it's way more polished and pristine. And this is how we want everything to be and how we imagine it could be. This is how we imagine that all of our coaching interactions are like but really, it's it's a lot more. It's a lot more like like this. It's a lot more like that when we're coaching and dealing with and it's not that y'all are crying babies, but it's just we want everybody to get to where it's like, you know, happy baby like this as far as that goes. But it's like, not everybody really is that everybody you know, you got you got you got grumpy baby over here. Okay, and maybe it's not that everybody's babies, but let's do. Let's do sixth graders. Right? A grumpy sixth grader. That's just grumpy. Sixth grade book. There we go. Yeah. Or, or teenagers, right. And maybe that's more when it's like when we're coaching is it's like we got these teenagers that are out there. You know, crying teenager, this is when the algorithm doesn't work. But then we also we want to get our clients to the place where they're like this. And why am I using even children and teens as an example because we think subconsciously, as far as how to effectively write sales copy, and needs to be written basically to to a fourth grade reading level. No more than a seventh grade reading level, right? So the way that you're talking and communicating in your sales car He needs to be as if because what you're doing is and you got to understand, I think we really have to understand the the idea of parts of the mind versus the mono mind is what it is. So the mono mind is this idea that. And by the way, this is a book from a PhD, Richard Schwartz, creator of the internal family systems model of healing trauma and restoring wholeness is this idea that our mind is not necessarily made up of, you know, we have our conscious mind our unconscious, and then our instinctive mind. And generally, we are actually in our sales copy speaking to these to the instinctive and unconscious mind, the conscious mind is only going to really be looking at the visual side of things, as far as that goes. So the conscious mind when we're looking at a sales letter, and a landing page is is is reading. It's reading the text, it's looking at the photograph, it's looking at the pictures, right? The picture is on the sales page, it's reading the text. But what we're actually tapping into in our sales copy, in our marketing, and in our coaching is the unconscious mind, and even the limbic sort of like the primal mind as far as what has been conditioned by years of conditioning, from our friends, family, jobs, things like that, as well as generations of generational human conditioning, as well, right, we got to think about that, we got to think about that. And I love using Google Images, just as an example of this, this is who we don't want to show up as with our sales copy, right? We don't want to look like that to somebody. Like, who's gonna buy from this guy that worked back in the 1900s, or 1800s. But then after that everybody got savvy. And this became the example of who to not be right. Or maybe in the modern day times, right? We got the you the used car salesman, right? This is, this is who we don't want to be like, when we're selling our coaching.

[199:13] Speaker 0: How many of y'all sometimes had how many of you have experienced this guy, right? We all we all know him. And let's, let's be honest, the if he's really good, he might be wealthy, he might have a lot of money. He might he might be successful, the successful car salesman, right. You know, he might, he might be in a suit, he might have his own his own building and staff and everything like that. But there's not much separating between him and the used car salesmen. And while we want to have that success, we don't want to do so by by by being somebody who is literally just treating people like a number like they're a vehicle or somebody like that. As far as that goes. I'm also I'm giving you guys an example of how I'm using Google images like this is how you can do a sales pitch and a presentation on the fly without having a PowerPoint, ready to go. Because, again, I don't have a PowerPoint. But I bet I could probably take photos like this and use this. And even when I'm breaking down right now, I can probably chat GBT generate me images of as far as that goes to us as far as to give a presentation. And to do that, by the way, I've historically sold without PowerPoint. But I use the whiteboard. And I use Google Images constantly while I'm teaching, while I'm selling and things like that, to sell the the imagery as far as that goes. So to be successful, in your coaching or mentoring business to actually show up as an as a respected authority that people look up to, right, because really, that's what you want to be. You want to be that that person, that leader that people respect, that leader that people don't just respect, but they listened to they they they follow they want to engage with and if we look at, you know, a great shining example, I think Simon Sinek really owns that sort of space, even in like the leadership space. He's just somebody who embodies the personality of a leader that people would respect. Right, and he's not perfect, and he talks about that. But I think if we were talking about the energy that we want to come across with for our sales and marketing, I think Simon Sinek is a great example of that. I think, even Brene Brown she's a great example of that when she tea teaches people listen, they lean forward no matter what walk of life they're a part of. And look, if we even look at the top bar right here of who shows up. As far as this goes, these are all people that I think we would all say, hey, they got some pretty good information. Right? These are authors, these are respected leaders again, if you put them all in a room, none of them agree with each other. And I don't agree with all of them, and neither do any of Right, exactly. Let's think about that. That would be a fun debate panel to hear all of these different leaders like let's even pull in like Jordan Peterson and Jocko and Jay Shetty and, and Scott Galloway, along with, you know, Tony Robbins, Mel Robbins, John Maxwell, Tom, Bill, you Steve Bartlett, Adam Grant. And when we think about the coaches and mentors, by the way, the people that I just named if you're a brand new coach or mentor, Andrew Huberman is a great example of this. By the way, I just I love this. My mom thinks it's so cool. She She interviewed Huberman before he was on Rogan, which is kind of cool. And so yeah, she's got him on, on her podcast or something like that. It's funny, Sandy Gronkowski, Andrew Huberman. Where is it right here where they were, they were talking together about this, oh, I ought to find it. Is it this one right here. Or this might be an older one. But I know that they had a conversation together that was that was on an I want to her platform. So anyways, these are people that you can look up to as far as who you want to embody and show up with, right. And I want you to think about this. And I want you to imagine this. And this is something that I that that is an exercise that I've always done when it comes to sales and marketing when it comes to building my business when it comes to coaching, when it comes to showing up to create the life and the business that we want to create. Welcome everybody. I know some of y'all are coming in late here just a little bit. I apologize for again, not letting you in the room here. sooner. If you missed what I'm talking about right now, we're really breaking down some powerful concepts, about leadership about showing up as an authority in your space about how do you sell this to people, effectively, you know, how do you cut through the noise with your brand? How do you show up in the space where the algorithm is constantly changing? How do you actually get sales from your efforts in your business instead of feeling like you're chasing a moving target constantly. And so what I'm sharing is, is that if you look at some of these leaders that are out here, these are mentors, coaches, trainers, authors, podcasters, and speakers that I think that hold a unique space, and are even archetypes that we would resonate with, you know, for instance I resonate a lot with Jocko Jocko is kind of like my kind of guy that just he talks I listened to I'll tell you I grew up around the pastor at the church I grew up in was pretty much like that. That's what he what he was like. And, but what I love is Jocko literally has the biggest heart in the world. Right? You know, he looks like the biggest hard ass and trust me I promise you he is nothing can hurt this guy. But he's also like the most down to earth sweetest guy like I like. Like I know that Halston would love him as far as that goes, right, you know, and he even has books. He has these kids books that he's written, that actually changed my life. When I read them. The Way of the Warrior kid by Jocko is such a powerful story about how to go from this Wimpy Kid to being a warrior. And you know, when we talk about our sales copy when we talk about our marketing, when we talk about reaching our clients, and we think about how do we need to speak to people it comes from that perspective. Like we're speaking to a kid, somebody that's in the fourth or sixth grade or even seventh grade reading level, because what that is, is that's the emotional brain. That's the that's the the feeling brain, the unconscious mind. And so to effectively create sales copy to effectively create an offer that touches the hearts and minds of people to effectively coach people. You're speaking to the inner sort of child preteen, what is the age range of fourth to seventh grade? What is that age range as far as that goes?

[317:38] Speaker 2: Nine,

[317:53] Speaker 0: nine to 13 year olds. Eight to 13 is where a lot of our personality is for Aren't you obviously they say I mean we're seeing with Halston, right now, zero to three is huge. But like eight to 13 is where we start to make our logical decisions in our world view is a big part of things. And most of the people that we're marketing to have a fixed mindset. So they don't have a growth mindset, this idea of and what are the two as far as that goes, one thing I would encourage you on is make sure that you have to as far as set and not just a fixed mindset. And a fixed mindset is this. I'm the way I always will i am and i will never change mindset, I will never grow, I don't need to grow, I don't need to change. I don't need to adapt the way things always are the way they always will be. I don't need to change I don't need. Okay. Let me see, I'm going to turn off the ability to unmute, because nobody needs to unmute themselves right now. Um, okay. So, this idea that like, things are always going to be the way they are, they always will be that way. It's important to realize that that thinking is where people are at when we're reaching them and marketing to them. By the way, I discovered myself where I've been caught up in that way of thinking, this week. You know, how I am with my son, how I have been with my wife how I am, even as a business owner. And I'm coming to you today with a little bit of humility, that maybe you That's it sounds, not humbled to say that but anyways, like, I'm coming here today, say I need to be more humble in this area of, of not having a fixed mindset, having total confidence in what I teach and what I mentor people on but realizing that I can grow I can get better I can improve on my sales, copy my language, my offers. Why because if I had improved all the way there I would be where those leaders that we pulled up on the screen are, I would be where they're at and the fact that I'm not as successful as the people on this list today are make sense. Now, of course, you know, when I got started in the space, I got a picture of me and Gary Vaynerchuk he spoke on my mom's stage. Brene Brown wrote us and said that our work inspired her to go after writing her books. She was actually one of the one of the first followers of my mom, Sandy Krakowski. And her business back in the day was Brene Brown, and she wrote us a handwritten letter 10 years ago. And 10 years ago, she said, Sandy, you gave me the courage to be vulnerable,

[368:36] Speaker 0: literally. And how many people's lives have been impacted from that?

[370:51] Speaker 0: You know, maybe my maybe my mom hasn't had a TED talk that's been this big or things like that. But being able to inspire somebody like Brene Brown, and by the way, I was part of that, working on the marketing and the sales process and being part of that team to get that message out there. How did my mom's message reach Brene? Brown?

[378:49] Lance Williams: You know?

[380:21] Speaker 0: And I brought to tears because I've had people telling me, Jeremiah, isn't that a bit grandiose to think that you could impact that many people with your work? And I say no, it's not because I literally know people that have done that. I have done that not not to, again, I'm not I'm not saying that Brene Brown is who she is today, because of me. I mean, that would be like psycho to even think that. But like having a small part and helping market my mom's message back in 2010 2009 2011 2012 2013 Two people and reach millions of people with the message, the coaching and the training. And what was I doing then I was I was working on the ads, I was working on the sales copy. I was doing some of the coaching and the training and I was helping my mom, brainstorm, even come up with ideas of how to reach people with her message. And so that was how I was able to do that. Okay, and so like, I want you to realize that your coaching could impact the next Brene Brown that you're mentoring can impact the next Tony Robbins the next Gary Vaynerchuk shot the next Steve Bartlett or you could be come the next version of that those people that are out there, I want you to think that, like, literally the people that are on this list, there is nothing that actually separates you right now from where they were when they when they first made the decision. I want to impact people with my message. And I want and I want to say that again. And how many of you believe that right now? Because I think that that belief is a big part of this. How many of you believe that there is no difference today between you? And any of those mentors when they decided I'm going to impact people with my message? Okay, maybe your message is different than theirs, of course. Right? It is different. So I'm not talking about like their message. I'm not talking about their experiences, because you're unique. In fact, they're not like you, you're different than all of those people that I showed right there. But I want you to just grab grasp this that you are, were any of those leaders that are on this page that have impacted millions of people's lives were when they thought, hmm, I could write a book. Hmm, I could do a podcast. Hmm, I could coach somebody. Hmm. I can start a coaching business and certify people. Hmm. I could buy the New York Jets. Well, he hasn't done that yet. But you know, that's what he wants to do. Right. Hello, I could take my experience in in battle, the wounds that I've had, I don't know if he was wounded in battle. But I don't know if he had I don't know, I should look into that. You know, but I mean, respected leader right here. And of course, he was respected before he showed up Lewis house was a sports player. But there was a decision that they made of, okay, I have this idea I need to reach people online with and where you are here today struggling wondering, gosh, do you realize that like, there was a time where Gary Vaynerchuk was like, gosh, I don't know how to make this algorithm on Twitter work. I don't know how to reach people online and sell to them. If only I could do that and get now of course, he had the experience of building his dad's wine shopper, or, you know, I have the experience of building the business with my mom or Brene Brown had her experience of working. Gosh, what does what does she do before she Yeah, she did Social Work at UT Austin. And she did a TED talk her career, she started researching courage and empathy. And that's kind of that's kind of what she talks about a lot. Right? She talks about all that how many of you all like realize that you try to reach songwriters, you trying to reach women to help them feel more confident people to help them hear the voice of God, parents of basketball players, parents of of you know, kids that maybe have gone to prison, but want to write a story, right? That's your story. You want to help people feel more confident on camera, things like this. You want to help people feel stronger in their physical body, eat better, not let what tried to break them, destroy them. People that have a background in computer science, it whatever it is, wherever you're coming from, that there are people that you can impact with your message. So how do you actually show up and cut through the noise of all this, by the way, and you just gotta I just gotta level with y'all again. There's there are so many like other people that are where you're at right now the competition is 1,000% worse than it was 15 years ago. Okay. The amount of people that have coaching courses and training and they feel inspired to get their message out there, maybe not in your community, maybe not in your small community of friends, there might not be but there are people that are out there that that are right where you're at as well and so that you're caught, you got to like level with the fact that competition is real, right? There are people that are working 10 times harder than you right now. Trying to reach the exact same client With nearly the exact same message that it would almost seem like if you saw their marketing that they have been reading your mind to reach people, right there is there is somebody that's out there today, that's exactly just like you that's trying to reach somebody, and they're also trying to make sure that you don't succeed. Okay? So like, you just gotta like, realize that that's the reality of the world that's out there. Okay? Don't let that get you to give up. You know, especially if you if you experience trauma or pain or things like that, that could get you to feel like oh, gosh, well, that's just too hard. I don't want to deal with that. You don't pay attention to them. You just got to understand the exist. You know, I don't I don't pay attention to a lot of that. And the nice what's going on?

[494:45] Speaker 0: But oh, can you? Can you unmute yourself?

[496:41] Speaker 2: Okay, yeah, I wasn't able to I think now I can go. I go, I everything you're saying is so spot on. Like I've been around for a long time, right. And it's more saturated, just generally speaking, right? The industry. And I go back to two things. One, and one is something your mom said. And the other is something you you teach us. The first is years ago, um, there forget Sandy talked about, like finding your authentic voice, and being authentically you when you're on social media. And she talked about like, there's a vibration. When we are really true to ourselves speaking our message, like the frequency of our voice, it resonates with people. And I always remember that. And ever since then, like what I've one of my goals has been to speak as authentically as I can. And I just believe like, there's certain people that are only going to resonate with my voice. Yeah, this point, I'm just interested in finding those people and helps me to stay focused and not caught up. Because it is competitive. The second thing is, and this is the probably the biggest thing I've learned from you, is consistency. Like the number one reason why my business has not grown, and will not continue to grow is in consistency. Like I have all the tools. It's, it's doing the actions consistently over time. And it's inside of the consistency and the meeting with you watching the trainings that I'm refining the skills of marketing. I am first I consider myself a marketer. Yeah, content creator, I am a huge guest. And so I just wanted to share those two things because, and then along the way, it's like whatever gets in the way on my authentic voice. And my consistency is the internal work I do such I stay in action. But like, for me, my main thing right now this year is staying in action, getting an action staying in action, I'm very focused on that, and then being authentically my voice. So I just wanted to read that.

[533:49] Speaker 0: That's awesome. You know, I'll say this. As a, I think that that's great. And that's who you want to reach and your message will resonate with somebody very specific. As far as that goes. One thing that we want to be aware of, however, is that sometimes the authentic voice does not necessarily translate when it comes to sales copy. And I think that that's a big one. Because I've seen, it's a big thing that I hear people say is they write sales copy, but then they're like, Oh, well, that copy doesn't sound like me. That copy doesn't necessarily sound like how I would say it. And so that's something that when you're reaching people with your sales copy, it's not going to sound like how you say it, because here's why it's gonna sound like how they would say it to themselves internally in their internal dialogue. And so you're so you're, you're coaching itself 100% your authentic voice how I'm showing up right now, I'm not tailoring this to how you guys would hear it. Maybe I'm bringing in some examples that resonate, right. You know, like when I showed the the male and female prospector there's an example right there. You know, when I showed when I talked about like the different businesses and things like that, that you guys have, but when I show up to the marketplace, to actually sell and reach people, I'm mirroring their voice back to them. Okay, Right. So again, the initial, what gets them in the door, right? Because here's really there's two phases right here. And I think that these are the two phases where people are some of y'all that are in the accelerator, you need to get people in the door, right? This is like, this is like a storefront right here. And you want to get them in the door. There, you know that they're out there. They're on the internet, but they're not even in the parking lot yet. Right. And maybe they show up in the parking lot, that's when they become a lead. But as you know, like they might, they might be in the parking lot, but they're going to somebody else next door, who does the same thing you do. And so this is why you might have, oh, I got 200 leads, but nobody showed up. Well, they're showing up to somebody. And they're showing up to listen to somebody. And they're showing up to listen to somebody, whether it be their friends. What do they get when they listen to their friends negativity, you probably shouldn't do this, you can't go accomplish this, how many of y'all get that from you, and maybe some of your friends, you might want to change your friends. If you are, you might want to realize that just because you hang out with a certain group of people doesn't mean that you have to stay loyal to the ones that you've known for 1015 years, especially if they're negative, and they're holding you back. And they're telling you that you can't do this, okay? Because that voice and that message gets in your head, and I don't care how much you feel influential to them to try to change them or you feel like they're a project or your responsibility to change, you can not when building a business. Sure, be friends with them, okay. But don't bring your business ideas to them. You know, you could totally be friends with them. But don't bring stuff that you want feedback on because they will literally shoot it down. And then those ideas, your brain will end up fusing with their ideas, you'll end up taking on their beliefs, okay, as a coach, and as a mentor, I have to be really careful to not cognitively fused with my clients, or I end up taking on your beliefs, and then I got the same struggles you do. I've noticed that happens. I've noticed my own tendency to do that, that I end up doubting if I can even build my business or if the algorithm can work. And then I'm like, No, do you not realize Jeremiah, who you are, where you came from, what you can accomplish. And I have to remind myself all the time, that I don't struggle to get clients, that it's not a struggle, because that's a core belief of mine. If I start believing that it's hard, that it's a struggle, then it's going to be harder than necessary, then it's going to be way more difficult. Why? Because I'm stepping into and again, I love y'all I do. And I don't mean this disrespectfully. But like I don't want the business you guys have right now I want you to have a business that's better than me. Right? And so I want to raise you up to that level. When it comes to your coaching and course business. I want to help you make seven figures, I want to help you make eight figures. Some of y'all are like, gosh, it'd be nice if I made 100 bucks. You know? So what's it going to take for you to start making 100 bucks. Number one, we know this. We talk about this all the time. I've talked about it at length way too often. You can't let the fear and worry of what other people think about you stop you from success. You can't let the need to please other people run your life. You're not going to please everybody you are going to disappoint a lot of the people that are in your parking lot because you offer chocolate chip ice cream and they want vanilla. Okay. And what's the difference between somebody choosing chocolate chip or vanilla? Your chocolate chip could be 1,000% better than the vanilla next door that's packed with fake ingredients and stuff like that and you've slaved away for hours on the greatest quality chocolate ice cream on the planet that literally helps them lose weight. Right? It helps them get a six pack and whereas next door is gonna get them addicted to their sugar and all of that and guess what? People are going over here and you got nobody walking in here because they heard from somebody over here that your stuff tastes bad How many of y'all are resonating with that? And that's really what it's like. And by the way, they might not know who you are over here, but they're talking about people like you or what you're doing or things like that, right. And by the way, we experienced this ourselves and reaching our clients, you're not going to reach clients until you move past this. Until you grow beyond this until you grow beyond the fear and worry. And the belief that it's too hard to succeed. The way you're doing it might be too hard. You don't have to do it that way. Right? I believe this, and I have a firm belief and I want you to set a boundary when it comes to your personal time management. That the time that I spend with my family. And again, I understand maybe you don't have family, if you got friends, you don't got friends, time you spend with yourself and your cat, okay? is the most important thing to me.

[657:54] Speaker 0: And that nothing else is more important. In Your Life. Again, could be your church could be your work, I get that that's a priority. I understand. That's the thing, like even what Edna is saying, I got so much going on, how do I put my sales copy out when I got so much going on? And maybe your work family and church literally might be the only family you got? And so that's why you're doing it. By the way, that's me. That's what's been that's been me, that was me before I married my wife, but at the same time, you then figure out and prioritize how to reach your goals? How do you create a business? That makes you six figures? Sometimes it's taking a look at what are all the things that I'm doing in my life, and figuring out what is the most important priority. And it's not always going to make everybody happy, it's not always going to please everybody, you may have people be disappointed in it. We have to get to the place where we don't let the need to make others happy. Be what drives us in our life. Okay. So again, that's enough mindset stuff, because I can literally go on a tangent about mindset. And that's not going to get you guys anywhere here today. Because I talk about that enough. In here. I talk about that enough on my social media. I talk about that enough on here. Okay, boundaries are hugely important. That's why you have a boundary of people coming through the door in your business. This is a boundary right here, right? It keeps people out that don't pay. So you've got to have a boundary right here around being very selective of who you let in that doesn't pay you money. And realize that that's not selfish. That that's not mean that that's not bad, that that's not rude, or dishonest or any of that stuff like that. It doesn't make you a used car salesman to say, Hey, you can't just steal this car from my front porch. Yet many of y'all are giving away something that's worth way more than a car that's sitting in front of your house. I guarantee you that if you dial in your coaching, you can ask for $14,000 or more for your coaching. You know, we just sold a bunch of one on one packages this last week for $14,000. And I don't say that to brag or say that but I say that I wouldn't just let somebody steal that for free. And yet when I started I did I was giving it away to everybody. I was trying to reach everybody I was trying to give away way too much good information, way too much content way too much. As far as, oh, I don't want to charge too much. Or oh, I don't want to say no, I don't want to I don't want to take away from these obligations that I have. You need to prioritize selling in your business. The ability to sale sell the ability to bring in sales in your business

[711:21] Speaker 0: so how do you differentiate yourself when it comes to dealing with the algorithm. Again, I can talk for the next hour all about boundaries, priorities, things like that. I'd recommend looking up maybe the book boundaries by Dr. Henry Cloud. Looking up the book not nice by Dr. Aziz Gaza Pora. And looking up with the Looking up the book the disease to please, during the people pleasing syndrome, breaking up with the need to please everybody around us because we have all these obligations

[725:06] Speaker 0: and this is a part of my message that a lot of people don't like and they don't resonate with and I've had a lot of people get very angry with me and tell me like, you know that they can't say no to people in their church or their family or their home or their workplace or things like that, that they're obligated to. Okay, so I understand that. And again, I'm not assuming that I know all situations. By the way, though, if you feel like you can't say no to somebody, you may be inside of an abusive situation, possibly. Okay? So I want you to also understand that belief that you may be in an abusive situation where somebody is not allowing you autonomy to choose what's best for you and your family. And become aware of that, okay. Now, of course, I'm, I have a belief, my wife and I, we're going to make it work, and I don't want to leave her. But if my wife was abusive to me and my son, she's not. But you know, my mom had to do that. As far as that goes. So understand that the reason why it's so hard is because there's beliefs beneath the surface as far as that goes, okay. So now let's take this right here. And weird. How do you actually position yourself to get people to actually come to the parking lot for you. And to come through your front door right here, it's all about your messaging. It's all about the words that you say it's all about the written. The written the sales copy on the landing page, on the page where they register, it's all about the written words. So like, if we look at written sales copy right here, it's all about these written words that are right here.

[755:34] Speaker 0: It's all about the visual images. It's all about the words that are over on Facebook, on the ad campaigns, right? This is an ad right here with my mom, get your free AI stalks guide today, I clicked the ad, I cost her money. Now, it actually doesn't cost you any money if you click an ad, so people don't realize that. And then it goes right here. Artificial Intelligence is changing our entire world, just like computers in the Internet and the 80s and 90s. I wrote this sales letter, by the way, this is a sales letter that I wrote to reach the clients that my mom was looking to reach, learn how to invest in this massive shift. So you're not left behind insights and trading the hottest sector of the stock market. So we switched that, and we adjusted it from the original sales copy that we had right here, which was the wealth book, transform your finances, master the art of stock trading, even if you're a beginner wealth Wisdom book. And then we even had, let's see, do we have the wealth? Or no, it was a stocks bootcamp. We had this stocks bootcamp, as far as that goes, that spoke to you know, how to make money, even if you're a beginner in the stock market, but we've pivoted towards directly speaking to a certain group of investors, not everybody who wants to invest, but those that want to get in on one of the hottest sectors of the stock market, how to how to find those stocks, people that maybe are even possibly overwhelmed by what AI has, right, you're overwhelmed by AI you're bombarded by so this is all sales copy. That speaks to who we're trying to reach with our sales letter with our landing page. And then this landing page, people sign up for it, right. And it has some kind of a resource that they're gonna get. They're gonna walk away with something, whether it be an e book, Oh, no. Oh, no. Ah, that's not working. Ah, I'm gonna have to fix that. Anyways, they get it in their email, too. Well, that makes sense. Somebody said that the link wasn't working. So I'm going to fix that. As far as that goes. That's funny. Um, so that's the thing. That's what might be why people aren't showing up for you. They might, you might literally have a link that's broken. You might have a page that's broken and you don't know how many times I've seen people's ads were the link was broken when they went out there when they did that. And again, some of y'all might be like, Why would never do something as egregious as that mistake? My goodness, that's terrible. That's horrible. It happens, it happens way more often than you think. Because this is a new thing. And your brain is distracted by a lot of that stuff. But the thing that you got to remember is this. What's going to get people to show up to listen to you is because you're tapping into what emotionally triggers the deep desires that they have. So your landing page, your sales page, needs to speak to one very specific area in their life and business and paint a clear picture of what it looks like. If this was to happen for them you know, if I, if I make an image of something like this, I'm a tech space AI and I can Oh, because you're not chat GPT for

[816:06] Speaker 0: let me see, Monique has got her hand raised. Monica, what's going on Monica?

[818:23] Speaker 1: Um, I have a question regarding all this. I know that social media is not everything. But in my circumstance, I just have a question regarding it. I am in the beauty realm. And the way that a lot of people build trust with people in my realm would be Instagram, or Tiktok, or whatever. I guess my question is how much do I tether that in? So I know that obviously sales page having your own real estate, that's important what you just showcased? I understand that because I've done that before. But how much should I focus? On each? I don't know what it is, well, how

[829:58] Speaker 0: much do you want to focus on your social media?

[830:53] Speaker 1: I love my social media. But I've been off of it, I've taken a break from it. I've just taken a break in general. So I haven't been here, I

[832:33] Speaker 0: would keep your social media around what your core message that you're selling. Okay,

[833:49] Speaker 1: cool. So basically, build sales pages, have a freebie that kind of thing. And then talk

[835:42] Speaker 0: about what's on the sales page, kind of like how I did at the beginning here today, you can make that be like a video that's on there or a quote or something like about a very specific area that people are dealing with. And like one tip that might help them things like that.

[839:42] Speaker 1: I think that a lot of people, like maybe social media wouldn't be as important to some people. But for me having a little bit emphasis on it because of my route might be beneficial. So that you would think that's worth my time. I

[843:36] Speaker 0: think it would be I do think the other thing to realize is a I don't think because what you're trying to sell is coaching, you don't need to invest as much time and making it look as curated as your target customer may look like. Right. So that's one thing as far as that goes, as you always want to when it comes to how much to do on social media, is it needs to align with the way that your target customer or client interacts. But it needs to be focused on what's going to be sustainable for you.

[852:41] Speaker 1: Well, that's also like the parking lot. For me in my room. Besides ads, my parking lot is social media. A lot of the time. So I think

[855:45] Speaker 0: your social media would be the entrance to the parking lot, maybe late so was like late here.

[857:52] Speaker 1: So what's the parking lot, them actually

[858:27] Speaker 0: becoming a lead and signing up for you like giving you their name, email address,

[859:48] Speaker 1: because my lead because in my mind, and this is what I've seen demonstrated, I've done this before as well. Because I'm building from scratch, I am building my what I'm doing everything's from scratch at this point in time. I'm pivoting and shifting everything. So my parking lot. Like a lot of times I see you know, a post or whatever it's like link in my bio, then you have like a couple of things on the tree, or whatever. And then freebie. Yeah, that's a way to do it. So having that way plus a website or whatever. So basically do both know,

[869:41] Speaker 0: though. So link tree, though, is a website. That's I think maybe one way to realize that it is a platform that you can add a Facebook pixel two or things like that. Well, because

[872:33] Speaker 1: I just wrote a freebie this morning. That's perfect, tired, and writing freebies based off this skill.

[874:13] Speaker 0: So that's great. And that's good. That's that's really how you should do it. So again, think of it this way a lead for you could be your direct messaging somebody and they respond back and you're now in a conversation. So you've now made a connection of some kind.

[878:41] Speaker 1: Yeah, people they talk to me on stories, because I'll stay there talking to you on stories. And that's okay, we're good. I get that. So, but yeah, and also want to emphasize sometimes taking a break and resting from things really is the way to go. I might not be a full example because I've been off for a year due to mice. Like that was what was right for me but taking a break and not putting so much emphasis because I didn't realize it. Imitating myself by those expectations.

[886:14] Speaker 0: That's true. Yep. And also maybe even like the front lobby of what you're doing, because you could even think of yours like it's like a spa or a tanning salon. Right. It'd be like the front lobby here. But then you got like, they're like the the actual that's what they pay to get back. They get paid to get to the backroom. Right? Right. It could be totally Yeah, right. Exactly.

[892:48] Speaker 1: Like it may be like a little mini like freebie and then maybe like a mini

[893:52] Speaker 0: actually, the hair salon example is really a good analogy. You know, because I just got like my hair cut this past week. And so I go to the front room right there. Um, but then like when I actually go into the booth, like I got a specific time. I can't just sit down over here at 10 Because I want to know my stylist and be like, are you crazy? He's from he's from. He's Greek. And he's got this accent if you'd like hello, hello. Welcome at

[901:23] Speaker 1: hairstylist with an axe.

[901:44] Speaker 0: And he's got like a big like white beard. But he's like super well put together. So he's the one that does my beard and stuff. But like I have to show up at 930 If you're five minutes late, you lose his slot because yeah, he pulls people in the lobby waiting to work with him because he's so professional

[905:39] Speaker 1: like in that in shifts someone that is confident in their skill set. And so yeah, that's actually really good reflection. And my people too. So like, freebie, my people need something Mini. They need it quick because nobody that

[908:55] Speaker 0: most of y'all need a mini freebie. As far as that goes. People get

[910:01] Speaker 1: impatient like they're like this people that especially in DVD ROM they just want Where the hell do I like what is it? Where do I get it? I don't care. I use it you just

[912:15] Speaker 0: how many y'all I think most everybody that's here has impatient clients

[913:20] Speaker 1: know exactly people that what's what's

[913:59] Speaker 0: created that you know, what's, you know, what's created that? It's these little devices in our hand right here. Because everybody's used to I like instant gratification, things like that. So you gotta you're like that. I'm like that we're

[918:22] Speaker 1: all like the start. Like I'm like, Okay, well, here's

[919:17] Speaker 0: the thing at the same time now, there's a difference between somebody who grabs a quick freebie. And somebody who does a trial haircut. And because they gotta pay for this, right? Yeah. So they got the quick freebie here. Maybe that's the beer in the lobby. If you're going to like wine, or cheese and crackers or something, you know. You throw like a little party that's sponsored by the place, but then you get somebody who tries out like a free hair coloring or hair cutter beard trim over here. Okay. That's basically your like, webinar, your five day challenge.

[930:12] Speaker 1: Yeah. And I think I want to start off slowly because at first I was like, I want one on one coaching. I want a mentorship i or a you know what, what we have here, like, you know, our membership, I wanted all those things. Now, I just want a free fee. And one thing I can offer that, like I don't want to this whole, like I had this whole huge vision. And I couldn't accomplish that one thing. That's simple. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So I think I want to tether to social media tethered that to my freebie. And then here we are

[939:12] Speaker 0: asking for so here's where there is a little bit of a. So again, your social media, the freebie, all of that what you're offering are all right here. And this would be again, your competitor right here, the better you offer this the last we'll go over here. That's not that you're taking away from them. But like you get what I mean, right? Now this nobody for everybody. However, you have people that live across the street from here, this is who's already organically following you they live across the street or they live down the street. Advertising is how do I get people to drive three hours to come here. Make sense? That's what advertising is. Advertising is how do I get somebody to fly across the country to come here to work with me. And now if you're doing that your prices have to go up because you can't handle the amount of capacity that we're trying to come through the front door.

[952:48] Speaker 1: Well, in order to do that. It's isn't it serving people and having those testimonies like people result right

[954:54] Speaker 0: when you're getting them a result. But more than that, though, testimonies only go so far, because I had a lot of testimonies, but I struggled to get anybody to actually come in. Yes, we will be taking some q&a here today. When do you need to go

[960:30] Speaker 0: And I think that this translates what I'm talking about with you with everybody's business that's here. Yeah, by the way, and I think that you guys need to realize that what gets people to come in the door, what gets them to drive across town, what we get somebody to fly all the way to New York City to get a slice of cake. Right? And can be that. Not that you're coaching his cake. But like, if we think about that, it's the way that they feel about it.

[969:00] Speaker 1: Well, you can only get that cake. In New York City, like you can only like you dream about that. Across the country,

[970:49] Speaker 0: it's related to a feeling that impacted a core part of their entire being. Like, it's more than just oh, I have some nice information for somebody. Know, this, this person is like, Okay, I have to find the time on Saturday to listen to this person before they even make an investment just to come to your freebie

[977:36] Speaker 1: that's gonna say for I was gonna say that's exactly what he's gonna say in the very beginning.

[978:46] Speaker 0: So like, what would get somebody to fly all the way across the country for a freebie.

[981:19] Speaker 0: I'll give a great example that maybe some can resonate with not everybody to free Super Bowl tickets, I'd figure out how to get there. Yes, right. I'd figured no matter what teams are playing. Yep. Because that's an experience that's once a once in a lifetime. And so you want the experience to be once in a lifetime and your offer, but the person has to know that it's once in a lifetime before they even get there. Now using an example. The Superbowl is kind of a bad example of this. Because everybody knows already because everybody knows about it. But what if nobody knows what you have to offer, and yet they're jumping in all about this? Well, that's what happened when the first iPad was launched. That's what happened when the iPhone was launched. Nobody knew how great this phone was, they had a touchscreen. But they knew how the presentation made them feel. And they knew that they had to get it. And they knew that and that's why the cell phone companies give free phones away.

[999:55] Speaker 1: I think I read the 18 T got the first contact with them. And everyone else said no, yeah, so they had exclusive rights to

[1001:54] Speaker 0: because they got paid on the on the customers, they didn't make back a profit till year two of the original three year contracts.

[1003:48] Speaker 1: But they're Apple now. So But and

[1004:47] Speaker 0: so all of that is is is a big part of you got to be thinking this way when it comes to your offer everybody that's here. And so you have to be able to deliver a two things. And then this is where we're gonna have to stop here today. Because I do want to take some q&a right now. And I want to maybe go along with this as far as that as far as that goes. And we're gonna continue this conversation based on the questions that come in. Number one, you got to get people a to make an investment of some kind. But if nobody knows who you are, you got to get people to at least check you out, look into what you have to offer. Try out what's going on. And especially if there's 100 Other cellphone companies that are out there, what's going to get somebody if there's 100 other coaches that are out there, what's going to get somebody to try yours out, when all of these are launching just as competitive of offers. And nobody knows who you are, and you have no testimonies, and the algorithm is changing. See, that's where you guys are at right now. That's literally the situation that we're all in it, it all comes down to being very, very specific about the words that you say in your message, copy, copy. And it's all about the headline, and the title portion, more than anything else, this very first part that they see when they find you that's above the fold, because most people are not ever going to read further down the page. But

[1032:32] Speaker 1: you can just parse of those parts of those headlines right and kind of simplify them or use chat, chat GPT to do a little Instagram post and

[1035:12] Speaker 0: that's exactly how we're advertising that offer for my mom right now to people that have never heard of her. So for Instagram is definitely one way to do that. Chat GPT can also write your ads copy. Oh thank God and you just Tell it to write the ads copy. So these are some ads that we're running right now we're just testing them out leads for $2.60. These are cold traffic leads right here that I've never heard of my mom before. And so let's see which which ad is converting? Well, I use that picture that I generated, make better decisions and find what AI stocks are worth your time. No reason to struggle, the AI revolution is just ramping up and you can get in now don't miss this. It's bigger than anything else. It's come grab this free guide today. So this is converting to generate qualified leads to download that ebook from my mom. Okay. And so what you got to figure out is whatever your freebie is to reach people. Here's another one right here. The clock is ticking on the AI revolution, you don't want to get left behind grab your free copy of investing in the future of AI during the forefront just like missing on Apple and Google in the early days missing out an AI can be the regret of the life of a lifetime. How many of you guys want to know how to invest in AI stocks now? Right, exactly. That's what

[1060:40] Speaker 1: does that what that picture is doing? Well, I was like, it's the picture for me. Well,

[1061:34] Speaker 0: that picture is actually doing pretty well. Yeah. Yeah. Here's a couple other ones I did. People in the 80s that are trading stocks,

[1063:39] Speaker 1: oh, my gosh, yes.

[1064:25] Speaker 0: Here's, here's a woman trading stocks at home in the 80s. And then I'm just using the photo of my mom. As far as that goes, I'm testing a few of these out, we got either like these like fantastical AI, images, sci fi images, things like that, because that's the thing people associated with sci fi. That's the That's because we're telling them we're investing in the future of AI? Well, there's a sci fi version of what the future might become with AI. You know, if robots are building our cities, and we have flying planes and things like that, so we're speaking to even that core element in the messaging and the sales copy and all that. And it's drawing people in as far as this goes. So this translates for every single person that's here your business in some way, shape, or form. All right.

[1078:07] Speaker 1: Thank you. That makes so much sense in my mind now. I appreciate it. Awesome.

[1079:17] Speaker 0: And so again, how to how do you actually develop that sales copy? I'm going to do just a quick five minute here, and then we're going to take questions. All right.

[1082:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wait five minutes, and then we're gonna take some questions. Let's set a timer. Timer, five minutes, countdown and go. Okay, so I got that right up there timer is set for

[1086:24] Speaker 0: five minutes. The way that you do this, is we have the chat GPT prompts document that you start with, as far as this goes, Okay, so like, here is my website, free chat GPT prompt download, you can find this, you can go grab it, it's a Google Doc that has chat GBT prompts that you can use to help you create your sales copy. And I use these as well, at the beginning of even our talk right here, I use it to generate the points that I wanted to share. As far as this goes. Now, one thing that I like to do is I'm going to take the transcript of what we talked about, and I'm going to see what from this list that we not covered. And that will probably be my content for the week that will also lead to what I'm going to teach in the group courses that's going to teach, that's going to lead to what I'm going to maybe make some posts on my social media, my podcast around so whatever I didn't cover ends up being that kind of leftover content for my social media. But I have things here, what are some like fears that people are dealing with? Info what is being taught things like that. So then we dial all this and we use these prompts. And we go through generating a sales letter, having the AI list out the pain points, the Epiphany, bridge, the outcome and results, and then write the sales letter, expand the pain points, create a headline, and create a title. And so then what you're going to do is you're going to go through here and you're going to figure out what is the main problem that your clients have that you're going to coach and mentor them on? And what is the solution and end result goal that they're looking for every single one of you if you think of a room of 100 of the people that you want to reach you couldn't download what Aetna? Um, yeah, you can press make a copy or you can copy that. Yeah, as far as the Google doc goes. Anyways, they have a problem that they're dealing with. Your market always has a problem of some kind. If they don't, then what are you coaching them for? Why are you here? Bring them. So you got to think about that selling is all about solving problems, you got to get really clear on the problems that people have. That's what's talked about in the book, The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy, is getting into the customer understanding what's going on beneath the surface with them. What keeps them up at night? What makes their eyes burn? What are they afraid of? What are they angry about? What are they frustrated about? What trends are happening, that are not working or that are going on in their life? What's not working? What do they secretly desire more than anything else that they're embarrassed to share with other people? Do they have specific bias or built in language or specific platforms or ways of engaging that's unique to them, that's where you show up to them to receive the content from you. But we still can use advertising to get them to go from an ad to then watching your stories, say, Hey, my name is Monica, I have a whole thing I want to help you with this. Here's how it's super simple. You don't have to sign up for anything, follow me on Instagram and watch my stories for the next week, it's gonna change your life. I literally that could be an offer that you could do. As far as that goes, that could be your your your lead magnet. And I know Facebook has a goal where you can do generating followers and stuff like that on Instagram as an add goal, if that's how they're using it, now, that might not convert to sales as well as you want. generating leads and growing your email list is still going to be the top thing you want to move them from your stories to your email list. Quickly. You want to get them onto the email list. And then the people who are on the email list, you want them engaging on your social media. So that becomes this cloud of new people engaging. And then they continue to engage. And now you got a lot of engagement from the people that you brought in with you. So you got engagement, you got content that builds trust, and then you can sell them on what your course or coaching program is. Do they have unique language or ways of talking? Who else is selling things that are similar to them? Now, that's a big one. You know, most people I asked it like nobody's selling anything similar, I guarantee you, you can find somebody that has at least the same target client, the same person they're selling to, you know, Mark, who's selling the coaches who's selling the parents could be Nike could be any of these companies that are out there. So you got to think of who's selling products or services already. The university is selling to these parents and coaches look at the university's way that they market to get students. That's gonna give you a very good look into how to market to the clientele. Some of the top universities that are out there, what marketing do they use? What dreams? Are they selling to a student? What dreams are they selling to the coaches? What dream is the coach selling? What would you sell to the fans? All that all about the dream Exactly. But the dream could be different. You know, Texas Tech versus UT. They use a few different sales copy than say, Colorado or Kentucky. They use different language and their TV commercials. They use different words in the newsletters that they send out in the way that they interact with their alumni. They lead in different categories academically. They have different cultures inside of their organizations, they have different cultures inside of their teams. And so understanding that has to do with what are their goals? What are they desire? What's their language? All right, we hit our five minutes here I went over it sorry. I was like on a tangent churches, even different churches all have different cultures, different ways of talking to people. All right, Adele, what is up, raise your hand if you want to ask a question.

[1191:21] Adele Best: I really short question. I hear you and other people talking about your message your message. When you say your message, do you mean obviously the message on our sales copy letter? But do you mean or is it like our brand story? Or do you mean just as the specific offer messaging that you then repurpose in like your media content? Or what do you mean message, your offer?

[1198:06] Speaker 0: Well, message and messaging are two different things. So your message is what you're actually selling. So what I'm talking about to you right now is my message I want to help coaches and mentors grasp what I've just been talking about for the last hour and 15 minutes. If more coaches and mentors grasped what I just shared in the last hour and a half, their their entire business would be transformed. Now your messaging has to do with what's out there to people who don't know who you are, they don't trust you yet. They've never bought anything from you, they don't know if you're legit, they doubt you even they have reasons to doubt you. And their mind, you know. The other thing too, is that's where I go into, you know, don't worry about the haters, and the doubters that don't want anything to do with you focus on the ones that really love you, and find those more of those ones. Find more of those people that really love to engage with you. Now, you're gonna find that I would say even in the personalities of people that you love hanging out with, you know, like the people that are here in this group, I think we'd all get along, hang out together, right? Maybe we'll host the retreat. And we get to do that at some point. You know, I think that would be fun. But like, it's your messaging has to do with who is the type of person that you're looking for? What are their dreams and their goals, and then you you reverse engineer that back into that you have a solution. And that's what you're selling as far as your coaching. So they come in the door to solve a problem. As far as that goes, have a nice, what's going on? And then I'm gonna look at some of the questions that are in the chat here, after Denise and then we'll do Oh, Sorry, gotta unmute.

[1228:25] Speaker 2: Okay, thanks. So in May, my husband and I are going to start a business, but it's a storefront business. So it's in a completely new thing, okay. I'm not going to stop my coaching. I'm going to continue my coaching. However, I'm going to follow my intuition. You know, I talk to you about my three product, my tiered, three tiered identity last year, and I've started it, and I want to continue to work with that. So basically, what I do is, every month I write an ebook, I sell that ebook, I give people three choices, they can either just buy the e book, or they can buy the ebook, and a series of videos or they can get the works. And they jump into a Facebook group. I don't lead the Facebook group, I don't want to be doing the weekly coaching anymore. So what I do is I do one zoom on week one, and then I have the group is sharing. And they do like a group facilitation. So I'm doing the group once a month, which is phenomenal. All around like, kinda like devotionals Bible devotionals. So what I'm thinking is like, I don't even want to have my free Facebook group anymore. Okay, what I want to do, this is where I'd like your coaching, I'd like to have something like a one time free event, and then just sell the digital products and they have three choices. So I know, I don't want to Facebook group anymore. I just want to keep people on my business page. I almost want my business page to be like a community group, but it's not with any membership the right way to do it. For sure. Okay, so question is, I have never used WebinarJam would you suggest something like that? Or because how am I going to like, get the people to watch my event? Yeah.

[1261:27] Speaker 0: webinar fuel is one if you want to automate it.

[1262:32] Speaker 2: Oh, I want to automate it because I'm only going to work to

[1263:35] Speaker 0: fully automated is going to be webinar fuel because it's got all the email addresses and all that in there. Okay, it has all the email automation built into it.

[1266:04] Speaker 2: Okay. Yeah. Do you have any trainings on that?

[1267:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have a lesson where I did break down using webinar fuel. Yeah, it's in the automated marketing secrets course. Okay, I'll look for zoom however, has a new feature as far as their higher level that also lets you use Zoom with pre recorded stuff in zoom, too. Okay, cool. I'm gonna check it out. That's really and that and you know, it's not super technical anymore. But yeah, automated marketing secrets and then I go over using webinar fuel ever webinars self seminar. Those are probably the three big ones that everybody uses webinar fuel,

[1276:37] Speaker 0: ever webinar, Stealth Seminar, and they all basically do the same thing or the other one is there's another one that's another webinar one after Do this call. But they basically do the same thing. But what I like about webinar fuel is that it has all the email automation in there, they have a lot of nice templates that work, they have a lot of free training in their program, because it was built by anthony morrison. As far as I can, so it's a good product webinar fuel for that. Um, now at the same time, I'll say that a you could think about maybe having somebody else interact in your Facebook group, maybe one of your best clients could be the one that interacts for you in a group. So just direct people, they just, they just are there to direct people back to the Facebook page and back to the live call, or to which training you have it's recorded. Got it. So they're not even there to coach. They're just there to direct traffic. Yeah,

[1292:49] Speaker 2: that's good. Okay, that'll be Jonathan, because she she answers. Awesome. Thanks so much.

[1294:28] Speaker 0: Cool. All right. Mel, Mark said, Did you touch on the AI generated sales copy providing motivation, inspiration, even for you to get your juices flow? I haven't touched on that a lot. That's why I need to touch on that more. As far as using the sales copy that's generated to come up with ideas for like what to teach or inspiration, but it is a big part of I so I, I get my juices flowing around what I'm going to market on my webinar on my front end what I'm going to sell to people by seeing how does it emotionally tap into the desires of somebody? So that's why I just I loop through all the prompting that's in chat JpT to really do that to understand what they're feeling. I just read. Yeah, Mindset by Carolyn Dweck, this week, it's really good all about fixed versus a growth mindset.

[1311:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a powerful one. If anybody wants me to touch on that a little bit I can to the lesson that I learned from that book. It's good. I could probably break it down in a few minutes. Brene Browns pod TED Talk literally is what led you to starting a business. Exactly. That's amazing.

[1318:27] Speaker 0: give people what they want, and then give people what they need. Yes, exactly. And then talk to them and what their inner voice is. How do you find the sweet spot between enough transparency and authenticity and your message to convert without going too hard accidentally bulldozing people with too much challenge or inspiration that it yields fight or flight? I wouldn't worry about that. Because it's not your job to manage people's emotional responses if they're tapping into fight or flight, but you could accidentally be doing that. And if so, you could just like I would only worry about that if somebody's saying something. As far as that goes, like somebody did tell me that mentioning that I went to jail 11 years ago, because I drank alcohol made them feel unsafe. And that they could never trust somebody who's ever been to jail before. A I think that's a great example of a fixed mindset, this idea that people never change in their opinion, because that was me, then I'm the same. I've just learned how to hide it better, I think is their probably their opinion. And so they're like, their thought process. That's the only thing I've come to the conclusion of why somebody would feel unsafe by me sharing that as they probably have an assumption that people that are like that are unsafe and when combined with a fixed mindset that somebody who has gotten in legal trouble will never change. So and that could be true in their life. They might have somebody or an experience as far as that goes. But like it's like I A I'm okay with being honest and upfront with people about that without being concerned with okay, this person is so triggered that now they're not gonna engage with me, that's fine. I would rather lose the sales conversion and have to give that person their money back in the first 30 days because they are completely like they've lost all trust to me. I'm not going to try to change that. So we got to let go of this idea that we can control other people's thoughts and feelings and emotions. Because then we ended up censoring ourselves way too much. Yeah, the heart in which something is spoken is definitely a big part of it, especially the fourth grade thing will explain what it means to cognitively fused with clients. I just learned that word that term yesterday, so I have no clue really how to explain it very well. But it is a bit of a psychology term. The idea is if we refer to Looking up? What is cognitive fusion? It is, it is a concept that cognitive fusion, what is kind of diffusion. It's a concept in psychology around Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, it refers to a process of being entangled in your thoughts. So they dominate your behavior in a way, that's often not helpful. When a person is experiencing cognitive diffusion, they likely take their thoughts very literally. So what people say about them, for me, I was taking it very literally, the thoughts that I was having, of my clients struggling to get clients and I actually started to find my behavior changed. Because I ended up literally my personality started fusing with the beliefs that I was trying to address with my clients. So I had to be very careful as to how to ground myself in that way, because my empathy is so strong in that. And so like, for instance, if I'm like, oh, a client feels like they're a failure, and I get off the phone with them. If I'm not careful. This happened on Saturday, or Friday, I felt like a failure for like five hours and couldn't figure out why. I just felt like the worst pit in my stomach feeling of failure. And then I realized, Oh, it was because I was dealing with that conversation with somebody else. In contrast, um, you know, we want to learn how to diffuse, observe without judgment. And again, I guess that I'm not an expert in this area, so I don't, but I have noticed my behavior in this way where I end up sort of taking on the feelings and emotion of who I'm working with or talking to. All right, Cassandra, what's going on Cassandra?

[1388:00] Speaker 0: I can't hear you. I'm sorry.

[1388:42] Cassandra McKissack: I've got it up loud. Oh, can you hear me better

[1389:36] Speaker 0: now? Okay, sir, to your phone.

[1390:06] Cassandra McKissack: Yeah, my mouth is right up to the mouthpiece. Hey,

[1390:51] Speaker 0: go. Now I hear you just fine. Okay. Greg writes,

[1391:41] Cassandra McKissack: I was just wondering, you mentioned something about link tree, can you use that instead of the landing page, or use it as

[1394:28] Speaker 0: a link tree has an ability for people to sign up with their email address, they might. But you got to have somewhere where people sign up with their name and email address somehow. And you want to be able to track that with the ads as far as that goes. So it might be a good idea to maybe find somebody who could set some of that up for you. What's your reason for not wanting to use a landing page and using link true?

[1400:53] Cassandra McKissack: No, no, I heard you say something to allay earlier about. And I thought you were saying it in conjunction? A landing page?

[1404:13] Speaker 0: Yeah, it can be used to send she was saying that she didn't need a website. Okay. Okay. So like a website is, you know, yeah, you don't necessarily need a front end website like this. You could have simple landing pages, and then use a link tree to send everybody to on your social media is kind of the main representation of you. So like Link tree, or that's LinkedIn link tree, gives you this cool page with your photo, and then it links to different social media and stuff. So that basically could replace your front end website, and then just go to the different offers that you have. I mean, actually, that's a really cool strategy that I may adopt, I'm gonna think about it. I'm gonna think about changing the whole front page of my website to something closer to a link tree. Are you serious? Because that's really if we think about what it is I linked to my blog from here. I can link to my podcast, who I am my social media and then the different offers that I have. So I could like link to this. So honestly, I mean, what's the difference? Monica between the link tree and this page or you're not much?

[1424:40] Cassandra McKissack: Okay. Okay, cool. Okay, listen, and I can send you a message to the group. I didn't know if you had a chance to see it or yet, but, or I can just teach you privately then. That'll be fine to you and hear

[1428:01] Speaker 0: you. Was it?

[1429:23] Cassandra McKissack: He were you are revealing it?

[1430:16] Speaker 0: Yeah, it was about 16 hours ago, right. I just replied to it. About six hours ago. Okay. Okay, I hear I gave you the link to the chat GPT right here. Did you send something else or was that it? That was it. That was it. Perfect. Oh, cool. Awesome. Yeah, so totally. You could use a link tree to many chat or a freebie as far as that goes. But then you could set up your funnel or your MailChimp or your recording or something like that. connected to a page where maybe they sign up on a webinar fuel. Yes, you do want to link. So here's the thing with webinar fuel, it's not a main email marketing software, it does have built in though a lot of the auto responders for the live webinar. And so it would replace a lot of the stuff we have to do in MailChimp, if you're doing automated webinars. But MailChimp, you would still want something to send, like email broadcasts to so like MailChimp or Aweber is still a really good one as far as that goes. Mary, Mary, how are you? Asked to unmute. Here we go.

[1451:22] Speaker 6: Am I there? Okay. Hello. Okay. So it's kind of I've been working on this, and I had some delays. But I finally ready, I have my book ready. And I have a free ebook available. And I have a challenge in mind. And I remember you saying a while back that you it's not really affected something to the fact that it's not effective to run ads to to book sales. But what I am planning has to have a corresponding course or mentorship that goes with it. So how would I utilize the free? How would I set this up or funnel it with all those parts?

[1462:55] Speaker 0: So as far as kind of setting saddling it up and battling it, if you have a paid book? Yeah, I think a little bit more clarity on that is you're not going to make the kind of profit, like six figure profits, just from book sales with like ads to book sales. You know, you might not even break even on the ads with the book sales, it's more of an exposure tool. But if you use like a simple page where they link to the book. And so this could be this could be like the social media right here. You got organic, you got ads right here, but it's still social media. Let's say that this links to a book for you to buy and it's on Amazon. I would have Amazon be right here. And then I would have some kind of a landing page that is able to grab the it's the attaches to the Facebook pixel so that you can retarget to them. Okay, other things and then you can retarget often this to either buy the book, to grab a free book, that's gonna be like a free ebook right here. This can be your challenge. This could be a podcast. So basically you mark it with the book is like a front end. Anybody who checks the book out, you then retarget all them with these things over here. And then that's this becomes that sort of ecosystem that builds trust with you. Okay,

[1487:41] Speaker 6: yep. That sounds good. And then I would use like the, the challenge for the course. Correct?

[1490:18] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, you could well, you can also tell people about the course at the end of the book. Okay. You tell them about the course really on all of the different stages of things as far as that goes. Okay. So these are sort of like to build trust with people before they buy the course. Your profit margins are made on either course sales, ticket sales, paid events. Could also be like donations, enrollment and things could be affiliate offers. Okay, your friend that has a course and they're willing to cut you a 50% check for sending your people to that it could also be that could be coaching could be but these are all connect with people on the social media front. Okay.

[1503:31] Speaker 6: Okay, as far as the online the recorded teachings, are there any that you recommend as far as they would help me with this would help you with what with like the

[1510:14] Speaker 6: I asked the whole thing I need to start like from the basics I do. I do have my Pixel setup and I have like guess sales, I think it's more of the sales aspect of it. Okay.

[1513:26] Speaker 0: So yeah, so a lot of it's broken down into either how do we sell to people? Yeah. What do you send in your emails? That is one way that we're doing with my mom like my mom told me and it's not profitable right now as much as we would like it to be but it will be soon. It's just a lot more work to do it this way is why you'll you can basically you can lose a lot of money but It's really great if you have money to lose like my mom does, is she's just doing a free ebook. And then she's selling them in the emails. So she's literally not doing any sort of webinars sales, but it's it's hands on, I can tell you, as I'm doing it with my mom, it's the hardest possible way to do it.

[1525:55] Speaker 6: I don't know if I want the hardest way. But

[1526:34] Speaker 0: I've had a lot of people tell me they're like, Okay, I'm gonna send them a free ebook as a freebie, and I'm just gonna email them I'm like, That's literally the hardest possible way you can work totally. But it's, it's a grind in the beginning. But if you have somebody that can like write your emails and do that for you, it can also be really profitable, because then you just have them do that, as far as that goes. So the idea is that you just you're making a connection with people, and then you're sending them to whatever that next step is to buy from you. So the sales pitch part is in, there's a course called successful webinars and challenges in the members area. Okay, there's also one called successful selling for people that struggle with selling,

[1538:57] Speaker 6: okay.

[1539:41] Speaker 0: And then a new one that I just put together, that's called about mastering individual sales. So it's all about like doing a one on one conversation, a sale, if you go one on one, and this book is really good, as far as just understanding sales. Yep. It's understanding how to move somebody from interested to buying from you. And that's a skill set that most people don't have at all. It's just not a natural skill set. In fact, a lot of like, what you got to do to sell in some way or another is condemned in normal society. So. So that's a big thing. It's why a lot of like what it takes to sell a lot, and you're like, well, that feels uncomfortable? Well, because you wouldn't, you wouldn't have a conversation like that with a friend. It's a business transactional thing? And how do we separate transactional from, you know, the heart of everything? Well, in business, that is what it is that we would, that's why we want to be careful to not turn our relationships transactionally. And that's where I find there's a mistake that some people make, where they, they make the transactional business relationship a bit too friendly, and too relational. And that's actually where people get hurt the most. Because you're sort of you're, you're really crossing the line of emotionally, it can damage people, especially because it is, you know, it is transactional, but they see it as just relational. And I and I've worked with, it's effective, it can make you a lot of money, but can also leave a lot of people hurt in the process. The reason why a lot of people don't get hurt by the other side, where you keep it transactional is because they know the expectations, you know, especially if you have a crossover of male female, it can lead to some interesting dynamics and I have a lot of female clients. I don't want to cross that line where it's transactional. And people then my clients start thinking that you know, these are I don't get into conversations, I wouldn't have liked that I would have emotionally with my wife with a with a female client. And I keep it group for that reason. So

[1579:31] Speaker 6: okay, so yeah, okay. Yeah, I will definitely check out those resources. I think that's part of my the weakest part is the sales part for me, but I will work on that. So yeah,

[1582:24] Speaker 0: awesome. Cool. All right. Why is my mom doing it that way? Because she does not want to do webinars and she is making so much money trading stocks, she makes way more trading stocks than she does on her coaching business itself. She uses the coaching business, they feed each other. But basically she's like, I know I can help people i She enjoys doing The Morning Call and she's already there anyways. But she does not want to do any sort of sales or marketing. And so her money basically goes to work for her and she says, she told me I want you to do all my sales and marketing for me, Jeremiah, and that's what I'm doing. So I'm doing every every aspect of it. She doesn't sell at all anymore. She reviews what goes out my mom. She edited the ebook. She edited the sales letter. She reviews the emails, she she almost she never has edits for the emails though, which is interesting. For the ebook, she had quite a few edits because it was the content, so she wanted to make sure that that was in alignment. But um, all right. Dorothy, what's up, Dorothy?

[1604:53] Speaker 3: Hello,

[1605:29] Dorothy: though. Yeah, done it. Hi, hi. Yes, so I'm just in the process of rebranding, because I was set up as yoga with dorothy.com. And I'm going into a much more sort of wider the yoga is central. But I'm bringing a lot more of the mindset in a lot more of the breathing techniques, meditation. So I've come up with a new name, which I think I'm running with this, which is the energy divine, limited, so I've just set that up. But along with that, I've got to set up my business email. And I had before of GoDaddy business email, which has just been, it's just been really tricky. You know, sometimes with customer service, it's really good. And sometimes it's really tricky. And I've always found with GoDaddy, for whatever reason, it's always been tricky. But I just want to draw that, with every bit of the puzzle, I put together that it's the strongest, simplest, really streamlined process to create, where it's rock solid. So I know that I'm stepping forward with this business. And it's gonna be, you know, a one with every aspect. And because I had this with the email before with info at yoga with dorothy.com, and I think that some people were it was, you know, more to many people, it was going into their spam, I think it was a problem. And all these little bits and bobs, you have to work out how to sort them out. And they become apparent as you go along. And, you know, it is very tricky. But anyway, I just want to make sure that I choose all the right software from the word, you know. So my question is, you know, what is your thoughts on? What business email company do I go with? And what's your Google? Google?

[1637:59] Speaker 0: Google? Yes, Google. There, there. And now that's the thing. That's your business email as far as sending emails, and it works inside of Gmail. Yeah. But then, as far as, like, email broadcasts, are the ones I've used have been AWeber or MailChimp, and those that work great.

[1643:24] Dorothy: Yeah. So. So in touch, do you use Google workspace as well? Do you find that's good? Yeah,

[1644:48] Speaker 0: Google workspace provides you with an email account as far as that goes, yep.

[1645:51] Dorothy: Okay, so sort of their packages is a good idea.

[1647:11] Speaker 0: Yeah, they make it a little bit tricky to sign up for them, I actually walked you through setting it up in the STEMI. Io. Course. I also did walk through it in the in the funnel building one as far as that goes, they make it a little bit hard to figure out their pricing, but I figured out a way to do it, is you have to actually go to their pricing. They automatically enroll everybody in a trial of their like, highest level. Yeah. But it's right here. $6 a month. Okay,

[1655:22] Dorothy: so is this just me or Google? This is Google

[1656:06] Speaker 0: right here? Yeah, okay, you can sign up right here. But then you can link that inside of sistema IO to uh, you link it inside of whatever your domain name company is like the like GoDaddy. Yeah, you have to link it to your domain that way. And then you have to set it up with the the SPF authentication. And they show you how to do all that Google automatically does it that way. And then MailChimp has a whole automated process where they authenticate it that way. So that's what's really nice is that MailChimp and Google make it very easy and simple to authenticate your domain name the right way. Okay, over here, setup domain authentication. They have the simplest process for doing that, depending on where you got your email from. So yeah,

[1667:43] Dorothy: so Google and MailChimp. So good idea, and then you sort of bring in what I use. So yeah, yeah. Okay, great. All right. Well, I think that's mainly the thing. I mean, obviously, there's a whole massive thing I'm doing visioning out the membership and how that's gonna go and you know what I'm going to offer and stuff but we could do that in the session. Who

[1673:02] Speaker 0: did you go through the membership secrets course?

[1674:24] Dorothy: I did. Yes. I need to enter that a couple of times. But I need to actually go through again, and really write some detailed notes on the running of it.

[1677:09] Speaker 0: Recurring membership profits, it's a course it's five lessons long. structuring a membership out hmm.

[1679:51] Dorothy: Yeah, is a brilliant course. Yeah, really?

[1680:38] Speaker 0: Yeah. So yeah, but it wants to know about doing like monthly subscription model. That's what this is all about. How do you set that up? How do you run one?

[1682:59] Dorothy: Yep. Yeah, excellent. Yes. Because I've got a lot of stuff to get my head round, but I think we can kind of look at the pricing and, you know, because it'll be bounce ideas about, you know, my idea. What the content isn't that thing. Yeah. Brilliant. Good. Okay. All right.

[1688:06] Speaker 0: Lance. What's up Lance? How are you?

[1690:29] Speaker 0: My man, Lance Williams.

[1690:56] Lance Williams: ere we go. Hey, Gemma. Couple of quick, easy club that suit

[1691:53] Speaker 0: photo. It's just like it just I mean, it speaks to authority for sure.

[1693:07] Lance Williams: Thank you, sir. Appreciate it. Simple question. Did you answer one of my questions that I had with MailChimp, so great. So you mentioned before, who you were using for the portal? I can't remember. I know it wasn't Kajabi.

[1698:03] Speaker 0: I think if ik think if it

[1698:39] Lance Williams: Okay, cool. Cool. Have you heard of more? Si? Si, o u r? S? I e?

[1701:12] Speaker 0: I have not. Okay.

[1701:48] Lance Williams: You're comparing themselves to Kajabi. And they were low. They weren't quite as expensive as Kajabi. So I want to hear your thoughts on c o u r s, i e, I believe. I

[1707:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: can't even get them to come up on Google very well. So I would be very careful. Signing up for oh, you know, I think this is somebody that has go high level as a white label. It looks like

[1711:55] Lance Williams: Yeah. Alright, so I think if it

[1712:33] Speaker 0: Okay, so yeah, I use Thinkific for the courses as far as that goes.

[1713:37] Lance Williams: Gotcha. Gotcha. Last question was I think if it okay.

[1715:47] Speaker 0: And that's what my members area is in. And then my front like pages, my landing pages, those are in Squarespace. But I am creating a course that's in the members area all about setting up systemic SEO, because you can use their free platform. I'll tell you, though, systemic is a technical beast to get working. I'm even struggling with it. Okay, I'll tell you been, it's a great value for the price if you can get it working. I love the simplicity of Squarespace, though. So.

[1725:40] Lance Williams: Okay, so what what's the difference between squares space and think if it

[1727:04] Speaker 0: then graphic is where the courses go. So like the actual course itself, the course material? Okay, like, here's the course funnel building made easy and systemic. And we have the lessons right here, that's in Thinkific. And then this is what manages people's access. So if they pay me, it automatically grants them access to the courses that are a part of the program. If they stop making payment, it removes access automatically. So it's a it's an it's a, it's a coaching, subscription, access management software. That gives you the back end where all the different courses live. Were a Squarespace is the front end pages that I have as far as the like my landing pages and these pages where people can register and sign up with their name and email address right here. Okay, that's these pages where they sign up uses Squarespace.

[1743:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because it's a little look, it looks a little bit better. It's I think it's laid out better. Thinkific though can set up landing pages like this, but they're not they don't, I don't like their landing page builder. I think it's a lot harder even in Squarespace. And they don't look as good. So harder doesn't look as good. That's two out of three for me.

[1749:53] Speaker 0: I would say sistema, you can make look slightly better than Squarespace. So that's nice. It has a lot more features than Squarespace that's nice. It's free for most people to begin with. But it's 1,000,000% more technical and harder to use. So that's why Squarespace and think if IK is the combo that I like and then MailChimp

[1757:01] Lance Williams: All right. All right. One last question. For otter at sea otter that's on here. Can we access the otter?

[1759:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't. I don't know. I think if you do You Yeah, I can I just have to go in and I have to like give you access if you request access. Usually I seem to click and do that. But I think it's been a couple of weeks since I did that for somebody I haven't been. But since I use it so often, I might as well just like you'll click it, get access to it, and

[1764:29] Lance Williams: that's fine. Notes are building up on the site.

[1765:27] Speaker 0: Yeah, so there you go. Okay, cool. I

[1766:29] Lance Williams: promise you this isn't the last question. As you did earlier with with the messaging. Could you explain like, the breakdown of a offer for me?

[1769:25] Speaker 0: The what the pardon? And offer explain an offer? Yes.

[1771:24] Speaker 0: Um, let me see. Let me see if I can you mind if I have a I helped me explain it.

[1776:15] Speaker 0: In the context of the above, and offer refers to these are the different components of an offer a package or proposition that's presented to people in business to potential customers and include maybe a product service or a combo bolt, designed to solve a specific problem or fulfill a need. The offer is the central element of the sales and marketing strategy as it entices the audience to engage with the business, often leading to a transaction so you can have a free offer. And then a your paid offer is what you make sales on. So the value proposition is the main benefit to what you're inviting them to and addresses a specific pain point and desire. And there's a promise of some transformation or improvement on the back end of it. It could be a physical product, a digital product and ebook, a course a service, coaching, consulting a membership site and event. And it could also have bonuses additional resources and support at some kind. The costs associated can range from one time payment to a subscription. It could also be free, it doesn't say that on here, but it could also be free, the price should reflect the perceived value and align with their willingness to pay. So lack of trust price is much lower, even if the value is super high. If somebody doesn't trust me, a $10,000 offer is still basically only worth about $10. To somebody who doesn't trust me. It's worth way over 10,000 to those that do. Such as one on one coaching clients find that access to just direct message me access to DM me access to a one on one calls with me is worth $14,000 People that have not bought the one on one coaching don't believe that. And that's okay. So my goal is to help people see that value further. Or it's not or they're not a good fit, could be timing, they don't have the money to do it. Timing could also be that that thing, totally fine. So then my goal is to help them at least get to the point where they either have the money or they believe it if it's they need the money or they need to make time whatever that thing is that they need to reach to get there. Your call to action. And the offer is where you invite them to take the next step. By now sign up join a challenge, download a free guide. And by the way, how am I coming up with this AI right here? This is all based off of transcripts and information based off of what I've been teaching here today. So it's actually it's exactly how I would teach it. The AI is responding with information exactly how I would say it. Scarcity and urgency. These are elements about the limited availability of an offer. Does that make sense? Lance? Does that add? Does that answer that is there another aspect to the offer that you'd like to know more about?

[1824:59] Lance Williams: Me there we go. This was helpful. This was very helpful. Cool. Yeah.

[1827:36] Speaker 0: To an offer. Yep. And so then you know, an offer a landing page is a tool that gets people to know about the offer. It's just it's a tool to kind of reach that. Here's the other components of the offer risk reversal. This could be money back guarantee. Could be double your money back if you don't like it, satisfaction guarantee. Social proof testimonies. By the way, social proof is way down the list. You don't need testimonies, but they're helpful. Exclusivity limited time. It's personalized. It's tailored around their specific needs or preferences. An offer could include upsells or cross sells it could have additional offers additional things to sell or higher levels to it. You can bundle it can have payment options. clear terms and conditions reaches a wide range of an audience. That's why, you know, we've been using transcriptions and stuff like that on a lot of our stuff. post purchase support, the brand is aligned, the offer aligns with our brand's values. You know, for instance, my offer doesn't include, you know, access to an only fans account of me, for instance, I don't have one. But for instance, like if that was part of my values, I actually could see that being something for some code. I know a coach right now, she sells coaching, but she also has an only fans account. And I was like, actually, that's interesting. Her brand values align with that, I guess. I don't know. Like, that's not my decision to make for anybody that's even in here. As far as that goes. I don't think anybody that's in here, maybe, I don't know, I don't want to judge anybody either. For the on that side of it, but. But if you think about it, a coaching program like this is like an only fans where instead of me, exposing myself physically, I'm exposing myself mentally to you. I'm exposing my thoughts, I'm giving you access to that boundary to me. So in that sense, it very much is like an only fans account. I hope nobody gets offended by me saying that, but it really is the access to be able to spend time with you right now is, in some ways, even emotionally connected to that on that level. I go deeper Emotionally, I would say on the sales process. I treated a bit more transactionally when it's over here in the coaching group. Because that helps me keep that boundary to where we don't go to like to do anything. That's not I just I've heard of too many coaches try to like, date their clients, and they're married. I'm like, my god, dude, what the heck? That's weird. No, thanks. But you know, yeah, my that's why my mom doesn't date her clients. But you know, it's weird. Limited Time offers creating offers that are available for a limited time to create urgency, this can encourage customers to act quickly. Anyways, Lance, so you still they're still here. Does that make sense on the offer side of things.

[1879:05] Lance Williams: So we shouldn't get a copy of it. Which you just

[1879:58] Speaker 0: Yeah, awesome. GPT. It's against the ethics as a professional coach. But again, I'm not certified and it's not illegal. So there are people that crossed that line often. So, thoughts on a digital whiteboard. I think those are cool. I think they have they have quadrupled in price. The one that Rick got for like 1000 bucks is like five grand now. Still pretty cool, though. But I like I like these right here. Digital whiteboards pretty cool, though. I definitely think it's kind of yucky. To date your clients though. I think that that can be considered possibly predatory. Especially. Yeah, it's just gross. But it happens so often happens in churches. Right? You don't I mean? Oh, here's Kevin. Kevin's Kevin's got has got his question. He's finally got it together. What's up, buddy?

[1896:06] Kevin Winebarger: How are you? What's up, man? How are you?

[1897:11] Speaker 0: I literally Oh, Jeremiah is picking on Kevin. No, I

[1898:24] Kevin Winebarger: Oh, no, I love it. I I'm, I'm a little bit like add. And so my wife is out of the house and I have been cleaning up the house and I'm gonna surprise her. It's gonna be amazing. And it's helped me pay attention to this. But yeah, I was just wondering, with with copy, I have, I have censored myself pretty hard. You know, just because there's so much stigma in marketing that, like, I don't have a lot of people that have come to me with like, weird experiences with others. And then you also have the Christian element where like, a lot of people doubt their content and spiritual language. And so I was just curious, like, with a copy that you've done to scale with people like Rick, how much how much virtual vocabulary Are you inserting in there? You're not worrying about that at all. And do you find that they are more sensitive to agitating copy and I was not getting around like the sand the ads you had understand these? They were the best performing. Those were incredible copy I thought and I'm not surprised by how they converted. I've been afraid to allow myself to put copy like that in my business. Because I don't want people to see that and be like, Oh, he's that guy, you know? Yeah,

[1918:23] Speaker 0: yeah. Okay, great question. I'm a yes the more agitating the copy the Worst comments you're gonna get from people, we got the worst comments from Rick, like ever. People just like completely hating on every aspect of him and most of our ads. But it also didn't convert unless we did that. So we became okay with the fact that it created a lot of haters. As far as that goes. There's some people there's a there's a, there's a marketer right now, who's a Christian marketer. And he's teaching the exact opposite of that. And I disagree with his stance on that. As far as like saying, like, you need to be really careful what people say about you. I don't want to say him by name, because I bet some people follow possibly follow him, but it's not it's not Rick, Rick. Rick was the one who told me he's like, I don't care what No, crackhead think of me. You know, like, are you gonna hear Rick saying that, you know, which is so funny. But like, yeah, he he would lovingly call them the Christian crackheads and say, just flush their opinions down the toilet, and that's where it belongs.

[1939:38] Speaker 8: Wow, okay. Oh,

[1940:24] Speaker 0: yeah. That was that was Rick stance, that's also Georgia and stance to. That's also my mom's stance. And it's my, that's my position, too. Took me a while to get there. But yeah, I don't I don't really care if somebody dislikes me any more on the ads? Um, okay. So a couple things. Yes, using spiritual language, you want to use the language of the people that you're trying to reach that are going to engage with you. And this goes back to the fact that there are going to be people who reject you, and people who love everything that you're doing. And you want to only really care about the ones that absolutely love and engage with you and not concern yourself with anybody else.

[1951:55] Kevin Winebarger: Okay, and so if

[1952:16] Speaker 0: they liked the more spiritual copy, use that if they don't, then don't use it. Okay, you'll find that the that there's gonna be more often than not some that are on one side or the other.

[1956:37] Kevin Winebarger: So what do you mean, one side or

[1957:22] Speaker 0: the other? Well, if somebody like completely doesn't want to engage with you, because you're using more spiritual copy?

[1959:14] Kevin Winebarger: Oh, yeah, yeah, I get what you're saying. Yeah, a lot of this stuff I've done is been more just like, try to be more positive. And but man, I just I filtered through my emails so hard, that I can't operate at a fast frequency. Because I'm, I'm filtering myself so hard. But like, for instance, the last email I sent out, I made over $20,000. So I know how to write emails that convert, however, that last email I sent was in June, and it was because I was raising my rates for the first time in three years. So obviously, there's a lot of self limiting stuff there. So I'm like, in either 3000, email email list, let's

[1970:25] Speaker 0: just what are you gonna answer this? What are you trying to avoid?

[1971:49] Kevin Winebarger: I am trying to avoid the referral train shutting down because of people. My reputation being assumed before the call, because the way that I've grown so far has been like 90% referrals. And so actually, the way I've grown has been hinging on people's perceived goodwill of me, which you don't have goodwill at all. It's a little. No, no, I do have goodwill. But it's not perceived as such, then it's done. It's sort of just like, what, regardless of if you're awesome if your reputation is, is polarizing, people can make assumptions before they're even at the table or on the call, you know, that's happened.

[1985:34] Speaker 0: I don't understand why you would care about that.

[1987:23] Kevin Winebarger: Because I have been on sales calls with people where people come to me and they do you know, when people get on a call, and like the first thing they're talking about is all the crappy experiences they've had in the past, which is a little bit like also crappy

[1990:53] Speaker 0: glasses with you. Based on

[1992:13] Kevin Winebarger: not Oh, no, no, not not often, but I, I would say out of 100, the average 100 promos, we do probably one to three of them, end up with people being disappointed with results, which I think is a pretty good batting average. And my customer service like I really care about people. But I guess I've just I've seen people get cancelled or

[1999:11] Speaker 0: like talking about your sales copy in your emails and we We shifted to a totally different conversation. Yeah,

[2000:58] Kevin Winebarger: well, I guess it's a copy just in almost everything I do. I'm filtering it pretty hard because I know that this community is pretty judgmental. Yeah, it's hard. But

[2006:11] Speaker 0: not somebody who's judgmental of you on that isn't gonna be somebody that like you, because you're gonna have way more people that are not going to be judgmental of you by not censoring yourself.

[2009:19] Kevin Winebarger: I think he believes anything a wider, because you're just hitting a bigger audience, you mean? Or, or as you're saying is you're gonna make it

[2011:37] Speaker 0: you're gonna make the right people. Um, so like, if somebody wants to cancel you, because your marketing language is off putting. But then how does that connect to the referral train stopping? Because 3% of people don't get results? That's where I'm not understanding. Are those owners? How are those connected results based?

[2017:29] Kevin Winebarger: It's not results based. It's vibe based. Like if people catch a vibe that they don't like, you know, people hired, not just based off of results, but know, like, trust. Yeah. And so like the stuff you're saying with Rick, like, um, I've had people that have told me Yeah, I don't think I would ever work with him. I like his content, but just like, he just comes across sort of abrasive sometimes, that kind of thing. Which, which, you know, why

[2024:32] Speaker 0: does that matter showing up and helping if somebody is coming out there, because that's the thing is people are going to say whatever they want about you, regardless of what's true, because it's their story about them of how they resonate with their judgement of you. Right, you can't control that. Uh huh. And that's the belief. Do you believe that you can control that?

[2032:15] Kevin Winebarger: I don't believe I can control it. But I do believe I can mitigate it.

[2033:22] Speaker 0: You can influence it. Why would you want to mitigate at all? That's what I'm asking is why? Because that's just there's way too much energy going over trying to mitigate that that could be spent over here and you would have 10x of the results you're wanting on Saturday? Yeah, trying to mitigate over here. Does that make sense? A lot

[2038:54] Kevin Winebarger: of a lot of my energy is spent towards on trying to uncomplicate the sale as much as possible, because I don't want people to get in their own way. But then the funny side effect of that is I'm getting in my own way of selling and impacting a lot more people because I'm trying to make make this situation as as widely palatable as possible for the sale, you know?

[2045:35] Speaker 0: Well, I'm trying to I'm trying to go back to kind of your original, your original question here. Do you find you can write as agitating copy when marketing so when you're talking about let's define what agitating copy means, in your opinion, because maybe, maybe I am defining it differently than then than you are?

[2051:24] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah, what I mean, specifically is copy that's pushing on pain points, or like,

[2052:53] Speaker 0: not getting the music curve is their experience. Not having listened to their songs is a hard experience

[2055:01] Kevin Winebarger: yet, let me share it. Like a what I would say pushing a pain point would be like, like, maybe maybe you did an ad that was a meme. And it was like, feeling stupid, because your songs didn't get heard. And then the guy on Drake is on the other side. He's like, songs just hit 100 hits your first 100k stream thing, you know, or something like that. You could use humor to capture that even that same kind of thing where you're just sort of like, you don't have to can't say

[2062:07] Speaker 0: devastated. People. You couldn't say devastated and instead of stupid, I think the tone that could probably I probably wouldn't use the word I try really hard.

[2065:13] Kevin Winebarger: I wouldn't use the word stupid. I'm just stressed. That's

[2065:47] Speaker 0: a great example. Yeah, verbally,

[2066:12] Kevin Winebarger: I think, yeah,

[2066:26] Speaker 0: I think that would be an example of something that you wouldn't do. As you wouldn't use stupid because yes, I think that would turn off some, you're repelling you. The key is repel the ones that would never buy from you and attract more of who would buy from you. So whatever that looks like as far as their language, you want to mirror that back to them?

[2072:43] Kevin Winebarger: Sure, yeah. Well,

[2073:03] Speaker 0: while also being authentic to you.

[2074:06] Kevin Winebarger: What's really interesting, too, is the thing that sticks my clients typically is that the thing that brings them in and so that's also confusing because the people that stick with me, it's because they've realized that if they can outsource their scaling and focus more on growing, then their product becomes more scalable and their communities

[2078:46] Speaker 0: they come in because they want you to do it for them.

[2079:51] Kevin Winebarger: They come In because there they are. They feel insecure. This is just the the vast majority, they feel insecure about their releases having 100 monthly listeners. And so actually, like a lot of the people coming in, are coming in from a result of anxiety, insecurity, things like that. And I know that they're coming in with that, and they're like, or they're like paranoid because it had a weird experience with a previous marketing, you know, person. And so I'm trying to come in with compassion from that. And I don't want to be like, you know, pushing against those pain points with coffee. And so I've just not really been showing up well. Yeah.

[2091:55] Speaker 0: I think there's a way to effectively push against those pain points with coffee that works. And that's where chat GBT is really fun. Because sometimes if there's a word that I know is going to, like, trigger a negative connotation. I asked how JpT are there 20 other words to describe this concept that has a similar emotion, but doesn't make me sound like a jerk to people? And I literally say that the chat GVT, right?

[2099:05] Kevin Winebarger: Sure. Well, that might actually be part of the solution is for me to get out of my own head, I just push it towards, you know, a copy analyzer, essentially,

[2101:34] Speaker 0: the parts that you think might repel the right people, put it in there, see if there's 20 alternatives to say the same thing.

[2103:51] Kevin Winebarger: Sure. That makes sense. Yeah, yeah, I'm a lot more optimistic about fixing this, and I was a few months ago, but it's still just one of those things. It's like a big bug in me, man, if I can break through that wall. I feel like I'm gonna scale so much. Yeah, totally.

[2107:19] Speaker 0: So, but at the same time, there might be a crossover of there might be something that you say, that's going to trigger certain people that may join you as a client. But you find that maybe they're more on the side where they're offended by you, but they're not really a good client. And so I would lean into being okay with trying to trigger that as soon as possible. So they decide to not work with you, instead of you going through the motions of that being something that you discover six months down the road, because now they're acting all yucky and manipulative with you, like, you talked about you experience before.

[2120:32] Kevin Winebarger: How do you? Like I've seen on the classic sales page, this offer is not for tire kickers, you've done it data, and this is for data. Is that how you do how you repel? Or oh, it's

[2124:16] Speaker 0: actually my number one, my number one repelling thing to say is this, I say two things. You can't let work being worried what people think about you. control you, you have to be okay with disappointing other people. Even if 100% of your clients don't get results, you have to become okay with the fact that you can't control others, you have to be okay with repelling the wrong prospects and attracting the right ones. And above all else, you need to make sales and marketing priority number one in your business before the actual delivery of the deliverables that you're giving to people. And if you can put all of that together, you can be successful. So I say that that's a statement that I say that has about six or seven really polarizing comments to them that I know that one of those is going to trigger people to unsubscribe from my email list and they are going to tell people that Jeremiah Krakowski is trash and I'm okay with that. And I've been called I've been labeled in the Christian space. The label that I kept getting repeatedly was Jeremiah as a wolf in sheep's clothing that plans on destroying the legacy and ruining all the work that God did in your organization's that was my reputation in the Christian space.

[2147:25] Kevin Winebarger: Which I'm sure it's frustrating,

[2147:45] Speaker 0: but he would become a client of me because of that for a while. And I had to become okay with the fact that people thought that about me even though it wasn't true. But I got better at expressing myself in explaining myself. There are still people to this day that think that but I have not worried or concerned myself about that and my business is doing way better than it was that I was barely crossing Sure. Four to 5k A month 10k A month. So not worrying about the fact that I am labeled as that. Now here's the cool part though. The clients I've resonated with have also been labeled as that Rick Pitino has been labeled as that Joshua Giles has been labeled as that And so it's funny as I actually attract with some people that have been labeled, quote unquote, black sheep in their organizations as far as that goes, that's also why people that really are terrified of being labeled that way, say that they feel unsafe listening to me.

[2164:53] Kevin Winebarger: Sure, well, part of the reason just to be transparent why I was attracted to this community is because I can tell you're, you're probably the fireball of organizations, and also the secret sauce and a bit rather, rub people's feathers the wrong way. Yeah, in my entire tenure as a worship pastor was exactly that. And so I've tried to smooth off all those edges as much as possible to avoid that, because I've had situations in herd mentality, like I had, for instance, someone about a year and a half ago, that was really rude to me. And I was, like, started yelling at me on the phone, it was really weird. And so I told him, I was like, Hey, man, I think you're gonna be best served, where do you want someone else. And all of a sudden, every single person you'd refer to me stopped hiring me immediately. And I know that in her herd community, you know, kind of culture, which I would say, the Christian community is, but a lot of other communities are. People move in, in herds. And so I'm trying to process the part of what exactly I'm trying to process right now is the goal is to have the

[2183:29] Speaker 0: Facebook ads so that you're not relying on referrals anymore.

[2185:02] Kevin Winebarger: Right? Yeah.

[2185:23] Speaker 0: So So you, you have way more control over not needing referrals, and you're able to actually find the right people that way. You don't need people to refer you, I don't get any referrals in my business. And you know, what's funny is in most business trainings, the sign that I don't get referrals is a sign that I'm a crappy business owner. That's what most coaches tell people in the business coaching space. It's actually generally because I am the secret weapon that a lot of people don't want to tell other people about is one thing, sure, that they're afraid that I'm going to rub them the wrong way. And people always associate well, who you spend the most amount of time around and who you're like, so they are afraid i 100%. I actually had a minister told me this, I am afraid of my friends thinking that I'm as messed up as you Jeremiah. I refuse to tell people about you. Because they will not talk to me if they realize how ridiculously messed up you are Jeremiah, and I told I actually have actually become accepting of that fact. And okay with it. And so like, that's why when I talk about breaking up with the people pleasing mindset and needing to please others, it's an addiction to need others approval that we need to break. It's an addiction, just like drugs and alcohol are.

[2207:02] Kevin Winebarger: And it's, how do you get a sale without someone's approval? Then?

[2208:28] Speaker 0: How do you get a sale without somebody's approval, not everybody is going to approve of you or like it, and even then, even if they buy from you, they don't know, that's why we offer a money back guarantee. So I am urging people as I work with them, but I'm not looking for the approval of everybody. That's what I'm saying. Right? There are people that totally love to work with me and connect with me. There are also people that don't approve of me. There are people who threatened me because of that. And I'm okay with that. And I become okay with that. And I have to be

[2218:24] Kevin Winebarger: Yep, that makes total sense. By the way, I'm working through this in therapy. Yeah, I'm working through at all. Yeah, I just I think I think I just had enough experiences. In you know, my previous tenure in churches where I'm, I feel safe enough to process the hypervigilance that I have in my head all the time. And I think a lot I think a lot of times my clients don't even pick up on it. And it's, it's mainly in my head. And what's also interesting is I actually think it's helped me make a lot of really wise decisions, but it's been motivated. Also, by hyper vigilance and scarcity and all these things. I'm just trying to clean the crud. So I can make wiser decisions at a higher frequency and not have that not having to have all my decisions through the filter of approval or hypercube.

[2232:21] Speaker 0: Are you pastoring a lot of these people a lot to when they sign up with you.

[2233:52] Kevin Winebarger: I'm not no, but a lot of people do talk to me. Almost as like a I'm almost like a music marketing counselor. That's sort of like the frequency I carry is definitely more of a you know, those, you know, those people that like will come up to you at a conference and then like dump all their info on you. Right that is the kind of energy that they like Harry, when I'm obviously here, it's a little different, because I'm just sort of letting my, my guard down. But um, yeah, but in a lot of places like that is the kind of, I just carry that kind of magnetic energy. And also a lot of people come to me to get answers that can't find online and get get perspective they can't find online. And those are the those are, I know, that's what differentiates me from the crowd. But, um, but yeah, just like, those are the kinds of things they're coming to me for. They're not, they're not necessarily looking for pastoring, or counseling, and I'm also not trying to overstep, but as you know, most, most of the time for them, the reason that they're not growing isn't because they didn't hire a promoter, it's because of other things that are holding them back. And so I am trying to hold space for that, get also not be on the phone, or email or texting so much all day that I don't have time to, like, grow what I'm doing and have a life outside of my nine to five, it's just trying to find a new, a new balance, you know, is the sleep deprived data to and and learn how to learn how to learn how to care at scale, I guess is the best way to put it, and also not be so focused on the fears in my head that are preventing me from caring for people and myself better, you know, yeah,

[2262:42] Speaker 0: we, that's where we just we can't be codependent to try to manage or control other people's beliefs, opinions, feelings or perceptions of us, we can do the best that we can to hold that space. But then you accept. So that's what it is, is I do my very best to do that. But there are going to be outliers, one to 5% of people that are just not and they're not okay with that. Right. So um, and so I think that that's, that's going to be that's where you want to kind of focus on of course, like have empathy. I think that's a superpower of yours, but don't step into codependency. Totally.

[2274:48] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah. That's good. I'll sit in that. All

[2276:00] Speaker 0: right, awesome. Abby, let me ask you a few questions on this. Question. You asked about technology people you hear buddy? Yeah. As their approach the same for selling a technology product? I think absolutely. It is just got to almost exactly what I shared with Kevin, I think would probably be the answer for you. Help me understand explain a little bit why it would be different. In your opinion, what do you think will be different?

[2284:02] Speaker 9: Technology people are generally direct is when I work in that industry. I work in the network marketing. So I see the both the both the sides. So technology people are, well, what are you going to teach me? What are you going to offer me as one and don't say anything else?

[2289:46] Speaker 0: Well, yeah, they get upset with you for saying everything else. Again, that's, that's a kind of a controlling, nasty person anyway, so I wouldn't really worry about them. If they get upset at that, again, you're going to be polarizing to some people, they're going to think it's weird that you're trying to sell something to them in the first place. Give them the facts and all that, but you need to still lead with and connect with what the emotional driver and the vision and stuff like that is, if you do it right, you're gonna have a lot of technology people laughing at you calling you name saying that you are don't like the worst possible person on the planet? Because that's how the tech space is. They're brutal. Yep. And yeah, but you know that. And so you're gonna have to really understand, like, the hate that Elon Musk gets, you're gonna you'll get that. If you're doing it, right, if you're doing it wrong, you won't.

[2304:05] Speaker 9: Right. It's 225. So I'm aware of that. But it was very quick. I thought offered a technical topic, which is about you might be aware of SSL and TLS. And there are very less number of people who would have the knowledge and would want to teach on

[2309:19] Speaker 0: it. TLS Transport Layer Security, right,

[2310:15] Speaker 9: like goes with SSL. Right. Okay.

[2311:39] Speaker 0: And so and what is it specifically around?

[2312:48] Speaker 9: It is the use you put in HTTPS. So So what is the secure communication that happens between the server and your browser? Okay, so then, yeah, how

[2315:16] Speaker 0: is this practical? Practically? What are you teaching them that they can't find on Google or YouTube?

[2317:12] Speaker 9: Oh, well, no, they cannot find the there is not a lot of information out there. Even if it is there, it is not very well explained. It's a very complex topic regarding the handshakes. and all that. Yeah, he found just by listening to a YouTube and therefore what

[2321:44] Speaker 0: are they look? What are they searching for though, and they come up to a dead end? That's really what you want to figure out? What are they searching for? Where they come up to a dead end? And they don't find an answer. Okay. What is

[2326:04] Speaker 9: not? I mean, I know that the information out there is pretty complex for them. So they want someone to handhold them. They want someone to explain what is what a handshake is about?

[2329:51] Speaker 0: Yeah. Yeah. So do you have a deep understanding of of TLS and SSL and the handshakes and all that?

[2332:00] Speaker 9: Yeah, and and also how to issue certificates. What are what are x 509 certificates? How you can have your own CA certificate authority. So you can I can design some labs around it, and it's a nice courseware for about maybe about a 20 hours, you wonderful training that can be done. I just don't know how to market there how to find clients Exactly. And will know and stuff like that, you

[2340:57] Speaker 0: first got to understand who's gonna want to learn that from you, who is the type of person let's say that you okay, not you, but somebody else is selling a training on handshakes, x 509, certificates, TLS, SSL doing all of that. And you had 100 of their customers in one room with you. I want you to understand, what drives what motivates them? What are their goals? What are their dreams? What are they wanting? What are they stuck on? What are they frustrated about? What are they searching for? What are they looking for? And then really figure out how you can find a room of those people for you.

[2352:17] Speaker 9: That I can, how do I find out?

[2353:03] Speaker 0: How do you find that out? Well, you told me that you had knowledge about that stuff. So it's probably somebody who's very similar to you. It's probably somebody who even has similar interest to you or people you've worked with before. And that's one of those things is, as you may not know that right now, but that's where, you know, getting to know a group of people and understanding that about them is, is definitely helpful.

[2360:09] Speaker 9: Also, the other attitude about technology, people that you may be aware of is someone who works in some UI space may also want to know about TLS for because they want to look good. And they want to look smart in their conversations with the Okay. So that's just, I can't believe that hooks into that. Yeah, you know, yeah,

[2366:33] Speaker 0: yeah, if you can tap into that need to look smart. Because that's one of the things for instance, it's opposite of even what I teach in this space, is I think, as coaches and mentors to sell, we have to stop trying to look smart to people to a degree to be effective at the sales part of it. Because we're not going to look smart to some people, you're going to be judged by some people to effectively sell, but you're going to be selling to people that want to look smart, so the ones who want to buy from you, you want them to feel like that as far as that goes. So there's a there's a balance of that, again, you're gonna look smart, and they're gonna feel like they look smart if they buy from you and they engage with you as far as that goes with your with what you're selling them. But for you, it is going to be polarizing. Not everybody's going to necessarily relate with it. You know, as far as that goes, just kind of kind of keep that in mind,

[2380:54] Speaker 9: too. Oh, how about the funnel with the funnel look any different? When are they creating an offer landing page with the funnel look different in this case for these technology people?

[2385:34] Speaker 0: Let's see what Chad JpT says. Okay.

[2388:10] Speaker 0: So yeah, so you could do some content marketing, some social media, but it looks like it says lead magnets, ebooks, white papers, webinars, send them a series of emails, case studies, maybe a demo of your training, see what that's like and the initial training initial consultant, you may need to hop on the phone with some people and you could sell it at a higher cost or level. I'm going to stop it. Answer questions, product webinars, comparison sheets, things like that. If we were to tell this to write a sales letter for the above, I don't know if this would you know, as the digital landscape involves the importance of robust security is important with Cyber Threats are on the rise it's essential that professionals understand how to get this working, why this knowledge is a must have so you can really figure out like what are the pain points that are going to drive them especially like the idea like you said, looking smart is a big one. And then we sort of break this down from here. The

[2405:19] Speaker 9: other pain point is to purchase the certificates you know, they're very costly. So people think about having their own certificate authority and to be able to issue certificates on their own.

[2408:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, perfect. So we can put that over here. Some pain points are that purchasing their own security certificates are costly, they want to make their own or they want to look smart to their clients, they could be a new a UX designer of some kind. So again, those would be kind of two things to keep in mind again,

[2416:58] Speaker 0: we took this and we kind of dive deeper into some of the pain points difficulty around complexity frustration, anxiety or certain consequences of data breach or security

[2420:22] Speaker 0: fear of falling behind on best practices preference of self taught knowledge so that's where I like to take this prompting and we bring this in here

[2424:57] Speaker 0: transform your career become an authority and an online security so that you're you know and you could market that to like designers so that your clients at peace of mind and you can raise your rates so yeah, if I have 40

[2428:47] Speaker 9: Yesterday I did some calculations so if I have 40 people I can I can I can make into 50k per month easily you know? Yeah.

[2431:25] Speaker 0: So again, this could be main problem is complex knowledge. It's really hard for years I grappled with so this is like the idea and their story that you're diving into to find kind of the emotional and what we're doing and this is where we're sort of even trying to figure out what's the the real emotional trigger as far as this goes so they don't want to feel inadequate to their clients that's a big one but they want to have credibility

[2441:13] Speaker 3: awesome

[2443:49] Speaker 9: this was something I was hands on you know

[2446:50] Speaker 9: the meeting crashed or something

[2453:37] Speaker 9: looks like the meeting crashed maybe he again use Chrome browser we use Chrome browser the meeting will crash and he will join back

[2459:48] Speaker 3: there is

[2461:44] Speaker 9: are you using Chrome I guess? No. My power went out. Oh, oh,

[2463:36] Speaker 0: it's our it's the Yeah, it's the in Texas here we have a freeze and so they were betting that the power was about to go out. So

[2466:16] Speaker 9: Wow. Mission you know, I can add a spiritual aspect to it. Whenever I want to do something right. There is always always always a distraction. And the stupid enemy doesn't understand that he just confirmed

[2469:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: that it happens. So anyways, that what we were talking about, though, is like you would you would just create an offer and you would figure it out. The whole goal is how do we connect with a person who is looking for what you offer seller can help them with?

[2475:20] Speaker 0: And then you figure out how do we gather as many of them as possible to where you're at, you're actually in communication with them. Whether it be a zoom call a DM a phone call on social media, you're able to comment with them and then that's where you're able to make some kind of a sales presentation to get them to buy what it is that you're offering. All right.

[2481:48] Speaker 9: Awesome. Yeah, that's, that's good. Yeah. Do do any other platforms like meetup and Eventbrite will will help you think.

[2484:22] Speaker 0: Wait, what platform?

[2484:42] Speaker 9: Eventbrite or meetup.com?

[2485:37] Speaker 0: Yeah, Eventbrite can definitely you could do that. Those are platforms that we have used. I find Eventbrite isn't the most intuitive for that kind of thing. So

[2488:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: we've struggled before. Hey, there, what's up? So yeah, okay, we've struggled before using Eventbrite or meet up for that type of a thing. But that's why using zoom or online or a pre recorded training, or a YouTube video even could be can be helpful as far as that goes.

[2495:03] Speaker 0: Anyways, if we put like if we put some of this in here, write a sales letter based on the the above for a free ebook.

[2499:59] Speaker 0: And maybe they're not a cybersecurity enthusiast. That's where you got to get specific. You know, if you've been trying to beginners journey into cybersecurity, you could do that. You could talk about anything. You're trying to reach the person and build trust with them that's going to engage with this. And that's where having the conversation, the language, the unique jargon and the words that you know that people that would be looking for this use. You got to make those connections with people. And that's where it improves over time is by making those connections.

[2508:32] Speaker 9: Right, that's cool. All right. I'm glad I asked you that question. Oh, yeah. Chad GBD conversation that you just created. Can you send me the link? i

[2511:46] Speaker 0: It's not a chat. It wasn't a chat. GBT conversation it was in it was in playground. So. Okay. And I just closed it. So go back through. And what I did was I copied I Googled what TLS is, what SSL is what 5x 509 is, I copy that in. And then I asked him, like, you know, what type of language would you use in selling coaching or training to somebody in this niche, and then I just use my prompting. And then we kind of broke that down based on the pain points. And then you start editing and adding it and getting it honed in deeper and deeper and deeper as far as that goes.

[2522:22] Speaker 9: Well, one quick question when you save this recording, where do you save it again? Because I haven't I haven't watched the recordings in a while.

[2524:32] Speaker 0: Yeah, it's over at the member site members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Right. Yeah.

[2526:08] Speaker 9: And which, which part of that, where do you save?

[2527:21] Speaker 0: Yes. The part of it that it's in is it's under you got to use these numbers on the bottom here and you find monthly training archive. Okay, cool. That's where it will be. It's got all these in here.

[2532:36] Speaker 9: Alrighty. Okay. Thank you very much. Awesome.

[2533:20] Speaker 0: Yeah. Thanks, everybody. And we'll talk soon

