CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-07-29T20:18:51.000Z
Duration: 100 min
Otter ID: OQ6nCYj60si6HMvL3rr8gBwVqPY
---

[0:46] Speaker 0: All right Hello hello hello welcome on into our our live training here today we're gonna go in the Facebook group here is live streaming over the restream

[9:44] Speaker 0: I'll let everybody on here right Hello hello hello welcome on into our live training I'm feeling good hope you're doing good everybody how's everybody doing today?

[16:14] Speaker 0: How's everybody doing on what's good how are you refreshed and ready to kick butt inspired gives a lot a lot of clarity in the last week last two weeks on a lot of stuff

[22:28] Speaker 1: is your had

[23:03] Speaker 0: a good date night with my wife on Saturday was like a date afternoon we went and saw twisters. It's a great movie. Highly recommended. When

[26:20] Adele Best: is she? When a CG when's baby number two coming?

[27:41] Speaker 0: October. So Oh, me see here. Okay, join us live of C live training. July 29. is here, no, there's that. And then this is connecting the restream we should be live in the group. I'm excited for today. I'm excited for what I'm gonna be sharing with you guys. Here I have a couple of notes here that I wrote down I went and scoured the the recordings, which, you know, I hadn't done in a while and it's something that I highly recommend. If you are doing training in coaching groups, it's something that you know, I was doing quite a bit earlier in the year and last year, and really, I think has a lot provides a lot of clarity as far as like what direction to take when we do our live trainings and things like that. So I have a list of notes here what I'm going to be doing are we live in the group? We are not okay, we should be now. Okay, great. Now it's live in the Facebook group. Awesome. So what I want to talk about is we you know, we've been talking about here in the group and if you've been going through the course the total online six figure roadmap in the members area that's in the Start Here section. We've been talking about the three stages of promote or sorry, find promote and close find promote and close. And so let some more people onto the call here

[60:15] Speaker 1: marker

[61:37] Speaker 0: had a marker. A Halston loves to come play in my office and he takes takes the markers and they end up like halfway across the room. I just had one.

[66:43] Speaker 3: No, there's one down.

[68:07] Speaker 0: This one work? Yes. Okay. So we've been talking about find,

[69:54] Speaker 3: promote.

[71:05] Speaker 0: And close. And I think again, the piece that sometimes we get stuck on is launching our offer, getting it out there, making sure that we are reaching the kind of people that we want to reach the part of the reason why is because we're not sure if it's going to actually work. And so how do we make sure as close as possible that something's going to work best? It all boils down to your messaging. And so for those people that have launched their offers, they've struggled and you found okay, I didn't get the lead leads that I wanted, I wasn't getting the kind of of cost that I wanted, that can lead some people to be afraid of launching their offer, because they want to make sure that they get a good cost, they get the right people in front of them and things are gonna work well, well, the problem with that is, is that you're not going to know if an offer is going to work. There's no science behind, knowing if an offer is going to work until you actually put it out there with people until you actually get real people in front of your offer. And see how do they respond? How do they engage? What kind of action do they take. And so that's the that's the definition behind it, of direct response marketing. Okay, so if you've never heard the term direct response marketing before, that's what we teach here in this program is direct response marketing. direct response marketing means that we put something out there, and we get an immediate response from people that tells us is this campaign and marketing well crafted, the difference is in traditional marketing, traditional marketing is you spend a lot more money, building awareness, you spend a lot more time building awareness, this can take years before you actually make a profit. And you need a billion dollar budget of investors to be able to do this. And so most people, when they think of marketing, they come to the table with this idea of traditional marketing. And unless you have a big budget like that, most people do not succeed, unless they apply direct response marketing strategies. And so that's why in this program, we teach almost exclusively direct response marketing strategies, because it's the only way that somebody without billions of dollars in investment or millions of dollars in investment, can even have a chance of being successful on the internet is with direct response marketing. And so it's separate from the traditional sense of trying to build up awareness and trying to get people to like, know who you are, and then you take a long time to introduce yourself and stuff like that. Your goal is you're a lot more direct, you're a lot more specific. You use direct language that requires people to give a yes or no response. Now, as coaches and mentors that can feel uncomfortable, that can be feel like it's not part of what we enjoy doing. It feels like it's separated from what we enjoy, which is getting to know somebody more spending time with them learning how to understand what are they going through, what are they dealing with, and diving deeper into that stage of it, no matter what niche you're in, if you are a coach, mentor trainer, you're selling a course, you're selling a coaching program, you're selling a membership, you have a school, you have a high ticket program, all of that. I would encourage you to not follow traditional marketing norms. And especially for coaches, I would encourage you to not follow the traditional methodology for education for educators, for coaches of how they get students and clients because they're, they're really a recipe to struggle and strive and barely make the kind of money that you want to make. And so that's why maybe I haven't made it clear enough. In this program, if any of the strategies that I talked about feel aggressive, or way too assertive, it's because they work for people that don't have multi million dollar budgets behind them. And so unless you have that multi million dollar budget, you have a lot of money to burn, and time to burn, you have to be more direct or more assertive if you even want a chance to be able to bring in the kind of money that you want to make. And so that boils down to your messaging, the words that you use that get people to show up and that get people to take action with you. Okay, so when we talk about messaging, it goes beyond just our sales, copy. Messaging can have to do with the tone of voice of how you communicate, it can have to do with what you say on your social media, it can have to do with what you say and your content. It has to do with what is in your emails. It has to do with what you say on your landing pages. And all of these are an ecosystem that take a person who has no idea who you are

[155:25] Speaker 0: and builds trust with them in a record setting amount of time, much faster than traditional marketing does. Okay. And so again, this is why most of the methodology Jeez, they like they don't feel normal. They don't feel like how we interact with most people. They don't feel like what we've been taught or mentored whether you've gone through a certification program and you've been in a corporate setting, or maybe you were certified as a coach, especially, I find that the ones that struggled the most with this are our traditional therapists. Because it's more aggressively trying to get a client, rather than just sitting back and letting people decide that they want to come to you as far as that goes. Now there's a give and take to it because we talk about attraction marketing. And that's where it is. So the idea is with correctly, structured direct response marketing, your messaging inspires people to give you one of three responses, yes or no or ignore you. Okay. So those are really the only three responses that you get from a direct response campaign. Yes, no, or ignore. And I treat ignore as a maybe, or if they ignore you forever, it really is just an unspoken No, is what that is. And they ignore you. But there's different levels of engagement. Let's let's talk about this in terms of how people engage on the on our platforms, if somebody ignores me, but they're opening all of my emails. They're watching all of my videos, but they're not giving me a response, but they keep watching my content. They keep clicking my ads, that's a maybe. And actually, I would say that that person is just a yes, that hasn't made their decision yet. As far as that goes, because they keep engaging. So really, there's only one of two responses that people can give, they can either do a no, which is like they never want to see you again, they never want to talk to you again. They see your ads, they click Hide the ad, they might even leave a nasty comment on your social media, those are all signs of a No. Or they show up on a training, they opt in, they sign up, they unsubscribe next week, they don't want to listen to you. Okay. So what I look for is to help encourage people faster in my messaging, to be able to make one of those two decisions, yes or no. And I put into it, what they need to make that decision so that I don't have to provide them with more information beyond just a simple Facebook ad and a landing page. Okay. So when we talk about our messaging, we can break down all of the technical sciences of how do we structure a landing page. Headline at the top, I mean, I made a video that I've been talking about this for like months, you got a headline at the top, you got your story section, you have what is being delivered, all of those are structures to the messaging. But if you do those, and you don't have the right words in there, and it doesn't tap into the right emotion and the right feeling, then you're not going to get people to do anything. You can have a headline, you can have a story section you can have what's deliberate and you get zero leads. And I'm going to give you a wonderful example of this. From a project that I was working on with Rick Pitino recently, we spent a large budget on some ads and the the amount of leads that came in were almost zero. Because the messaging was there, there was a form of messaging that I didn't have any hand in the messaging. It was a messaging that Rick wanted to put out there at one of the launch and it just it didn't get anybody to sign up. It was too generic. And that was the problem is it wasn't specific enough. Now when I meet a lot of coaches, a lot of mentors, one of the number one things that I hear from coaches and mentors is I want to cast a wide net, I want to find as many people as possible. And that can make sense as far as if you're doing top of funnel like awareness, social media campaigns, even YouTube content. But you have to get specific in the in the pieces of content that you're creating as far as what you're talking about. So one of the biggest mistakes that I see whenever I'm reviewing people's copy, whenever I look at their content, if I go to their social media, I look at their content, whenever I look at their YouTube content, whenever I look at their landing pages, is it's way too generic to try to reach a lot of people. here here's what generic looks like I help you feel more confident. Here's the generic looks like I help you close more sales. Here's the generic looks like I help you get more clients in your coaching business. And I've actually tested in my business running generic ads like that because I thought okay, well if specific is good. Casting a wider net is better. The problem is I get no leads or Have the leads that I do get, nobody shows up. That was I considered nobody showing up. Here's what that is, by the way, if you're too generic, you're gonna get competitors that are trying to funnel hack you. And they're not actually real leads. They're just trying to see your funnel. And so they're not committed people. Okay? So yes, you're welcome. And that's, that's the issue. So what does specific look like? Well, specific, I'll give you a perfect example, my own business. The following messaging does not work for my business, get more clients in your coaching business, make more sales, I can't get those to convert like anything, but you know what I can get a number, get more clients with Facebook ads, using AI, I can get that to convert all day. Because I got more specific with the tools that are used with the methodology with the framework with the modality, okay, if I run an ad, start your own business, not going to work as well. But if I'd like to start a business, selling digital courses, online, using Facebook ads, that's a little more generic than I like. But then if I'm like, find your niche for the exact course that you can create, that'll generate you six figures that works like wildfire, because it's a very specific piece of my system. So what I look for, as what are the pieces of my system, my system follows this format right here. And we find the people we promote to them, we close them, okay? Your your advertisements, your content, your landing pages needs to be specific as to what the process they're gonna go through is with you as to how it's going to be delivered as to what they are not necessarily struggling with. But how you're able to get them that result. Now, let me let me let me take a step back here, because it's like, I bet some of y'all might be listening to me right now. And you think that what I'm saying conflicts with what I've been teaching for the last six months, it doesn't. And there's this idea of holding two conflicting ideas in our mind at once. That Have you ever heard of this, we hold two conflicting ideas in our mind at once. And our intuition starts to find where the truth is. It's actually one of the number one things that if you're a leader, if you're a government leader, you have to be able to do for instance, this is why as we step up as a as leaders, we have to learn how to have multi dimensional thinking, where we think in multiple dimensions, it can be true at the same time that we don't want to talk all about what we deliver and tap in emotionally with the person, while at the same time have our messaging be specific enough towards what the modality is that we deliver. So those two don't conflict with each other at all. But it's that your messaging has to speak to where you're going to take somebody along the path that they're on. And that's why I have taught this. That's why we have to look at the journey that somebody goes through, if I look at a client in my business, I can break down their journey like this. Okay. Stage number one. Jen, generally, when somebody wants to thinks about becoming a client, I'll tell you this, the number one mound of people, they bought a course they had a coach, and either it was amazing, and they want to serve people really well, or it was really crappy. And they want to do much better than that person that screwed them over one of those two types of people. And generally, people experience kind of both. And that's really what kind of sets them on the journey to say, I want to do better, I want to be a better coach, I want to create something that's better than what's been out there. You know, when I first went to my first seminar, in personal development, and learned about this idea of training and coaching, that somebody could literally sit in a room, they would pay $500 to sit in a room to listen to a speaker, and their life would be changed at the end of that. And then that speaker could sell them 1000s of dollars of additional products after that.

[313:59] Speaker 0: I was like I gotta get involved in this somehow. Because a it's changing people's lives. Be there's a lot of money to be made here and see, I want to learn how to do it that person on stage has done I'll tell you this. It's interesting. When I went to my first seminar with somebody, I did not I'd never openly admitted that I wanted to learn how to do what they did, but I'll tell you I think subconsciously I did. I don't think I admitted it to myself until years later, because I didn't want to feel bad for for that. And it was really sad was at the person that I had first gone to a seminar, they actually tried to detract people from doing what they did, because they felt like it was threatening to them. As far as it goes, it's really, really a sad thing to think about. When I talk about, I look at the type of people that they reached, they would try to find people that they could easily control as far as that goes and stuff like that. But their direct response marketing was exceptional. I know my mom even helped write some of the sales copy, I helped with a lot of the marketing as far as this goes. But when I look at it, this stage right here, this is where my client starts, they've gone through a course, they've taken a training, maybe they saw somebody on YouTube, maybe they listen to somebody on a podcast, like, Oh, I could talk and change people's lives. I could get people to have problems in front of me and solve their problem. And generally, they might also be somebody who, they have friends who come to them asking to solve problems. I always had people coming to me asking me, how do you make videos that work online? That was like the number one thing everybody asked me for years? How do you make videos that work online? I still think that that's something that people want to know. For me, that's a how do I make video content that works so well online, and I've been doing it since I was like 12 years old making being in front of a camera. And so it's something that I had, like learned through the school of hard knocks, I was not comfortable in front of camera for years. But I had to learn as far as that goes to do that. And then I realized, okay, I can make money a by helping people who are better speakers than me, because I don't know how to speak, I can help them and I can shadow them and learn how to do the marketing. And that's exactly what my journey was as far as that goes. Okay, so But for most people, they they also are somewhere along that line of even where my journey was, they learn from somebody, they either listened to a podcast, they read a book, they maybe maybe they went to church, and they wanted to be a pastor, you know, I mean, like literally, like, I know, a lot of people that that's that was their segue into coaching was was was that even as far as that goes, they just they want to have an impact with ideas and big ideas. And they and they and they're also having people look up to them, leading people fame, fortune, those type of things as far as that goes, Okay. From here, though, most people go through a journey in my business of indecision, and they're not ready yet to do anything. And so if my messaging talks to these people, I'm not going to make any money. What I need to do is I need to talk to and speak to people who have already made some kind of a choice, or a decision that they are ready to do something with their life different than what they're doing already. That falls directly in alignment with the thing that I solve a problem for. You know, Carol, who's in our program here, she helps with the toilet training, there comes a point where parents are like, Okay, I gotta learn how to do this, you know, but there's a whole point in time. Where the parents not ready yet. They're in the land of indecision. You know, when somebody comes to Denise, they're struggling, maybe they have success, but they're struggling to make a plateau, but they're gonna keep trying something they're gonna keep trying this trying that try and this trend, right, Denise, do you meet a lot of people that have like, I tried this, I tried that I tried this, I tried that. I tried this, I tried that I tried to, and then they're finally like,

[381:00] Speaker 0: oh, oh. You can literally put a photo like this on your landing page.

[384:08] Speaker 0: Because that's where they're at. They're at that place where they feel like they're ready to pull their hair out. And like, that's some copy even right there. When we're writing copy. We speak directly to the moment in time where somebody is at, you know, I look back at my life. I met my wife in 2014 10 years ago, met her on Facebook. thought she was just the hardest thing I've ever seen. And And interestingly enough, you know, I It wasn't that I hadn't been going out on dates with other women. But I was like, Okay, this this one's a different one. She's She's different. Now, now I want to talk now I want to tell you about Jeremiah 20 years ago, I was terrified to talk to anybody who was female. That like that was my age. Like I could talk to like older women that were older than me are like that I didn't find attractive. Like, I found them attractive. And I was like, I just couldn't talk to anybody at all. And so they're so like, there was 10 years from the time when I met my wife and ask her out on a date, to where like I like. I guess it was like 15 years really, when I started noticing noticing girls, that would have been like when I was like 910 years old, maybe. And then, yeah, and then, about 16 years, 16 years, I did not know how to make that thing work. I had this desire, but I didn't know how to make it work. And I will tell you, like before I met my wife, I made it my mission to figure out just how to have a conversation with a woman that I found attractive. That's it. I was just like, and not be weird about it. And I read all the wrong books, like, like, I read The Game by Neil Strauss. And I got kicked out by all the pickup artists stuff. And I'm like, Ah, this is yucky. But I was like, there's a few pieces in there. I was like, this is interesting. Like one of them is like, just like not caring if they like you or not. And just being yourself. Like I was like, Okay, that would work. Interesting, you know. But like, I wasn't ready. And I actually even purchased a course, on how to meet somebody, at this time, right here. And so I was ready to make a change in my life, because I was tired of 16 years of just feeling like, I'm a great guy, and there's no woman that wants to hang out with me. And why is this? Okay, what am I doing wrong? Well, there's a lot I was doing wrong. And I was. There's a lot I was semi creepy. In my approach. Most of the time, I realized it wasn't very good. You know, looking back and like, oh, gosh, yeah, that guy, man, poor guy. So like with that, but I was never ready to hear that I had to change my approach until it till I had to make the decision, because the pain of not experiencing what I wanted, was greater than the pain of inaction. Or sorry, the pain of inaction was greater than not experiencing what I wanted. That's what it was. The pain of inaction was greater. So I had to do something, I had to make a decision. Okay. We don't have to tap into that, that pain, but we have to understand and empathize with that pain. And so that's where we get very specific. And we figure out where is that moment in time, and we bottle up that specific moment of where somebody is at on their journey. Okay. So if I'm talking about getting more clients with Facebook ads, that's somebody who has already probably started a coaching business, they've probably already created a course maybe they've even tried to market it, and they still have no clients. And then I say, hey, guess what? Maybe they've even tried Facebook ads and lost a lot of money. And I say, Look, I have a strategy right here with ads that you can do that works. Does it work for everybody? No. Because most people, and I'll tell you why it doesn't work for most people. They're not doing what I'm talking about right here. The reason why most ads don't work for most people that struggle with ads is they're not doing this. They're not specific enough. And they're trying to reach a lot too wide of a net of people with their messaging with their language with what they're talking about, because they don't want to either, oh, gosh, I think this one is silly. They don't want it they don't want. They don't want people to feel left out. I think that's just silly, like not run an ad with certain languages. You don't want people to feel left out. I think that's just, that's just like, that's, uh, I can't even resonate with that one. But I've heard that as a reason why they're like, I don't want a certain amount of my market to feel left out when there's an opportunity for them, well, they're not even gonna be paying attention to you anyways. So when we can figure out one or two things, where is the moment in time where somebody takes action? And they make a decision. And that if they found our information, and I could go off on how do we deliver that information? And how do we coach people well, and how do we make sure that they get a result? That's a whole other conversation. That's a completely different training. But if we can take whatever our whatever our offer is, whatever the outcome we deliver is, whatever that that that big idea that they're going to take away from it is and we can make it tangible and we can get very special Sit back and promise boldly make a bold, specific promise as to the fact that if somebody joins our program, or they join this free training with us, that their life is going to be changed, that they're going to experience what they want, they're going to, they're going to get more clients and their VA business, they're going to, they're going to heal the trauma that's held them back for years. And you get very specific about even what some of that trauma is. See, you know, I met some people, and I'm going to talk about this one on the trauma side of things. They said, Why don't want to put the trauma in the copy because I don't want I just don't want them to feel exposed, can I can I tell you something. That's not the right way to think about it, it really is. Because you're expecting them to read your mind for what you help them with at that stage. And what you're doing as a coach is you're creating a safe space for them to talk about that trauma. And so by Essence of you even offering what you do, by you talking about the thing, you are segmenting out people that are ready to talk about what they're dealing with, because not everybody's ready to talk about it. And so like I, I had a number of, I had some therapists, like, well, I don't want to create an offer around this issue, because it exposes people too much. Without me getting the right, like licensed information. And I don't again, I don't know if that's even a thing as far as that goes. But if your sales copy says, Hey, have you been you know, you've taken the hard knocks, you've struggled, no matter what you seem to try to do, I'm thinking about maybe for even like somebody who has dealt with like in the workplace, they don't feel confident to lean forward and share their opinions. Maybe every eye every time you share your opinion and get shot down. And you've decided to lean back. And now it's affecting your ability to earn the kind of money that you want to make. And maybe you know that you need to make a change, but you can't seem to because you're locked into a certain way of communicating and talking and thinking and you want to be able to be that confident person that's out there. But you don't want to be like Narcissus, Steven over here or so and so over here. And so what I'm just, that's that might not be the best sales copy right there as far as I'm saying. But like, you're getting more specific as to the story. And that's what the story section is, as to what they are experiencing, that's keeping them from being able to have the breakthrough that they want, and they desire. So if you're a coach, if you're somebody who provides this level of breakthrough,

[530:17] Speaker 0: you're not even doing the bare minimum of your job in marketing. And this is again, why direct response marketing is more assertive. Remember what I said at the beginning of this, it's more assertive. So yes, if you don't have that we can have the long intake forms will tell me about what you're dealing with, we have 15 sessions that we can do to finally find the idea of what's going on as far as that goes. But you're not going to make the kind of money that you want to make unless you have a lot of budget to put behind that. And you have investors and things like that. And so we have to do something different if we are coaches and mentors to try to get more clients. And that comes by being very, very specific as to talking about the things that maybe we reserved for what we only talk about on our on our training calls. That means that we bring to the forefront into our sales copy into our messaging into our emails, into our offers into our ads, the things that maybe we're like, Well, I don't know if they're that type of person yet. I don't know if they're ready to hear this yet. But you start talking about those things. What ends up happening is the right person. See, this is the little this is the magical piece about it that I haven't really talked about there's like, think of it like fairy dust and Tinkerbell and stuff like that. That's not really fairy dust and Tinkerbell, but the algorithm on social media kind of acts like it is a little bit right. And so if we think about it, is that when you get more specific in your messaging, the AI on the algorithms of social media, YouTube, Instagram, Facebook, they will read what your content is they transcribe anything that you haven't video, they read your landing page, and then it goes to work to try to find Based on its AI that it thinks, have that specific issue and problem, because the algorithm does know exactly what people are going through, exactly who's, who's dealing with what, and who, and stuff like that. And again, can we get a little creeped out by that we're like, oh, my gosh, it knows way too much about us. Sure. But you can also use it to your advantage to market and reach the people that you can help and pull people out of a place of negativity that they might be in while they're scrolling social media. And so the more specific you get with your messaging, with your offers, and then once they're on your email list, you get specific about where you're sending them not like, Oh, this is a great video, I think you'll like it. But rather, this is a video that's going to show you XYZ, step by step how to create, you know, the right landing page, what's the right structure to do this, that's going to get the most amount of sales for you. In your coaching business, it's a very specific, I just created a YouTube video the other day on that. And it's almost one of my most watched videos ever, because I got more specific, I find myself by the way, everything that I'm sharing with you right now, if I can look back in the last three years in my business, if I can look over at Rick pinos business because I don't have a lot of data from there, investing millions of dollars with him to run ads, I can look at my mom's business, I can look at George's business. Anytime that we struggle at any time. If I look back at all the clients we've had in the accelerator program and one on one clients. Anytime I look at where somebody struggles, they're not specific enough in their offer and their language, they're trying to reach way too many wide range of people. And it's and I find it, it comes because getting specific might feel uncomfortable. Getting specific might challenge you about what you are capable of. It might challenge you to take a risk to put yourself out there around something that maybe you have an opinion that you don't think people want. I'm gonna I'm gonna give you an example of this. I ran a test with an offer couple couple months back, or knows about a year ago. Anytime I run a Facebook ad for an offer around landing pages or funnels, they do terrible. But anytime I make YouTube videos on that content that does amazing. So what am I finding, okay, the YouTube content to find my right customer is going to talk more about funnels and landing pages and things like this. But if I'm running ads to the same group of people, I'm going to talk about how to run Facebook ads. So I'm going to use different modalities of messaging depending on how people are responding, as well. And that's where we have to have multi dimensional thinking. And if I post on Instagram, I'm going to share more on now not caring what other people think about you and spending time with my family as far as that goes. So that's one of the things we have to look at. And it can it can take you a little bit of time to know how does it separate out between each platform, I wouldn't worry about that in the beginning. That that's where like, what I found is listen to like the best marketers, they're different on each platform, their messaging is different on each platform, because they found the nuances of what each platform responds to. Like, I'm just now starting to find the nuances of what's different between YouTube and Facebook and Instagram and all of that. But I didn't need to know that to be able to grow my business to make the kind of money that we're making. If you can just figure out one specific idea that's bottled up as a moment in time on the customer's journey, where they make the decision. I need to work with a coach, I need to invest money to solve this problem. So it's a moment in time this is again, understanding your avatar this goes all the way back to finding your niche almost. So even though I'm talking about messaging, I'm really going back to finding your niche is the why some people need to pivot their niche just slightly to figure out okay, what's the more specific stage on the journey that somebody is at and then I'm going to create a lead magnet around that specific area. I'm going to create an offer around that specific person and the outcome that they're going to create. Here's another another another example that's my offer the client growth accelerator program. coaches and mentors that want to get more clients Okay, that's good as far as my offer goes, because the only people I'm selling to I've already pre qualified them as that's what they want. And then this program has a lot of different ways that I teach how to do that. So inside of my program, I have a A buffet of different modalities that I teach. But when I'm out there marketing to people, I'm coming through specific channels, people who want to run Facebook ads, people who want to start a coaching business, people who want to learn how to create webinars, people who want to create a, an offer that's really well, inside of my accelerator program, we cover all of that. But I'm going to just pick one of them when I'm creating an offer that I'm putting on YouTube, or I'm creating a video that's that's that I'm running an ad to I'm not trying to show people all of these things that I'm doing when I'm running an ad, because I'll get nobody to sign up. Okay. But I'm selling the system to people that's going to implement that very specific thing as far as that goes. Now, here's the thing. So as coaches and mentors, we want to provide people with the result. We want to bring transformation to their lives. You may feel like if I get too specific, I'm not going to bring people transformation because they need more than just that one piece. You know, I've heard that from a lot of people. That one of the biggest reasons why people like knock visit, there's a there's a there's a meme that goes around like people who teach Facebook ads like well, people need more than just Facebook ads. So why is everybody just marketing for Facebook ads, because it's effective to qualify people into the into the, into the system to come into the door, but it's not the whole system. It's just the one doorway that they're going to walk through. So like inside of my accelerator program, I might have a number of different doorways. But there might only be one specific doorway that I'm actually going to mark it through. And then that leads everybody into the different areas where I can find and figure out okay, where are they at? What stage are they at, on their journey? When I was doing marketing for college and university, I actually ran into a huge barrier with this right here. And, and we were being very successful, and then it actually offended a lot of the professors. Because they're like, Well, I teach on this and you're not running an ad for what my, my courses? Well, I teach on this, you're not running an ad for what my courses. And then all these professors, they wanted us to create these super generic ads and include all the things they do. And I'm like, No, we're going to figure out where somebody's at in the moment of their life when they make a decision to join this university. And we ran an ad with that and increase student enrollment by 30%. The sad part of the story is that one of the people who didn't like my idea became the director can my idea, not like got rid of it. And then they struggled to get students for a couple more years. Because they because he felt like it violated the decision making process of potential students to get that specific.

[688:53] Speaker 0: But they were at a place where they were struggling to get students and I said, Listen, you have to get specific, if you want to actually increase and like keep your doors open as far as this goes. And so yes, you may serve people at a wide range of different things. But trying to get people to hold all those ideas in their mind about you hope well, that's going to overwhelm them. And so that's why your offer, you want to start with just one little tiny fingernail piece of what your whole system is, but one that everybody wants and needs and comes in and as the most attractive for as far as that goes. So like Facebook ads, I have found that if I can show someone how to get more clients with Facebook ads using AI, that person is my most qualified prospect for the accelerator program for money spent on advertising over the last three years. That's why I am finishing up my funnel right here, I'm gonna show you my new my new funnel in the middle of why I'm actually creating it. And I'm gonna show you what this messaging looks like. And I'm gonna show you what the graphic looks like that we're editing. I'm going back to one of my older graphics, I decided we're going to edit it, I'm going to remove that it's a live training, I'm going to update the picture, change the colors. And I'm going to run an ad for getting more coaching clients with Facebook ads on demand virtual training for under $97 value. And then people are gonna log in, that's gonna be a 30 minute training that they can watch with me. And I'm going to pixel those people to then send them a webinar off of that. But this is going to be an initial training that I'm going to run an ad to. So they're my landing pages right here. Oops, let me login to Squarespace. So I'm showing you how this translates with ad copy. With an offer that I'm currently building right now that we're going to be launching, and I wrote, and it's interesting, I wrote, I was struggling to have clarity on my copy on this offer for almost a month. And I finally sat down and I realized exactly what it needed to be. Attention coaches, course creators, mentors and trainers, I want to make five to 25k a month, free, no pitch, pure value training, get super qualified leads and clients by creating a traffic magnet Facebook ads that drive a ton of sales and get paid clients on autopilot using AI. If you've never ran ads before, or couldn't make them work, this will work for you. And then I have a few other bullet points, I'm editing some of these, I have them in a document somewhere, it's on my other computer, but so we're dialing this in, it's a much shorter offer landing page, I'm gonna put the graphic here, I'm gonna edit a little bit of this. And then we're gonna launch that here this week. Okay, and so that's how I'm getting specific in the accelerator program, I teach a lot more than just Facebook ads, right. But that's an entry point. That's specific. To help people get started, I'm going to create another offer just like that, once I'm done with it, about start about creating their own online course from scratch using AI. And then I'm going to create a training on how you need to go beyond just courses, create something that's, that's a coaching program. So I'm literally going to train people into the idea that they need to create a coaching program from there, and then they need to create an offer. And so again, if you look at any of the offers that I've ever ran, if you look at any offer, that is out there that anybody's running, I want you to start to look at it from the perspective of what you see out there on Facebook ads right now, or on Instagram ads, anybody who's running an offer right now with an ad. It's very specific about something and by the way, check this out. You might judge the offer, let's say it's in your own niche, you might judge the offer, they're running as something that won't help people. I remember that for the longest time I used to judge my competitors ads, as that's not going to help somebody that's not going to help somebody. But then I realized that's the stage that the client is on where they're at on their journey, that they're looking for that thing that's promised in the app. And then if you go through their system, they're literally they're literally qualifying people at the right moment in time that they're at. So what you're literally able to do with your with your copy and your messaging is you're able to go into somebody's life, it sounds kind of crazy. When you think about it this way, you're literally able to look at the timeline of their life and say I want to find people that are right here in their life. And I want to put them in front of me so that I can talk to them about a very specific message that I know that people who are at that stage are looking for the solution that we off. Okay. And then the other thing is, is that you don't want to use broke language struggle language. Adele was one of the one of the first ones I think that brought this to my attention about six months ago, and it was like a big light bulb. It's been a shift, I think in the industry in the last year is one of those is that the struggle language? I think people have come they I think everybody is struggling. And so they want some hope, is what it is, I think that everybody is is is they know that they're struggling, we need to talk about the outcome that we're leading people to what is the desire that they have? What is that deepest desire that they have? If we're talking about the struggle, we're only going to mention it for the sake of telling somebody I know what you've been through. But we're not going to lead with the struggle. By the way, this is a pendulum that swings back and forth. If I look at I think it was COVID that probably swung this towards the struggle side of things for a while. Because everybody was leading with struggle language for about four years after COVID. Did you notice that? And now we've shifted people want hope. Prior to COVID, about four to five years before everybody was wanting hope as well. I remember my mom, I wrote some sales copy for her. And she literally told me it swings back and forth. It's a cyclical thing in culture, where people are either stuck. They're either focused on their deepest desires or they're focused on their pain more than anything else. And so four years ago, three years ago struggle to get to hope was the big thing we wanted to lead with now it's flipped. We want to lead with the hope But talk about the struggle we've come out of and that we can take people out of give it another four to six years, weirdly enough, people are probably gonna be back to leading with the struggle language. Again, it's a weird cycle, but I just and it's probably going to have something that again to do with AI and whatever weirdness is going to be happening in our world six years from now. That's another just crazy conversation. If you look at like socio economically across the timeline of 500 years, there are literally cycles that are that are calculated evil. And our entire my mom and I've talked about this, because she mentors on the stock market, our entire it's all basically driven by by the by publicly traded companies figure out what marketing messaging needs to be led with. And then world events happen based around what gets people to take action at different stages in history. It's once you like, realize that it really is like the matrix is going on. But what we can do is we can ride that wave, and we can figure out, okay, where are people at on that wave right now, where they're at on the wave is coming out of the winter. By the way, if you listen to Tony Robbins, he's been talking about this for six months, we're coming out of winter and into a spring and summer. Four years ago, Tony was talking about we're coming out of abundance and into a winter and you got to prepare for it. You can literally look at the messaging in marketing. And even politically, and even in companies like Apple Computer even use all of this subconsciously, in their imagery that they're using, you know, the last four years, there's been a lot of even like certain like dark imagery, and now we're moving into more colorful type of stuff as far as that goes, because people are looking for some kind of a hope to grab on to. Okay. And so all of that to say, the more specific you can get that and that's a that's a whole like, neuroscience, other conversation that I could just talk about for hours, when you can get specific about where somebody's at on their journey, and you talk about that in your sales copy. You're able to attract the right people to you through your organic content, through your YouTube through your paid content, to get the kind of clients that you want to make, but you got to figure out what those things are. And sometimes it takes some some trial and error. Now AI can be used in two stages, to figure out what they're at number one AI can help you brainstorm where somebody's at, by a lot of the chat GPT prompts that I've created are literally designed to find where that stage, that's somebody that is. That's why they're designed that way, because they actually pull out and generate language based around that where somebody that but you can also ask the AI, where somebody's out on their journey as far as that goes. Okay.

[849:43] Speaker 0: Let me try something, interestingly enough, that's a great, that's a great question that you had right there. Deborah, I'm gonna talk about one last thing, and I'm gonna take some questions, but I want to show you something really cool with AI, where I'm actually going to take the training that I just did right now. And we're going to ask AI how it would find somebody at that stage. I'm literally gonna give AI the last hour of what I've talked about, we're going to bring it right into there. And we're going to ask it, how do we identify this better? And I'm really curious to see what it has to share. Because I think I've taught it a little bit differently than I ever have before. So the other thing is, is this with artificial intelligence, the algorithms on Facebook, on YouTube, on advertisements and organic content, those when we talk about an algorithm, it's a it's AI, the algorithms on social media, our artificial intelligence software, that decide who sees what posts when, okay, so everybody's newsfeed looks different based on what the algorithm thinks that you want to see, based on how you interact with the platforms. Now, I'll tell you this, you can, you can completely hack the algorithm in two ways. Number one, I will pretend like I'm like I am one of my clients. So I will start engaging with content that I think my clients would engage with. And then it will literally start showing me ads for my competitors. That that I can start basing some of my offers off of that's one of my favorite market research strategies, as I'll go across all the platforms for about a week or two. And I'll start engaging with content that I know my clients potential clients would engage with. It might not be relevant to me, but I'm putting myself into the shoes of my potential client. So like, I'm pretending like I'm a woman who's struggling with dating, if that's what I'm marketing, to women that want to find a spot I'm going to pretend based on the content that I'm liking. And what's interesting is the algorithm will start to within about a, within even a couple of days, even a couple of hours sometimes. But really, if you do it over the course of a week, it will start showing you ads based on that. And you don't even need to create a whole new count to do this. You can literally just do it like temporarily by doing that. Now, why did they do this? Honestly, they might, they might stop doing that in the future. I'll tell you. The ability to do that, I think is a little bit of a bug in the system, because most people don't engage with content unless they're a marketer. But I do think the algorithms No, I think so I think Facebook and Instagram knows that people that are looking to create content do this. So it also that's kind of their way of helping us out a little bit because they know it's going to keep people on the platform. And so I gotta like put myself into the mindset and into the thought process of the person that I'm looking to reach. And then I start to see, okay, What content do they engage with? What, what ads are they engaging with, as far as this goes, I have a little algorithm going on my YouTube right now where it's a lot of the content that I think a lot of my clients are looking for, it's showing me a lot of videos right now on how to get organic engagement through Instagram. That's a lot of the stuff that's popping up on my my YouTube right now. And so, when we can do this, based on our messaging based on getting specific that, and here's another great way to figure this out, check this out, I want you to look at what you naturally engage with as far as content goes, what grabs your attention, whether it be on YouTube, whether it be on Facebook, whether it be on Instagram, how specific to your interests, whether it be your past, present, or future. There's a lot of the algorithm even can talk to your nostalgia, you know, a lot of my content is a lot of nostalgia ik content. It talks to me as like a 90s kid that grew up and enjoyed metal rock music. So a lot of the content that the algorithm shows me is like, and then like different, like parodies and different stuff, like, but I'm like, okay, that's not relevant at all to my clients. But I love that content, so much, does anything that is like, just reminds me of when I was a teenager. And now that's an interesting thing. If we think back to when we were teenagers, I bet a lot of our algorithm shows us stuff of when we were teenagers, or reminds us of that time, I was talking about that a while back where we want to use the language of our target customer when they were a teenager. Again, that's another another training for another time, when we can get specific about what's the outcome we can deliver, when we can get specific about where that person is on their journey. And we create an offer around one piece of what our whole big system is, that's going to draw people in better than trying to be super general. And then making a bold promise about an outcome that we can deliver making a bold promise about some solution that we can help them with that then that allows us to do a presentation, whether it be a webinar or a training video, a masterclass that then allows us to close a sale to get people to buy from us. And you know, you might even close those sales over the over the phone, if you want to, you know, maybe you get a lot of people to engage with a certain piece of content, you tell people to write you are DMU, and then you get them on the phone and you can close them on your program, I will tell you, if you're selling something that's more than $2,500, you will probably need to hop on the phone with somebody to close them. The ability to sell something more than $2,500 without a phone call is very low. And it's even it's it's a little bit harder to sell something that's even over $1,000 without a phone call. You don't need a phone call for about four or $500,000 products, people buy those all the time, even $2,000 They do 2500 I find is like the limit there. But once it's higher than that, like 510 15 grand people generally need a phone call of some kind, right? And so that's why your piece of content that you put out there might just be the way to qualify people so that by the time they get on the phone with you, they're a hot prospect. They're ready to buy they just got a few questions. As far as that goes, so you're not so you're not even selling to them on that call. There. Let's call the lay down clothes where you just they're like they're just ready to buy, they just lay down their credit card. Here's Here you go. Ready to buy from you. Okay. And so as far as that goes, that's going to be one of the one of the best things that you can do. The more specific you can get with that, the better the more specific you can get with how you communicate with how you talk with people. You Your offer to sell that to people to qualify the right people. All right. So I'm gonna just try this real quick, we're gonna take this and I want to take some questions here. For the second half of the hour, I'm gonna actually go into post because we're going to bring this in a couple of different AI algorithms. And I want to just show you really fun how I'm able to actually take because what Deborah asked me, Can you use AI to identify what stage somebody is at? I don't have the best answer to that question. But I think we can use AI to actually formulate the answer for us even better, based on what I just taught. So here's the fun part about it is we have over here in Otter AI. We have a real time recording transcript of the entire session right here. So I don't even have to wait for it to process we have an entire recording of everything that I'm talking about on camera right here. Okay. They pull up my chair here. While y'all are watching this, make sure to just raise your hand or post some questions in the chat. We'd love to take your questions but let's let's take this okay. So here's our screen. I'm going to copy this right here. We're gonna go into I'm gonna go into text editor. I'm gonna delete just the the extra portions of it. Oh, come on

[985:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know you didn't freeze up. I talked to my computer like that all the time. By the way. I I'm not very respectful with computers. So there's one thing that you will find or with AI hopefully the AI doesn't come after me for that one. All right. Why is that? It's not copying it. It's frustrating. Okay, we're gonna we're gonna stop the auto pilot

[996:40] Speaker 0: I should be able to just export it right here.

[998:01] Speaker 1: Yes

[999:57] Speaker 0: if I turn off the live note taking

[1002:42] Speaker 0: Oh, stop

[1006:55] Speaker 0: Okay, well, does anybody have any questions?

[1010:14] Speaker 0: Definitely has a question. What's up, Tiffany? Oh, hey, there. Okay, what's up?

[1011:41] Speaker 4: I don't really have a question. I just wanted to say thank you, because I have been implementing what you show us like with the prompts and stuff, I tend to retain that information. And so I have been using that with my journey with the ebook and all that stuff. And it works. It works. So I was like, your stuff works. I can I approve this message?

[1019:05] Speaker 0: It does work because it's been it's been working for businesses for years. So, all right below. If I wanted to identify, identify what stage someone is at on their life journey at the right moment in time for me to create an offer for my coaching program. Based on this, what would be the criteria that I would look for to be able to do this and is there a way to use AI? LLM is like chat GDT or Claude or Gemini, to be able to assist in this below is the training about the process needed? Can you give some tangible ideas or how to use AI to assist with this if someone is looking to market their coaching program using a lead magnet to get more clients, you are an expert in the information of above and below this prompt in all ways, and will answer based on this expertise

[1045:21] Speaker 0: This is Cloud 3.5 sonnet. Let's try this one. Ah here don't have access to the point

[1052:04] Speaker 0: I'm gonna copy that problem twice

[1054:24] Speaker 0: use AI to analyze potential customers so that social media posts behavioral pattern recognition. Historical data. Yeah. look alike audience modeling? It. Yeah. See, that's what I was wondering, I don't know if there's actually exists a full way of doing that. Is there? Is there a mode of questioning, you could ask me about what I know about my potential client that could find answers about their journey? What are the most common problems and challenges that are faced? So again, a lot of this is based on if you look at the prompts in our prompt document, it's a lot of this right here. Can you describe the emotional state? When they're just starting to look for a solution? What's missing specific events or experiences typically trigger that somebody to start seeking a solution? how knowledgeable? Are they about solutions you offer? That's actually a good one right there. And then if you can start to answer those, you could put them into the AI by answering those. Okay, so let's now watch this. Um, oops, I don't want to clear that context.

[1076:49] Speaker 3: That's gonna work. Maybe

[1077:13] Speaker 0: that will work. Um, what is the topic of? Hey, awesome, cool. Um, please fill in generic information based on the following.

[1082:19] Speaker 1: As an example,

[1083:20] Speaker 0: for my business base on the bay, so I'm going to have it just kind of fill in some information and then we're going to try to take this to another algorithm. Or try this out. So I'm saving some time by having it put this in here. Okay, great. So this could be common problems as motional state. Okay, so now if we take this over here

[1090:50] Speaker 0: tell me what you can about the right lead magnets to create for my target client, based on the following info and write some messaging ideas for sales copy for

[1096:14] Speaker 0: ebook and guide, How to attract high quality clients without overwhelm 10 steps to essentially Mark marketing winning strategy from overwhelmed to clarity How to Craft marketing messages that convert, it's actually pretty good. Struggling to get clients to give a proven strategy to attract high quality leads without feeling overwhelmed. Learn how to attract them without so yeah, so it's kind of based on a lot of those different those different pieces right there. See? Yeah, so we're bringing in this like, into AI. It's kind of like it's answering a lot of these different stages where somebody is at. And so based on your business, and you can answer a lot of those different questions. What what's the most common problem faced and the you can fill in the blanks of that, then the AI can kind of reverse engineer some of that into offer ideas for you.

[1111:28] Speaker 0: Me, bingo, add these questions that was actually pretty good when it outputted. So I'm pretty happy with that as far as an initial stage. Let me go put this further down here. It's below this section, rewrite the following. In the prompt document. I'm going to do this add it right here. So then you can kind of copy these questions from here and fill them in yourself. Fill in following questions to bring it to brainstorm an offer

[1126:27] Speaker 0: based on the following text, now, it'd be interesting if I, if I was if I was good at software development, which, you know, I would love to take some of these prompts and turn them into a, like a software that you guys can just type it into, and it would give you that out. But that's actually a lot more complicated than you think it would be. You. Alright, anyways, that's now in the Prop document right here, fill in the following questions to brainstorm an offer idea. So then you do this. This is the prompt right here. And you can kind of fill in those different questions based on and so it creates sort of like a little bit of a profile of where they're at on their journey. What external factors and you don't have to answer all of them identify patterns and the timeline that somebody has to look at that. Alright, Tiffany, do you still do you have a question? Tiffany? Raise your hand still raised before?

[1142:37] Speaker 4: No, I don't have a question. Just thank you. Oh, yeah, yeah.

[1143:36] Speaker 0: All right. Michelle, what's up, Michelle?

[1144:31] Speaker 1: I'm okay. Hello.

[1144:54] Michelle Plucinsky: So two questions. One outer pilot. How did you hook that to the training session today?

[1147:01] Speaker 0: That is with excuse me, I had to take a sip of mine. I have some of that. Carbonated or that element T. My mom sent me a case of it. Oh, very cool. That's

[1150:31] Speaker 1: good. Yeah, it is.

[1151:04] Speaker 0: Um, okay, let me see. That's just with otter AI.

[1152:35] Speaker 1: Right.

[1152:48] Michelle Plucinsky: I have that. So if I was doing a zoom call or something, is it like your computer's picking up your audio?

[1154:16] Speaker 0: No. So they join they join the meeting. Oh, good. Meeting and so um, I think you need the

[1158:29] Adele Best: link up to slow I think you could just log in it automatically starts connecting because I I had it logged in and it just connected to my

[1160:20] Speaker 0: I think I think it has like it says apps and then you you connect it to your zoom right here. Got it. So yeah, Zoom integration autopilot can still join meetings right there. That's based on what's on my calendar

[1164:24] Speaker 0: real time transcript I also have to sync my recordings so there you go.

[1166:26] Speaker 1: Then it's too late for our staff meetings I

[1167:25] Speaker 0: can do that and then I don't have to have someone take yes yeah, there's another one that was

[1169:41] Michelle Plucinsky: what adds to Slack too. Okay, it

[1170:16] Speaker 0: does connect to Slack yeah um What's the other one that people like

[1173:35] Speaker 0: like they all come up with their ads once you type it in so

[1175:50] Speaker 0: fathom this is the one that a lot of people a lot of people like fathom. So this one too a little different. I think it breaks down like takeaways and topics and stuff. I think the summaries a little bit better and found them so and they're free, they're free features might be a little bit better to than otter. I have not used fathom. I didn't check it out, though. I know. RIP, RIP pinos team prefers fathom, they test it out. Okay,

[1185:08] Michelle Plucinsky: my second question pro.com Is I just went to it. It's a compilation of chat GBT and everything. Yeah, so

[1187:13] Speaker 0: I would say pro.com is probably the best financial investment in AI today that you can find. Um, there's actually one it's a little bit cheaper called Chat LLM. From abacus AI, it's like it's 10 bucks a month. Basically 20 bucks a month is what POA is but it gives you a lot more than abacus does. But abacus AI is 10 bucks a month and it does. Almost like it still has it has clawed it has a llama Gemini GPT 440. So this one's 10 bucks a month. I think for most people, I would actually say probably this one might even be a better deal. abacus ai 10 bucks a month. Oh does almost the same thing has a few more features. As a lot has a lot more algorithms, there's just like they have like every AI algorithm on the planet you can use including like, image generation and stuff like that. To

[1203:31] Michelle Plucinsky: ask which one is best for image, like if I pop an image in there, I

[1204:28] Speaker 0: would say then use oppo. Okay, because it has, it has dolly three and it has stable the fusion XL. All those, um, you know, it's kind of a pretty good AI though right now. Metadata AI, they just released the new version, and it is almost as good. It's about as good as GPT four. So, it's a it's an anybody who has a Facebook account can use meta AI. So it's, it's, it's, it's, it's there now. I've been like comparing it. It's almost as good as it's about it's like the same as GPT for practically. I'm probably just, you know, in the open AI ecosystem so much but yeah, Zuckerberg has released a free AI that is as good as the paid ones now. So, Boy, these

[1217:59] Michelle Plucinsky: guys aren't a race to the finish.

[1219:07] Speaker 0: But yeah, so yeah, llama 3.1. And it's the it's the 405 billion instruct size right here is really, really good. So that's also in polo as well. So I'll use that. You can see I kind of I use Gemini GPT for kludge, 3.5 and Llama 3.1 So it's it's crazy. We got to use all these all these different tools, but it's like, you remember back where you online when like the internet first appeared or no? Yeah, yep. Remember you had to you had like, they have like a different browser that did everything like all these different browsers.

[1230:04] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, I remember dial up. Like, Netscape.

[1230:50] Speaker 0: Mozilla will now Mozilla Firefox, but you have that? Yeah, so that's kind of what that's what the world of AI is, like, because we have all these different things. You're gonna it's like, whoever's gonna rise to the top. It'll it'll it'll one of these days. Just, it's gonna be just two companies eventually. Yeah, that's what ends up happening. But I guess Elon Musk has the largest AI infrastructure on the planet right now. In Memphis, Tennessee. For training his AI and he says By December, he believes he'll have something better than anything else that's out there. So we'll see.

[1242:14] Speaker 1: Fast. Okay, thank

[1242:27] Michelle Plucinsky: you very much.

[1243:01] Speaker 0: All right. What's up Adele?

[1244:45] Adele Best: Oh, hey, hi. Yeah, this is really good training and very timely for me. Because with this idea coins where I'm testing stuff. Yeah, this whole copywriting things really been coming. Because obviously I have to write captions on I don't think my captions are very good. So I've really gone back to like learning going back to Everything I've been learning on copywriting. And just trying to apply what you said to my own life and what I'm trying to do. So I understand what you're in. So for my coaching, offer my visibility offer that I'm gonna run on Facebook, using ADS, I totally understand and looking at some other seven figure coaches on messaging, they talk about the need to be specific, because it shows authority, but not but not not leading with your modality because that puts you back in the realm of a therapist, but it's showing, it's showing that you understand in a very authoritative way exactly where they are. So I get that and I get the I get the need to be very specific. When you're trying to get a very specific type of coaching client, especially high ticket we want to attract people that can pay we don't want people that Yeah, so I get that.

[1263:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: But but you want to you want to get specific as far as like how they're going to work with you. Because if they're going to invest that much with you, they are going to want to know kind of yeah, they're gonna work. Yeah.

[1265:58] Adele Best: And it's almost like the shiny sort of the shiny syndrome. Like they want to see that you've got this thing that they haven't been able to find before. Yeah, yeah, I guess.

[1268:24] Speaker 0: But I would say the the cheaper your offer is, you can get away. You're almost capped as to how much you can sell it for. Yeah, totally. Eric, you are. So specific you get the more you can sell it for but also, you almost won't be able to sell high ticket stuff unless you get specific either. Yeah,

[1273:27] Adele Best: it's a different it's a different customer avatar. So the thing is with what I'm doing an IG it's a very low ticket. It's a 490 $7 offer. There's 50,000 other people out there selling that though, but yeah, yeah, there's so many people out there selling exactly the same thing. So and there's this, you know, I've heard people saying for this type of product for low ticket stuff where it's all up Like volume, you do not want a nice like, why would I want a nice dine and cut my market in half when this is a product that that really is well suited to a man or a woman? So why should I be targeting dying like stay at home moms because you're literally wiping out most of the market? Yeah,

[1284:45] Speaker 0: that's more just like based on their behavior. But so

[1285:49] Adele Best: far the messaging then so for my captions for my messaging for this type of product, should I be doing what you said, like highlighting a small part of what this course does, and start talking about?

[1289:21] Speaker 0: What it does, and like, who it can help and what situations they have that it can help with?

[1291:11] Adele Best: Yeah, what I've been trying to do when I'm writing my captions, and I've realized that, oh, my goodness, I need to get so much better at this. But I've been trying to like speak to that person that's like, done. So done being broke and ready to take action. So I'm trying not to speak to the being broke. But I'm trying to speak to the kind of the people that are like, ready to ready to do the thing. Yeah, but I do I need to get more specific as in, okay, you've started doing the thing, and you need help with branding? Or you've started doing the thing. And you need an all in one system? Or should I start to get more specific about, oh, you started to set up your business, but you're stuck on the systems, my product can help you is that? Is that high specific? We should be I should be more specific.

[1302:45] Speaker 0: I think getting more specific about, like, what are some of the systems that they've tried? And one of the ones that you can help them with, too?

[1304:40] Adele Best: Yeah, so this is a kind of like, all in one product where it's got all these different subsections. So in my caption, should I be like bringing a bit of value of like, what this course teaches on all those different subsections?

[1309:14] Speaker 0: No, even though your program is like an all in one, and it has all these different things that you help with, I'm trying to get all of that across in one post is, yeah, practical. So like in one post, you can't really talk about all this stuff. So you got to talk about one area that would be of interest to them. And then you find which of those areas really draws in the most people, you might not talk about everything, but you'll talk about one thing that's going to start drawing people in towards you. It's, it's not trying to be like a completionist with all of the stuff that you're that you do on your social media. That's I think one of the biggest mistakes that we can make is trying to like, present all of it, because it's all there. Yeah, instead of like figuring out okay, what's the what's the one that like, just really grabs people's attention the most?

[1323:33] Adele Best: Okay, and, and then I also have another product that's pretty much the same, but it's specifically targeting Christian entrepreneurs. But I don't want all my content to be for Christians, because again, I'm gonna cut my market i because there's people out there that aren't Christians, why should I? Why should I have what

[1328:00] Speaker 0: you're selling as a Christian entrepreneur program, I would probably be nice niche down to that this big just because it's going to benefit you in the long run to do that. The other thing too, though, when you niche down, like there's enough people when you niche down that there are out there, I don't fully agree with the like, Don't niche down because you're cutting your market in half, because there's so many people that fit a certain niche or category too. There's like, there's a ton. Yeah. Yeah. It's more like finding patterns within multiple niches, like you got stay at home moms, but there's also stay at home dads, there's also grandparents, there's also people that are, there's also so there's a lot of like, yeah, because

[1339:51] Adele Best: I mean, this is a product that in all reality, it could help anybody, anybody can do it, but they're

[1341:04] Speaker 0: at a specific stage in their life where they're wanting us. Yeah. So you're looking Yeah,

[1342:09] Adele Best: well, if they've got enough, sort of, they've woken up to the fact that they're never gonna, they're never gonna be wealthy if they just keep working a nine to five. So they've realized that if they have a passive income stream, they'll be I think it's Yeah, everybody wants that. That freedom, which is a universal want. So thank you. Yeah, it's interesting.

[1349:20] Speaker 0: There was a question I saw she logged off here. Let's see Monica Molina. Want to tag her in the group?

[1353:42] Speaker 0: I answered your question. And by the way, one thing. Monica, like if you are on a call like this, and you posted your question, I would encourage you to lean forward and ask them raise your hand. That way I know that you're on the call and I can take your question anybody who's on here if you're otherwise I'd probably won't. won't see it as far as that goes. So She's wondering, what is there a benefit to creating a free Facebook community to connect? What are the benefits of creating a free Facebook community? I'd love to have a free community where people interact, they post updates, do you recommend this instead of another type of freebie, or maybe I can do both things. Yeah, so the community just kind of goes alongside, maybe you having a webinar and things like that, it's just another it's kind of like an email list. And you can capture people's information with that, it's just another bucket that you're able to put people into, to engage with them. But it's not like the end all be all to everything. I know a lot of people sell this idea of like Facebook groups are this like, end all be all or even like, there's this whole idea going around, like having a school community is the end all be all, to your your business. It's just one way of interacting and engaging with people in the community, to where you're able to have that interaction, you're able to share with them pieces of content, you're able to ask questions, you're able to post the different questions. Now, Facebook Group is a great way to do that. And I've not taught a lot on like using groups in that way. Because we don't really use them the way that a lot of people do. That's why I don't market myself as like, I'm gonna teach you how to run a Facebook group that makes you money. Because I don't really do that. I use a Facebook group as like a secondary set of things. But there's a lot of benefits that you can use a Facebook group like posting polls in there to ask questions for your market research. You can use it to deliver your content. And you can upload files in there. So like, if you have a PDF, they can go download the PDF by logging into the Facebook group. So now you're getting them to like, take action to become more qualified. And then if you're using a lot of people use a Facebook group for this reason, they know who the people are that are most qualified. So then they can DM those people. They can add them as a friend. So this is where a lot of this a lot of people use Facebook group is like, oh, go download my training here, it's in the group, then they join the group, and then they send a DM right away. And the friend request and now there's a sales interaction going on, which then usually leads to a sales call as far as that goes. So that's how a lot of people use Facebook groups, I have not actually used them that way. Because I find that like if you it is a great way to do things. But I just found that I prefer doing webinars and doing with the content, having the content, sell the people as far as that goes. But yeah, like, whenever I would host a webinar and I would have I would put bonus trainings in a Facebook group, I would get 70 or 80 people into a Facebook group. And, um, I didn't really want to take the time to go message 70 or 80 people, but like, if I was just starting my business, I probably would DM all 70 of those people. I probably add them to my friends list, I would and I will probably mentioned that now in the content, add me or I'll add you something like that. So I know they have some rules now around DMing, where you have to add people as a friend, I think they just added that. And so it is because everybody was doing this strategy, where they were like in a Facebook group, and then DM or in the comments. And then they would DM there's ways of doing that, like with many chat and stuff like that. And that's all built into Facebook and stuff like that. And it's a little bit, that's one of the only ways that they do allow you to do it. So they do allow you to do that with like the many chat type automated stuff. But if you're just DMing people, I think they have to be a friend of yours. So some of those strategies too, are definitely on the way out in favor of a lot of stuff that we've been teaching in here. i That's why I find again, a lot of the stuff that I've taught in this program is just is because it's stuff that we've done for like 20 plus years. So it's stuff that's like not going to stop working. You know, because of a change on the algorithm or a change in the rules. You know, you can still run webinars, you can still run ads, you can still grow an email list, you can still mark it to people that way. But you may you may need to encourage people, if you want to do DMS like to either do it through a mini chat type system, or add you as a friend to be able to do that. So do you know if many chat if they allow you, Michelle to send those messages, even if they aren't a friend? I think it's through I think it's through Instagram and the Facebook page now, because a lot of people are also doing that through their Facebook profile. So that was a little different too, with the Facebook groups. So that's that's again, why I think they locked down a lot of the streaming into Facebook groups to where they have because again, it was just becoming this crazy. Like I mean, it was a great way to build a business I think for people that like didn't know how to run ads, didn't know how to do presentations. But I just I always knew that like that was going to fizzle out pretty quickly, once it hit maximum capacity because it's so close to spamming people. There's why. And so whereas the stuff that we teach you is like it's not spam at all. So Um, but yes, you can use a Facebook group in a way to like deliver content and stuff like that. I think it is a great piece to the puzzle for sure. For your marketing, both for growing your email list and delivering content like that. All right. Anybody else have any other any other questions here that are on right now?

[1446:15] Speaker 0: going once going twice, I will share something. Recently, I discovered that it was something interesting. And I asked AI about it. And it turns out apparently, like a lot of people go through this. So, you know, like, I've been like, I've gone through therapy for the last few years, and I've dealt with a lot of different trauma and things like that. While I've gotten to the point now, where like, I feel everything tremendously strong. And I'm not taking any like substances that like numb my feeling like CBD oil, I'm not drinking caffeine. And so I'm feeling everything very intensely. And I thought it was anxiety. And I was trying to figure out, okay, how can I call my like this, some of this down, and it wasn't calming down, and the more I would calm down, the more intense it would get. So I was like, wait a sec. Maybe I'm looking at this all wrong. And I realized that what I was feeling internally that I thought was anxiety was actually just my intuition and inner voice and I think Holy Spirit talking to me. And I was like trying to quiet this inner voice type of a thing. As far as that goes, because it was like too intense. And so now I've like leaned into it more if you notice a little bit of a difference in like my my tone or mood on today's training, that's the that's the shift that happened. This last week in me is that is realizing, Oh, that's not anxiety. I don't need to like, stop that. Like it's okay. And so now I have more discipline, like having fun with it, as far as that goes. So what I'm teaching on here, I'm leaning more into certain things that I'm feeling while I'm talking rather than trying to push it away. So anyways, that was that was extra at the end of this as because I couldn't feel anything for so long, because I was like trying to numb out so much. And then that's up and then the trauma would also push a lot of it down. So now it's like law, they're gone. So it's like now I can feeling everything so intensely.

[1482:47] Adele Best: So yeah, I can really relate to that as somebody that was in that frozen state after that relationship trauma, and I find that I've got a lot of emotions and just sitting with them and going, Okay, I'm feeling this and not trying to nominate with alcohol or anything. I think it's a good sign. I think it's a sign.

[1487:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: It came up strongly because I remember I mentioned y'all I started working with Rick Pitino again about a month and a half ago. Um, that was like two and a half years ago when I was in a completely different mindset. So it was bringing up stuff from like, all of that. And I'm like, Whoa, this is weird.

[1492:33] Speaker 0: So now I'm like, Okay, actually, this is great, because I know what's going on now. And so like, it was a little bit of a rough like month for me getting used to but now I feel like I'm like I'm in like a new driver's seat a little bit. So it's great. Yeah,

[1496:24] Adele Best: it's awesome. There is supposed to be some like cosmic shift in the medical physical world, like a lot of that stuff going on. And so that's kind of interesting, whether it's true or not enough people are saying that it's kind of like, okay, maybe there's stuff going on. But a lot of the prophets have said a lot of the prophets are saying they can send something really big is coming and not good. Yeah, they're all They're all on edge as well.

[1503:06] Speaker 0: I think it'll it'll all work out some way. So that's I like to have a hope for everything. That is one thing that I find Yeah. Having a hope for things to work out well. The you know, and then like okay, if it doesn't go how I wanted it to that's okay. One thing I was like looking at was just like

[1512:13] Speaker 0: there's so many I can't I can't pinpoint exactly what they are. But there's so many stories like in the Bible of people who like they were in like a dark season and then out of that came like the most brilliant side of things. Oh, yeah.

[1516:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, like I feel like that's what I've gone through in the last like month a little bit, which is awesome. Because getting I was just talking Yes, Gideon. Exactly. I was just talking about Gideon the other day with like three other people. cuz that's, that's, that's the one that keeps coming to mind and Joseph Yeah. And so the idea is, is like,

[1521:47] Speaker 0: what's interesting is is like my, my, like, dark time wasn't that bad this last month and a half. So it was definitely like a little bit. It was rough for me internally, but I don't think it like it if it like was it affected a lot of things negatively around me. So that's a huge growth because in the past, it's affected a lot in my world around me. And so now it's not, I should do a podcast on this next week should be should be the topic of my podcast. There we go. Awesome.

[1530:01] Adele Best: Yeah. Jeremiah, I had a bit of a chat to myself, like over the weekend, and I was like, you know, it's going to be coming up two years, we've been in Jeremiah's container and you haven't put an offer out and it's, I'm just disappointed in myself. And I've almost said to myself, Okay, I'm gonna say to myself that I'm leaving the container by September to make to force me to take advantage of being in this container, I have to take action. I'm kind of not happy with myself where I am, I'm so far behind. So I'm going to make a real effort and they

[1538:02] Speaker 0: are disappointed in ourselves. And we feel that we can look at that and say, Okay, I'll do something differently. Yeah, I'm really look at as just like, take your own business and your own life as seriously as you do like a job or how you would if it was somebody else's project you were working on yourself as as important as you would somebody else's thing.

[1543:39] Adele Best: Yeah, I put something in the group. Actually, it was a productivity thing of how to get more done in like a couple of weeks than six months. And it was basically like looking at your life. And it's, it's like wakening up that if you don't do something different, you're gonna get the end of your life and nothing's gonna change. And your corporate job will have sucked at all. It's just like wakening up that we've got a

[1549:27] Speaker 0: pretty good video. It's funny. I don't know why. That YouTuber it's I think it's because him and I a lot. We have a lot of similarities and like how we teach stuff. But he also like, slightly irritates me. But like, I think I think it's because we're so similar problem.

[1553:54] Adele Best: Yeah, I know what you mean. I was kind of a bit I was kind of very triggered by it to the point of

[1555:16] Speaker 0: a little. He's a little more. He's a little more frat boy than I am a little bit but yeah, like how I used to be like, 10 years ago. But that was a great video, you share it. That's why I left it in the group. I

[1559:16] Adele Best: thought Yeah, it's really.

[1559:48] Speaker 0: I thought it was pretty good. So

[1560:09] Adele Best: yeah, I really want to see an acceleration of my action taking in the next couple of weeks. That's

[1561:12] Speaker 0: that's huge. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. I appreciate that. That's awesome. Yes, I Yeah. I don't know if it's a, like a total shift in who I am. But it's like, it's almost like being able to like, know how to be in my own frame. My own body? Yeah,

[1569:21] Jinell Garcia: I don't think I don't think it's anything unauthentic it's definitely, I think it's more you than what what I've seen in a long time, to be honest. Awesome. Yeah, it's great. Very cool.

[1573:36] Speaker 0: It's what I'm not afraid of what any what anybody, like thinks about me, and I'm willing to show up without fear, is what it is. When I'm the most fearless is when I'm like this when I am how I am right now.

[1577:24] Adele Best: Yeah, it's like a, it's like a relaxed authority. It's, it's more authoritative, but in a more chilled way. It's quite subtle. It's good. Oh, yeah, keep doing that.

[1580:20] Speaker 0: Yeah. I'd say I can look back at my life. And like, I've had moments where like, I feel like I'm there. And I get pulled out of it, because something triggered me out of it. And I'm, I've been identifying like, what that is, and I think I figured out I was trying to avoid feeling for too often. And so the more I can feel and lean into that, the better it is because I'm not afraid to feel.

[1587:38] Adele Best: Deep, deeply. Yeah. So you're, you're like modeling for us. You know what it's like to run a grip container. So when we have our grip containers, we're going to be modeling you, Jeremiah, you're Yes. You're setting the standard for us. Yeah.

[1591:15] Speaker 0: All righty. Awesome. All right. Thank you for your encouragement questions. We're gonna log off here and I'll see you all for the live q&a here soon. I'm excited to get the this offer up and get a couple of these going. I probably made more progress on it in the last 24 hours than I have in the last like month. So that's a good sign for me because remember, I was getting offers cranked out like in 24 hours before when they were like the webinars. And now when I shift into a different way of doing things I like I tiptoe through it just like everybody else in the group does. I do the same thing you guys I'd like I spent like the last two months like, tiptoeing through my offer, but I'm trying, you know, but now I'm like, Okay, I got the clarity on what it is. And I can look at I was just overthinking it. I'm just gonna basically take what I was doing with my webinars. I'm just gonna shrink it. That's all it's gonna be. I'm not gonna overthink anything else. I'm just gonna turn that into one. All right. Have a great day.

[1605:53] Speaker 2: We'll see you. Thanks. Bye.

