CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-05-06T19:40:17.000Z
Duration: 130 min
Otter ID: Xw2nlbnELV9eMPg_4pq_QVv36mk
---

[0:53] Speaker 0: Oops see

[2:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: there we go test test mic to hear the microphone All right

[5:07] Speaker 1: go

[7:06] Speaker 0: CGA a group of

[10:32] Speaker 2: they're right about to restream

[15:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, hello. Hello, everybody. Welcome on in. Well come on in with us. I'm just going live in the group here let me pull up the right group. Edit Settings. This key save here today is our live training day right now. Go right here. Zoom. Zoom Zoom Zoom

[29:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's right. Should be going live in our accelerator group here. Send them data into the accelerator interwebs.

[36:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then up, there's the signal. Okay, great. live training. On zoom. Join us on Zoo. Here, we're going to copy that invite link. By the way, what I'm doing to go live in the Facebook group, I recorded this in a in a training here this week in the video editing course. So since they changed how you go live in Facebook groups, I got you covered as far as that goes in the latest course that we put together as far as that goes. So there we go. What's up, Michelle, how are you? Our podcast episode will be up next. Tuesday, we're going to be launching the podcast episodes on Tuesday, we got a brand new one coming out. Tomorrow brand new podcast episode. Back after my podcasting hiatus, we have a whole new podcast branding. To that I want to show you here real quick. If I can, if I can pull this up here. I just want to demonstrate what it looks like. Here is grow your life podcast beat writer's block as a content creator for good, that's gonna be the podcast episode that we're going to launch with. Just just me doing that one. And then most of the time, I also realized, when I'm teaching, I'm going to be standing up now I find that I flow a lot better when I'm doing teaching. When I'm standing versus sitting down. For some reason the brain cuts off like half of its power when I'm sitting for some reason. And so and I used to do this a while back where I would I would stand up and do that. But it became a hassle for me, because I didn't have a nice setup. Now I got such a great setup here, I might add a few things that fill in some of that space right there. There. So there's a little bit in the backdrop there. But I feel like the standing up is nice. As far as it goes. The only issue is, is that the microphone is a little little further further away from me. So it doesn't sound as clear as if I'm like right here in the mic. But I might figure out the mic thing. Sooner rather than later. If I tip the camera like right there. It's decent. And you can kind of hear me and then I can go back here and do that as far as that goes. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of lavalier microphones or clip mics at all. So I just want something where I can press go takes zero effort on my part and that's one of the things that again, you You're gonna find me all the time doing quote unquote, that I would encourage, I choose to do what might not be best practice, because it's easier, takes less time, and I can't forget about it or might not mess it up. Because if I can just roll out of bed and show up, I'm going to be a lot more effective as far as that goes. And I can guarantee you, it's not going to affect my bottom line, one dime, as far as that goes, okay. And that's what I want to talk about here today is what really does affect your bottom line, and what does matter to really kind of curate, and put together and make sure that you get right as far as all of that stuff goes. And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna hide. Michelle, here, we're gonna take some questions. At the end of the training, I'll probably go for about 45 minutes to an hour, and then we'll take some some questions for about 30 to 60 minutes after that, okay. So as far as this goes, something that's been on my mind has been this idea of authenticity, and the fact that we have all been misled about authenticity in business, when it comes to the coaching business for years. And I think that this has been a big factor that has affected maybe people that are in this group, listen, being authentic is important. You got to be yourself, you got to be real, but you also need to create the most effective persona that produces sales for you. Okay. And for some people, if you're like me that those selling two opposite ideas, and almost impossible to figure out how they work together, right, on one end of the spectrum, we have authenticity. Right here, okay. On the other end of the spectrum, we have designed, curated persona, all right. How do we merge the balance between these two? And how do you realize that they are not actually in opposition with each other at all, if we were to line these up here, let's say that this is like a dividing line across the coaching and mentoring industry. Like, you know, we have the whole the army of fully authentic yourself out there, do whatever feels best, do whatever feels like you, and is you fully at all times. And then on the other side, we have the perfectionism way too worried what everybody thinks about us. We're curating our feed, we're curating our grid, we're making sure that everything is is perfectly put together, we're making sure that nothing appears out of the ordinary that we're not perceived a certain way, I'll tell you this, that is a recipe for mental illness, and will not make you money. Right. Perfectionism will not make you money, the desire for excellence and doing everything perfect, so that you look, quote unquote, good enough to everybody so that they like you not going to make your done. They won't. Unless you merge it with authenticity. Okay, by the same token, but by the same token, being fully authentic, often maybe possibly oversharing to a fault. Somebody who is just like, well just take it or leave it, this is how I am, you know, like me or hate me, this is who I am. This is how I show up whether you agree with it or not. You know, f the man f everybody. He doesn't like it. This works better. It's actually more effective. Right. But it's limited without combining some of the designed and curated persona elements into it. And so what I want to implore you in is that we want to bring the two together. We want to bring fully out their authentic self authenticity. This is me Take it or leave it. I don't care if anybody hates me or not what the haters say. Let them hate. Let them dislike me, let them demonize me if they need to, if that helps them sleep Tonight, I'm being perfectly honest with you, when you actually make an impact when you actually are aligned with what you're meant to do, you're going to have people that are going to just to make themselves feel better need to demonize you in order for themselves to feel that their identity isn't threatened. Okay? But you got to do this in a way. That is what we call, it's attractive. It's enticing. It draws people in. And Russell Brunson calls it the attractive character. If you've ever heard Russell Brunson talk about that. The attractive character concept. By the way, when I say the word attractive character. I used to think that that only had to do with how you look on the external. And so then I look at myself in the mirror. And according to society being being overweight, male, in my 30s. Married with a son, not very attractive to most people, on the external, in fact, I would get bombarded constantly with people's offers telling me that I need to, quote unquote, get my life in order. Because clearly, clearly, I don't know anything about how to be a good person, by how I look and appear to people, okay. And so that's where my authenticity comes from. I really honestly, like, if that is the persona that people see, and they want to, then they want to label me as out totally fine with that. However, what I wasn't leaning into as much. And I've started to, and I was really good at this years ago. And I and it was, I was thinking back to what is the number one thing I always think about this, whenever I have looked at who who stinks when it comes to making money, and who rocks at it that I have personally spent time and worked with, they have created a persona that is highly, highly attractive in their energy. It's about an energetic attraction.

[196:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I think I think, I think Rick Pino was a great example of this is that it draws people in, they want to be your best friend, they want to spend time with you, they are begging to spend time with you. Does that make sense? So the attractive character when you start embodying that, you will have so many people wanting to work with you in your business without even selling anything. Which has zero to do with external appearances. It has everything to do with however, how you project your energy to people, okay. And so it's the merging of these two, the authenticity. Because without the authenticity, people can tell it's fake. They can tell it's BS, they can tell it's made up. But if you're fully authentic, quote, unquote, people feel a little bit uncomfortable that you're meant to work with. And they honestly get a little bit scared. I found this to be the case, I had a number of, of people that I think quite frankly, should not have said Jeremiah like you. But they did because there were certain ways that my energy was showing up that they felt uneasy about as far as that goes, and I've had people letting me know this. So Jeremiah, you're great. The things you say are great. The words you say are great. You've got a track record. But there's just this is what a lot of people have told me something about you that is just off, and it makes my skin crawl to the point that I need to get as far away from you as possible. Okay. Now, to a degree I have actually curated and design that into my marketing. But as is the case, I'm a bit of a of an experimenter. I'm a bit of a person that likes to try things out and experiment just to see what happens. And sometimes I can go a bit too far in my experimentation, and when I do, okay, the results didn't turn out how I thought they would. So now I'm going to course correct. I'm going to adjust and I'm going to fix it because I am experimenting. This is the curated part of the persona. So to bring my ads cost way down, we're getting leads, it's like less than $2. The problem is, though, is that you can do this so well. That the leads you're getting are also not converting to sales because you're attracting the wrong people that are not in alignment with what you're actually looking to do. So you got to be really, really careful with this. In how you curate this. As far as this goes, so you want to bring a balance of what really makes people the best attractive character is going to make people feel really, really good to listen to. Like, they really want to spend time listening to you, it feels good. They just feel something in their heart and their belly and their mind that just lights their soul on fire when they listen to you talk. And here's the interesting thing is I know 100% How to do that in how I communicate and how I talk and how I, how I, I built my business, but I was experimenting with, what if I went so far in the other direction and did not do that to bring my ads cost down, that I repelled as many people as possible, and then bring it right back around to this attractive character thing. And so that's what it is, is bringing together the authenticity, bringing together the design curated persona, and it really is like acting, you know, actors, if you study how actors act, Broadway plays or in movies, have you ever noticed that it feels like that's actually them. And it's actually their personality, it's because they are merging their true authenticity, based on actual experiences, actual stories, playing to the character, oftentimes, when they are talking to a character in a role in their mind, they have projected a real life scenario that maybe they've experienced, or they're operating out of what is an untrue scenario as if it is the truth in that moment, and I found that my mind and my brain has an incredible ability to do this is that I can get an idea and a story and a narrative in my mind, so much. So in this probably comes from me studying filmmaking and storytelling for so long. And really studying the way that actors do this, as well as politicians, as well as sports players, if you watch the best sports players that have the best following, they have curated a personality that gets people watching the team over and over and over again, Patrick mahomes, on the Kansas City Chiefs has done this Taylor Swift is somebody that does this with her audience, but she's extremely polarizing, with a curated persona, to an entire segment of the of her market that I believe maybe has caused pain in her life as far as that goes. And so in this, we have to look at, there's a balance to repelling the people that we know that we're not meant to work with, that we're not meant to be around. I'm going to give you an example to this as well, when you start operating in the attractive energy. Okay, I want you to think about in your life, there, almost all of us have had a moment in time, I truly believe that we can think back to where it seemed like everybody just wanted to be around us. They wanted to listen to us, they wanted to get to know us. And that and the last time that might have been for you was 1718 years ago.

[291:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what we end up doing, is generally, when that happens, we get hurt in some way. And we make a decision that I'm not going to act that way that actually draws people to me, that attracts people, to me, that is attractive, because I don't want to get hurt again, like I did in that moment. For me, one of the times when I was operating in the highest level of attracting people to and I don't I'm not even I don't really understand the law of attraction. I don't understand it at all. Honestly, I think that that's like, outside of what I'm talking about. I'm just talking about like, you can show up with so much peace in your soul, and excitement and exuberance about living and you're excited about living your life that people want to know what the heck it is that you're doing. What ends up happening though, is it's polarizing. You will draw people to you. This happened when I used to DJ so I was a DJ and I used to DJ nightclubs and all of that. And I got some of the biggest pain and trauma in my life happened during that exact same year. As far as that goes. And there were literally decisions that I made to my personality, to not be as attractive to people so that I don't attract the attention of those who hurt me. Of those who made my life miserable. And can I tell you who were the people that made my life miserable. It was multimillionaires. It was course creators. It was coaches. It was people hosting live events. It was people who were building large audiences through the internet for events, multiple people that I was connected with, and they hurt me so deeply to my core, that literally out of a protective mechanism, my brain wired itself to not do things that it knew how to do very well, for almost 15 years until I've mentioned to y'all back in February, I had a meeting with my therapist where I had unlocked certain parts of that personality as far as it goes. So here's what I found ends up happening. Whenever I do this, I end up then attracting again and again, and again more of those people that will end up hurting me. Okay. And as God is my witness, I need y'all to understand this. When you are in alignment with what you need to do for your business, to make the kind of money you want to make, and to bring in the kind of leads that you want to make, it will be so close to the edge of one of the of what you believe is unsafe, but I want you to develop a boundary to where you're not going to try to validate your past, to where you're not going to try to heal your past, through the actions that you're doing. Let me explain an example of this. There's a guy that I have been getting to know for about a year and a half. And I made a decision about a week ago that him and I are no longer going to be friends to the level that we were developing a friendship of why? Because every time I start to get to know him as a friend, I start questioning my value as a human being. But he's great in business. And so I have made a decision over the last week or so, great guy, I think he's awesome. Still, I'm still going to like, see, but I'm not going to talk about the deeper personal stuff that I was sharing with them. And I'm going to create a boundary where I'm not going to share that part of me, because it doesn't benefit either of us to go that deep. But our business relationship is great. And we're going to continue operating in that as far as that goes. And what I would say is this person he's incredible, represents what I would say, truly is long term over the next five to 10 years, an avatar of the type of person that I want to do more business with. But these are not necessarily people that I would be friends with. I have an inner circle of friends. And I don't need to mix those two things. I can have a boundary where I say hey, listen, you know what, we're not going to go out to dinner. You want to know how my how my marriage is? You know, it's great. I don't need to share with you. Anything else beyond that. You want to know how my business is doing? It's doing great. That's all you need to know on that front. Let's figure out how to help you in this way. Because every time that I would share deeper levels about my family, my marriage, my business with him for whatever reason, and I don't think he means it this way. He would make comments that again, I don't think he meant he I don't think he's actually meaning to do anything wrong or mean to me, by the way. But for whatever reason, because of things that I'm going through and dealing with right now that I don't need to figure out by the way, either. I don't need to dig up. I don't need to solve. I don't need to he actually like fix. They make me when he makes these comments, they make me question who I am as a person in the darkest way. And I told him this and unfortunately when I tell him this, he digs deeper and then he it gets worse. So this is a sign that this is where I do I have a boundary in where I let allow my energy to go with this person, but I don't need to cut him out of my life. Because I have actually fully attracted this person to me with the attractive character that I have created in this area in business. So I know that I want to be connected with this person. But I also know what I believe in is I believe it's his inability to not give extreme Emily harsh criticism on things that he doesn't understand. And then when you like, say that you think that he's wrong, he goes even deeper and starts, like kind of getting a little bit weird out of I think it's his own insecurities. Does that make sense, but I don't need to fix that about him. If I could give him some guidance, I would say hey, like, I think like, like that part of you is probably a superpower that you might also have. But like, I don't like it in our friendship. But when I've talked about that with him, he's not even open to exploring that it's a problem. But I'll still have the business boundaries and friend and relationship with him. Does that make sense? So when you start to amplify the attractive Ness in your business, attracting the people that you're looking for, you don't need to go so deep, where you start disclosing all of the parts of your life with everybody, all of the things that you're struggling with, all of the stuff that you're dealing with, what you really like want to do is the stuff that you share, you want to become very aware of what comes out of your mouth and what you write, when you're talking with people. Of is this statement going to benefit, the sales, interaction, and further our business relationship? Moving forward. Now, side note, when it comes to your friends, when it comes to your family, it's a little different. But even then, and actually, I'm gonna use my it's funny. Some of y'all follow my mom, my mom, there are topics I won't discuss with my mom. And I and her and I have a great agreement of like, we can say to each other, hey, I don't really want to talk about that. Let's let's not go there. And then immediately her and I are both like Okay, great. Yeah. Cool. No worries, and we don't need to push it. And we don't need to challenge it. You know, I grew up being taught that that was laziness that that was running away from accountability.

[439:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I just more and more and more, I'm realizing like, No, it's not. So I'm still learning that side of it. I'm not an expert on that side of it. I'm sure some of y'all might be experts in that area. know way more than I do about that. But coming right back to when you are creating advertising campaigns. When you're creating a landing page, when you're creating a sales letter, when you're writing sales copy, when you're sending emails to people when you create Instagram reels, YouTube videos, webinars, challenges, ebooks. You have to create a persona that people really want to spend more time with and how do you get yourself there mentally. For me, I've been teaching about this for the last couple of weeks. It always comes from calming my nervous system down. Not feeling like I'm in fight or flight or I'm like vibrating really like anxiously. If I'm feeling anxiety about going into a situation. I've decided to just take a step back before making certain decisions about my marketing. And I trained myself it used to take me and I used to call it procrastination. It used to take me months, I would feel anxious and I would step back from my marketing and it would take me months before I felt competent again. That doesn't work. So what I decided was this, what if I can reset myself within five minutes? When I'm feeling anxious, when I'm not feeling my best? How do I bring it down to two minutes a minute. And so again, for me the practices I've talked about it could be going for a walk. It could be playing with my son for 30 minutes it might be that I just need to watch a TV show. I've been watching a suits on Netflix. I really liked that show. I think the I think the the energy that they have in that show is really great when it comes to business and sales and if you want to know the kind of energy that you want to show up with in your Sales and Marketing interactions, watch us suits on Netflix just the first like six episodes, you'll get what I mean? The energy of like, they don't take any BS from anybody. They're not concerned with what other people think about them. And I think really get to the place where you are authentically unconcerned about what people think about you while simultaneously curating. See, I keep going between these two lines here. Fully yourself. I don't give a bleep. If they disliked me, okay. That's one thing I am working on, too. I actually, I actually want to stop cussing, I think I think that there's a benefit to it for my persona, to not swear. You know, my mom likes to swear, sometimes I do it. Accidentally, it's an area that I'm working on. If you swear around me, I don't care, it's fine. You can do whatever you want. But you know, I made I, my wife and I were like, you know, it probably doesn't really benefit the brand that much, it's probably better to show that self control that I'm not. So that's, that's a curated side of my authenticity. I can say what I want to say I just gave you an example of it actually, right here. When I was like, I don't give a bleep. You kind of knew what I meant. And you know, back when I was like in the in hyper religious church that used to teach us saying bleep means the same thing as saying the real thing. So you just might as well not saying nothing. And I was like, Matt, so I don't That's why I don't like that kind of like, weird like damned if you do damned if you don't. type of a thing. I will say the word damned because it's I don't think it's a cuss word. It's so funny. I'm like, literally giving you a great example of what I'm meaning right now by this. But you want to curate the persona of how you want to show up that attracts the most people to you. So I can literally look at data over the last two, two and a half years. I've been running challenges webinars. Every month. I started in was it two O's? No. It was way.

[519:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Two and a half. Yeah, it was two and a half years. Two and a half years. September, October 2021. That was two and a half years, right. 2021 to net? Yeah, I think October 2021. To now is two and a half years. Right? Or is it three years? Who knows? It's funny when I like get these loops in my head. It's like, okay, May 23. But yeah, it was two and a half years. So two and a half years ago, I've been running consistently, at least once every month or so a webinar or a challenge. The first one I did it was how to create money with digital products, digital courses. Next I did how to build a code a course business. And then I realized people don't really want courses, they want coaching. And then I figured out Wait, I need to teach about webinars, that didn't work very well for me. Now I need to teach how to run a mentorship business that worked. Okay, I might go back to that actually a little bit more. Because I've grown a little bit since then over a year ago, then I swung away from using the term six figures, because of this whole FTC thing. You don't want to make claims that are like non quantifiable, I swung way too far away from that realize, you know what, I do have a system that I can make sure that people make money with, I'm gonna feel competent, saying, I can show you how to make 10 to $30,000 a month. It's hard. It's not easy, but you can do it if you apply it. So I'm leaning back into a lot of the language that I was using that sales copy, right. So the language that I'm using the sales copy, but it also has to do with the words that are coming out of my mouth, as well as the nonverbal communication, the body language, one of the number one things that you can do when it comes to your nonverbal communication is smiling. When you're talking watch this. I'm going to give you an example of this about the design curated attractive character. Okay, watch. I'm gonna do something right now. I'm gonna leave the frame of this video and I'm gonna come back in and I want you to tell me, how different does this feel? I'm gonna say the same thing. But I'm going to show up as two different characters. Hey, you ready?

[557:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: You need to grow your email list. You are sucking up you know, right? That's not attractive. Nobody wants somebody that's like that. Gosh, some of y'all are scared. that I can even pull that out. Right? It's like, drills about Yeah, exactly right. And the Elliot is like that, which is funny. It's funny because some of the guys that I resonate with actually are like that. Because sometimes I'm a little bit hard headed. My mom and I are both the same way, we need a little bit of that drill sergeant to get us going. Okay, but what about this, I'm gonna say the same thing, different persona. You absolutely need to grow your email list. If you want to create a business, that's gonna make you ridiculous amount of money growing your email list is the best way to do so. So I said the same thing. But the way I showed up, and honestly, that's not even how I would do it. Let's try it again. I really think growing your email list is the best thing you can do. If you're not growing your email list. Sure, there's other stuff you can do. But like, you still need to focus on that that thing is what's going to help you grow things so much more. And I would say that's probably like my most best, most attractive, authentic personality that can show up with super nonchalant, happy, whimsical, like, I'm just having a conversation like we're talking over coffee. But I'm not lethargic. Okay, what about this persona right here? Yeah, we've been doing research and you, you need to you need to grow an email lists, too. Make your business grow. So if you want to, we might have something we can show you. That that's that's it comes across as insecurity as far as that goes. So what I do is this is that I work on. And we'll take questions here in just a sec. I work on getting myself into the right state of mind before I show up. And this has been the number one thing that I've been doing when it comes to how I do my coaching, when I'm doing YouTube videos when I'm making content is that before I press record for a Facebook ad, before I write sales copy, before I go send a message to my team, even literally my team, my my people in the Philippines, I can tell you, I don't want to reply to them when I'm in a bad mood. Because I will not be nice. I might not be like super rude, but I will be reactive. And I'll say things that are confusing. And then it'll come across like I'm angry. And then like 30 minutes later, I'm like, Hey, y'all sorry, I I screwed up. Literally, I will write my team and tell them this. I screwed up. I was reacted with that message. It's not as big of a deal as I made it. Please forgive me, I am so sorry. That I let my problems come into our conversation. And I And I'll say this to my whole team as far as this goes, and our Slack message. And most of the time, they're like, Oh, you're fine you're doing but like I need to do that. As a leader. I need them to know that like a, I recognize that, hey, I'm not creating a safe environment, when I show up saying, Hey, what happened here? This is wrong. You guys need to fix this. This is like that energy doesn't work with leading people. It doesn't work with attracting people to you and your marketing. It doesn't work. How many of y'all have had a boss in a business that come to you and be like, hey, this sucks. What did you do wrong? Fix it. Right? You don't want to work for somebody that does that. Unfortunately, I've worked for a lot of people that have done that. And it does not serve a benefit to the company or the employees whatsoever. And so learning to calm your nervous system down. And then amplify your excitement and energy to the happiest possible place that you can get to as a routine. When you write your sales copy, when you go out there to strategize your funnel, when you write an email when you before you teach a class before you record an Instagram real so what I will do now is I have sort of an energetic I have like a it's like a it's a it's literally got like, like a bell that goes off in my brain. It's a feeling that I feel in my whole body of like, okay, I feel excited. I feel great. I haven't nomina brainstorm for five minutes. I have an idea of what I want to say what I want to teach and I'm going to show up in that energy of excitement. And if I find myself especially if I'm teaching for an hour or 45 minutes, or I'm doing a two hour webinar or a, or I'm writing sales copy, I will look, I will notice my energy starting to do this, I start really excited. And then I start to dip and I start to get a lack of confidence. It was actually, by the way, some of y'all might have recognized it. It happened to me about 20 minutes ago, when I was talking about that guy that I was friends with, and I needed to set the boundary with, it's an area that I'm actively working through emotionally. So for me, I can't go deeper into telling you that story. Because I won't be serving you guys very well. So I have to set an energetic boundary for myself to not talk about that story deeper. Okay. There are certain things that we don't want to overshare about in our marketing that are too authentic, because you don't know the experiences of the person that you talk to that you're talking to. One of the mistakes that I've made over the last three months, as I've talked about some of the really, really scary things that can happen with artificial intelligence. And unfortunately, I realized, because not everybody has been around technology. For me, for me, I'm not literally not terrified one bit about AI. Like, because I've been around this world for so long, but if you've not like, if you don't know, the big picture, it's it's, it's, it's very scary. It's like it's, you know, it's some big stuff, it really is. But you can't let your brain go and dwell and delve into those areas that get us off track from our energy to where we are operating in our best possible state. When we're writing sales copy, when we're creating our Facebook ads, when we're in the Facebook Ads Manager Hello. When we're on the phone, with a tax conversation with our accountant, you know, I'm about to do a I'm about to talk to a banker, here this week about an about an SBA loan, to help us leverage things in our business to grow things deeper, the government is offering some really great competitive rates and, and stuff like that. And so we're looking at that, to help us scale things and grow things. That's by the way, that's one of the benefits in economic downtime for business owners, you will find there they there's usually better offerings for financing and stuff for your business that certain entity, government entities or different lenders are willing to do that are actually better than they are in good economic times. And so this is why a lot of breakthroughs happen during hard economic times. You want to stay consistently on track, and be somebody that people can count on and rely on to be consistent. And I'm going to tell you guys here in this program. Again, I have been working on my ability of being consistent, we're developing new ways of putting things together, I'm excited to share with you we have organized, all of the classes on the back end, we're putting a few of the final touches on it should be ready to launch here, by the end of this week or early next week with all of the reorganized lessons and courses way easier for you to navigate. They're organized by start here, beginner classes, intermediate classes, and then there's like a learning library where all the rest of the courses are going to live in the members area that are not necessarily the most pertinent that you can look to as like a reference. But you don't need to necessarily delve into like right away unless you're stuck on like how to use Zoom or MailChimp or things like that. You want to really, really focus in on your offer and the six steps. If you're stuck deciding on what topic to make an offer on, you don't have a business without an offer. You don't have, you're not going to grow leads, you're not going to get sales without some kind of an offer with people. Okay. And I don't mean that to sound harsh at all. I mean to say that's where we want to put all our focus is offer creation, and that we want to optimize our offer. We want to get it to produce eight times our ad spend 10 times 20 times our ad spend from there.

[716:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I do want to take some questions here on this as far as what we've talked about here. I think I think that some of y'all might have some good questions I saw Tammy raised her hand. What's up Tammy? How are you?

[723:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, Fi fan.

[723:48] Speaker 3: No, I was just on it. I was trying to do a hands up to give you a thumbs up with what you were sharing. Oh, I gotcha. And demonstrating the different tones and different ways of being

[727:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: cool. Yeah, I gotcha. Awesome. So just to wrap up when I was sharing, we have to be consistent with how we show up. And it might get really boring for you. Can I tell you that? The stuff that's actually produces the most financial results for my business bore the crap out of me, they really do. They're not. They don't like they're not fun, the marketing stuff that I need to do, the way that I need to show up. So what I've done is now I've developed How can I optimize how I show up in those areas better, you know, what is fun is the financial returns from doing those things. What is not fun, is optimizing a campaign because I was bored, and it not producing the financial results I want. That's not fun at all. What is fun is going back to exactly what I know works, which is 99 was what I tell you guys to do. Oftentimes I you know, there's a juxtaposition of I tell you, I'll follow what I do and do what I do. But at the same time, I'm also testing things out. And so if I'm not like teaching it in here, you probably don't want to do it. You want to follow what I'm talking about in here. As far as that goes. I will say this content creation, and organic content creation, there's been a big shift in that side of things. For instance, I'm no longer going to be editing my long form content into Instagram reels and shorts and said, I'm going to record 62nd clips, when I get inspiration, I'll send it to my editor to add clips to and we'll do that. But then I'm teaching like 3040 minute trainings on YouTube, getting traction from that. And then those are leading people to the accelerator program. Those are also going to lead people to be able to retarget to them, maybe one to two webinars a month. And then we're gonna have automated webinars that are running and even VSLs. Now, I'm still testing that side of things as far as that goes. But I'm confident in what the offer needs to be. I'm confident in the angle that we need to take, which is amazing, super fun. And so with all of this, put together, being consistent, somebody that attracts, there's, there's, there's literally there's one type of person you want to track. And I tell you this, and I tell you who you don't want to attract. And most of us as coaches, we think this is who we want to attract somebody who you need to change their mind, to get them to see the light in the fact of what they need to do to fix things. I'm gonna say that, again, as a coach, we may think that the person that we want to attract as somebody who is doing things wrong, that needs to do things, right. That's only partially true. You want to find somebody who is willing to change their behavior. You want to find somebody who is teachable. Somebody who is coachable. I can show up in two different personas. And one moment in time, kind of the more boring way that I show up I call it boring. Most of y'all probably prefer it. I know you do. I call it boring. In attracts teachable and coachable people to me, the more I would say unhinged version that I like to that I would prefer to show up as sometimes. All it attracts is argumentative, unteachable, angry, grumpy, critical people that are just not fun to be around. Exactly, Tiffany, you don't want to try to anybody. You have to convince pole or dragon. And so that's why when you can learn to really calm your nervous system down and the goal is to hear your inner voice. I think we I believe we all have an inner voice. And I was talking to a guy He's gonna be I loved it. Michelle, James was on our podcast with you. And we were talking about this. And he said that for the longest time, he thought he didn't have an inner voice. And it was like the first time I talked to somebody who was like, and then I realized I do. And it was like, I just was doing all these things that were like, silencing. And that's exactly what I think a lot of times, sometimes if you don't think you have an inner voice, we end up doing, we end up having all these other voices, whether it be from books, or mentors, or past experiences, or things that happened to us, that are speaking to us that are convincing us of what we should and shouldn't do. And we can't really hear that deep down in our voice that's guiding us. And so learning to like, listen to what your body is telling you, I think that's the best way to do it. Your subconscious, your body, your your and for me, I believe, as well, in faith, there's a spiritual aspect to it, where there's a Holy Spirit that I listened to as well. And it's, and I've studied this quite a bit, it's different for everybody. I think that whether you believe in God or not, you can still have an inner voice that can guide and direct you. And that can lead you much closer to what is the right thing to say at the right moment in time when you're doing a presentation. When you're connecting with somebody can I tell you this in dating, if you are trying to attract a spouse, and you're dating, listening to that inner and it's really it's an it's an almost an empathetic connection, of what you're feeling in the moment, when you're talking to this other person, that vibing back and forth. That we generally feel with our best friends, because we're familiar with them, when you can learn to do that in your business. And it's a vulnerable state to be in, it's very vulnerable, it's scary. Because people can miss judge you miss interpret, you think the worst about you. And by the way, like let them it's not your job to defend yourself against those people. But when you can learn to listen to that inner voice and you calm down the anxiety. And we're not trying to silence it. And what it is, is it's for me, it's usually it's very peaceful. It's a peaceful inner voice. It's a voice of reason. Excitement, faith, self confidence, belief. I feel like I feel like I'm a billionaire. In that moment when I can hear that inner voice. Like I feel like, even though my bank account doesn't have a billion dollars, doesn't matter. But and what I've learned is how to curate and get myself to the place where I am actually in that state of mind. Before I show up to write my sales copy. I am then visualizing what is the result that I want out of this sales copy? What is the result that I want? Who do I want to attract with this Facebook ad. And then I started going to work playing around with AI playing around with chat GPT getting the ideas swirling and all that. So I've been teaching you a lot of different methodologies with all of this. And I've hinted to things like different methods like therapy and meditation, and stuff like that. Listen, all of these different methodologies of calming your nervous system down hearing your inner voice, not second guessing yourself. Getting out of hesitancy. Can I tell you this? hesitancy is one of the major resistance points when you know that you're not listening to your inner voice, when you're hesitating. When you're saying okay, when you're second guessing yourself when you're not sure if you're doing the right thing at the right moment in time, when you don't know if it's the right thing to say at that moment. And what I've looked at is sometimes if I don't know if something's the right thing to say in that moment. I won't say it right then and I'll let it process inside of me for about five to 10 minutes before I bring it up. And so it's really learning to be super comfortable and self aware of what but your heart is feeling connected with your logical mind. And that's where, like we talked about the authenticity, the authenticity comes from the heart, the brain is more the curated kind of side of things. And when we bring a coherence together of those two, our sales copy gets better.

[885:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: It becomes a lot easier to log into the members area to listen to Jeremiah teach a course, on a topic about technology that maybe we're uncomfortable with, does that make sense? You might need to get yourself into that excited state of mind before you log in to listen to a course that I'm teaching. And here's the cool part about it. When you create a habit of this, it gets a lot easier. And it doesn't take a long period of time, it used to take me hours to get to that place. I remember when I was when I was writing sales copy for my mom years ago, it would take me sometimes six to 10 hours just to get to that place where I felt the best that I could show up at this level, the right sales copy. Now, I would say sales copy can be one of the harder ones. So what I'll do is I'll listen to some music that I want, I'll go for a walk, I'll play a video game, I will watch a TV show, then I'll read a book. And I'll just kind of have some fun and entertainment. And I found that this helps with sales copy a lot entertaining the mind with things that you want to do like that helps the sales copy flow much better. Particularly in sales copy more than anything else. When it comes to organizing your, your, your accounting, probably not. It's different in those areas, right. If I want to get into the right state of mind, for organizing with my accounting, I'm going to clean my cleaning different rooms in my house, I'm going to do my dishes, stuff like that. So there's literally different activities even that help us get into a state of mind for what we're about to do. Like I said, when it comes to sales, copywriting, I think just straight up like zoned out entertainment is probably the way to really pull the best sales copy out of you. When it comes to creating Facebook ads, I would say scrolling social media is probably one of the best ways to come up with what to say for Facebook ads. For me when I'm about to create a YouTube video, I will actually watch other people's YouTube videos that I like, for about 30 minutes just to catch a vibe for their emotions that I really like. And then I end up showing up as my best, most excited self. Because I almost feel like I just got done spending time with some best friends of mine that are doing the same thing that I'm about to do. Does this make sense? And again, some of y'all, this might sound super weird to you, but I tell you, it's gonna make you a lot of money. It's gonna it's gonna make you super successful. My mom, I just I remember this, she was on bedrest for the longest time. Because she was at all these different autoimmune diseases and stuff like that. And what would she do? She would watch movies. We didn't really have Netflix, so she just would watch movie after movie after movie after movie after movie. And quite frankly, I think I judged her a little bit. I was like, Why is she just watching movies all the time. And then I will see her grab your computer and write some sales copy real quick. And it was like selling a million dollars. And I realized, wow. That's exactly what I do when I write sales copy as well. And it's actually a method that I think particularly in the sales copywriting realm is is important. So again, there's different actions that inspire different things. I talk about playfulness, stuff like that, if I want to brainstorm the best moves to do in my business, and areas that I'm stuck. I play with my son, which is super annoying, because my brain ends up getting distracted by things that I'm obsessing over that I'm stuck with in my business. And then I have to literally discipline myself to go back to being present with my son. I'll grab the notepad write down what I'm stuck with, and then I'll deal with it when like when he's asleep. I'll deal with it. When he when when my when my wife is watching him, I'll deal with it when maybe his auntie is or he's taking a nap. Because I want to be present with him. But I'll tell you this. My business has actually grown and gotten better by me learning to be more present, with my son being more present with my wife being more present when I'm cleaning the house because it inspires different things. So one of the things that I noticed is where does your mind wander to when you do these different things?

[963:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you go watch a movie on Netflix or you go read a book, Where does your mind wander too? You can start to utilize those things in those areas. So for me, my mind always wanders to sales copy. Whenever I am watching something on TV, or playing a video game or something like that, it's always sales copy for me. When I'm parenting, it's always where am I stuck? Where Where do I need to improve where I need to do better? That really was hard for me because I was like getting like, totally, like, just associating when I was watching Halston. And Abigail was like, You need to stay focused with him. And I'm like, it's hard. Like, my brain litter just keeps focusing on all the stuff I need to do better in my business. And I realized, wait a sec, if I can just write this stuff down and stay present with him. I can actually take advantage of the fact that there we go. So it's awesome. Yes, there are funnels everywhere. Everything is a funnel. Taylor Swift has a funnel. Disney has a funnel. sugar cereal is a funnel to get you on drugs for Big Pharma. Anyways, all right, we're gonna take some questions here, because I want to take some q&a time. Also, I am trying to figure out I need to brainstorm we were supposed to this week. By the way, it's funny, I like to sit down when I take questions. I do much better at taking questions when I sit down, I do better at teaching when I'm standing up, discovered that this week. So when it comes to implementing all of this is there anything that maybe you feel stuck on? Or maybe you are confused about? Or that you need help with when it comes to implementing what we teach here in this program? Whether it be the six steps, whether it be an individual technology piece? Is it something that's been just like brewing in the back of your mind that you're just annoyed about? Is there something that you're embarrassed about? By the way, this is a very safe place to share what maybe you feel embarrassed about? We don't want to be embarrassed about it. I'll tell you this, for the first time actually wrote my mom something I said, Mom, I'm embarrassed to admit. I didn't know Mother's Day, which was this weekend. And I said it's It feels very embarrassing. And her and I were gonna get together and do something. I thought it was like in three weeks. You know, like, I'm embarrassed to admit that's an area that I got to like get better at is like looking at the calendar. It's like actually putting out there what we feel embarrassed about. Sometimes it's also a good thing. And it not being so big. It's not as big as we make it up to be in our mind. All right, Tiffany, what's up, Tiffany? How are you?

[1013:09] Tiffany Quinones: Good morning. My energy level seems to have tanked this morning. This is a great message. I was like Is he reading my mail. I was literally thinking about when you first started talking about authenticity and showing up. I'm at a place in my life where when I go to share things say like my my story. I know a lot of people have connected with me when I share parts of my story about ethnicity and foster care. And so I've also gotten to a place now where I'm like, I just want to unfollow all of the trauma accounts on Instagram.

[1025:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I started doing that about a year and a half ago.

[1026:24] Tiffany Quinones: That's I'm at a new place. And so yeah, like all weekend, I was like, Huh, well, you know, I feel like this next level, things are starting to click, things are starting to come together. And you when you were talking about authenticity, and posting and sharing, showing up. I'm an example person. So I was like, Can you like, share an example of like, what that would look like for example, when I go to share parts of my story. I want to share it in the most authentic manner and there's parts of my story that I don't want to share because I don't want people to you know, I don't want to look like I'm a victim because I'm not I want to share it in a very like powerful way. cuz I know my story is part of my business, because it's the like, identity piece. But that's the only example I could bring up because I'm like, what? Look like, you want

[1044:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: to share your story in a way that serves your goals. So is your goal to look authentic or to make it effective for your business?

[1048:48] Tiffany Quinones: smarter. I, for me, it's like be effective for my business.

[1050:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right? And I think that that's where we gotta like actually admit to that's what it is. Because I noticed, like, I can share my story and stories, and I got a lot of them. But do they really benefit my bottom line sharing that? Or do they actually hurt it? Do I need to share that with people and then get angry that they're mis judging me wrongly? Because I shared that part of me? Or do I need to realize that I actually, like it wasn't relevant to them, to the conversation to what our mutual goals are in the conversation to share that. And that not everybody needs to hear every part of our story as far as it goes.

[1063:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: doesn't benefit there are things that I just wish that the whole world knew about my story right now that I will tell some day. But I know that they don't benefit you right now, Tiffany, they don't benefit this group. And they don't benefit on a webinar for me to share. And in fact, they detract from and in fact, they because here's the thing, so uh, so stories, do a, a very interesting thing. Stories trigger different neuro pathways in the listener than facts do. So facts are important, like what I just shared with you right now is a fact. Right? Stories trigger different neuro pathways than facts do. But if I give you an example of that, of a story, triggering a response, in one way or another differently, your belief in that fact will be amplified and solidified much deeper because it's connected to an emotion because it's connected to a feeling. Okay, so here's, here's an example. Of of, of that is I can share with you all of the great benefits that artificial intelligence has for your business. Or I could talk about all the horrible ways that bad actors in the world can use AI to hurt people. Those two stories are about the same thing. But does it benefit me in my business, of teaching about AI to talk about all the horrible ways that AI can hurt people? No. Now I'm super transparent about them probably way more than most people are. Because I know both sides of it. And, and I think in this setting, I think we need to be aware of some of the dangers of AI as well, I'll tell you, this AI is not as effective as it was six months ago, I'm using it way less than I was six months ago. I'm using AI now to help my brain think better. So I'm using the AI not to actually tell me what to do. But to actually get my brain processing as like a brain fuel better. So I'll use it to inspire my own brainstorming rather than get it to brainstorm. And I found that to be 10 times more effective for me. And by the way, that feels a lot better to to me. It's way more authentic that way because I'm because 99% of what the AI produces, I'm not going to use but it's triggering my own neural pathways to say, Oh, I hadn't thought of that. Oh, I hadn't thought about the fact that hanging out with this guy for the last year and a half that we had a great business relationship. But I started to go way too deep with a friendship was actually hurting my business. Because I was disclosing things and we were getting into deep conversations. And then out of our own whatever it is, I mean, there's a reason why Him and I are so we love hanging out together. We're drawn to each other as friends. as well as colleagues. And there are, there's a reason why there's boundaries and what we should be talking about, as well. Because there's such a very deep, familiar connection there around a lot of aspects of our life that I need to be guarded on, I need to guard my heart, I need to guard my mind. I'll give you I'll give you a great example of this.

[1131:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hard for me to share this because it's super vulnerable for me to share it. But I actually like I found myself over the last like 12 months, I stopped feeling confident about what I know how to do in business, again. And I just I kicked myself every time it happens, and I can tell how it happened. Because about 12 months ago, I felt extremely confident in myself, and what I know how to do in business, and then I started getting into conversations with people that I shouldn't. And I started listening to what these other people were telling me about what they thought about me. And I started taking on their opinions about me about myself.

[1147:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I didn't even recognize it, because it was so familiar to how I used to think about myself five years ago. So I ended up regressing, emotionally, mentally, and psychologically, almost five to seven years, simply because I leaned into trying to prove myself and defend myself to certain people that didn't, that had opinions about that, again, we're great people. That's the hard part. These are not people that I need to cut out of my life. But I just don't need to talk about everything. When I do a webinar, I don't need to talk about everything with people on my webinar. I can leave some things as a mystery. If I disclose everything, what do they need to pay for that. And I'm not obligated to give all of the answers to people on a free training, just because they want to, just in the same way, that when we go on a date with somebody, we're not obligated to sleep with them. I mean, it's it's a perfect example of that. Because our culture can identify one and not the other. We've gotten to a great place. I think in our society, we get to where we're like, okay, it's better to like, not just, you know, flippantly have sex with people on the first date, you know, you know, I think it's better for that and to get to that place. Now again, if you're like that, it's fine. It's not a it's not anything I would judge on because I was that way for years. Used to be because I was seeking validation. But then we look at in business, I want to be validated by people using me by people using my knowledge by people seeing my worth. And then people end up trying to manipulate out of us the fact that we owe it to them to give them something a part of us that we would charge for, that we would charge money for that we would reserve for our paid coaching. And we're not obligated to give those parts to people simply because they want it you know, if you go and stay at a hotel, they have a presidential suite, it might be empty. They don't owe it to you for the same rate as a normal room rate. Simply because you demand it. Well, it's empty. So you're gonna lose money anyways. You might as well just give it to me for 100 bucks. Now I'm sorry, sir. We're gonna call security on you. We can understand that when it comes to like a corporate job or like Walmart Well, hey, you know that televisions been sitting there for six months, you might as well give it to me for 60 bucks instead of 500. No, it's It's $500. Maybe you can wait till Black Friday when it goes on sale for four or five 100 Well, I don't want to pay that it's only worth 60 to me. Okay, great, awesome. Go on Craigslist and and find a broken one. Right, you know, but like we can understand it there. But then we end up going in our own business and feeling like we're obligated to give people value simply because they want it. Yet no company on the planet would do that, because they can't stay in business that way.

[1207:31] Tiffany Quinones: Thank you, I've just unlocked several things. Because I'm getting I'm like, okay, because I'm at a place in my life. Like, this is where I started. I started off with like, sharing about, you know, my story and foster care and ethnicity and all that stuff. But now I'm at a place where it's like, I don't really want to share about all that anymore. Unless it's pertinent to like, something other than that. It's like, yes, it does help people connect, but okay,

[1215:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, it's okay to share that stuff that you might just want to share. But I would start to look at as well, who are the people that are selling stuff that you want to sell? The coaching that maybe you want to sell, the training that you're gonna sell? And what type of content do they post? What kind of YouTube videos are they making? And what I like to do is I'll go to their YouTube channel, and I'll sort it by most views. So I'll see which videos that they did that got the most views on YouTube. It's right there. Literally, there's so much data on YouTube, for your web for our webinars for our content creation. YouTube is like a goldmine right now for that, because you can sort it in one click by most popular. So you can click on shorts, you can see the most popular shorts, you can click on videos, you can see the most popular videos. And it gives us ideas. And then what's my own spin? What I like to do with YouTube is I'll watch somebody's most popular video, I'll watch like their first five minutes, because that's like the hook that draws you in. And then I'll see what message that I have does this video inspire me. And then I'll go record that message which is similar to theirs, but it's way different. You know, there was a great video that's like it's one of Rick pinos most viewed in the last year, because he's doing business coach, and I'm like, I need to make a YouTube video this week or next on that it's one of the top business ideas to make 10,000 a month in 2024. Mike Yeah, making that video. But I don't even need to watch the rest of his video to know that that's a good idea for me to make for my own angle. You know, as far as that goes. So that's the other thing too. We need to also not be afraid of like, Oh, I got that idea from somebody else. And now I can't do it because somebody else did it. I couldn't care less. As far as that goes, and everybody like just getting inspiration creatively by looking at what's resonating in the marketplace right now. What's pertinent right now what are people running ads for right now, Funnel Hacking existing ads that are to your market, as well. And then putting your own spin on it. I created a swipe file in this last week for the best landing pages that are related to offer creation and Facebook ads. And they're all by the way, they're way different landing pages than the ones I've been running for the last six months. The copy is way different. So I see where I need to adjust my copy. And my angle based on what these ads that I've been seeing running are I'm gonna tweak all mine to be a lot closer to the ones that I'm seeing that that I noticed. And then there we go, we're gonna run from there. And I'm not and I'm not afraid to tell you guys that that's literally what I do. I go out there and I look at okay, what are my competitors putting out there? What ads are they running? And then I'm gonna even go through their funnel. I'm gonna opt in, I'm gonna get them to send me their text messages. I'm gonna go through their sequence. The one thing I don't do, I don't like it is I'm not going to hop on a call with somebody. So I don't really want to waste their time. You could I know. I know. I know. Rick Pitino hopped on like 30 people's sales calls before he did a lot of sales calls himself. He hopped on a bunch of them went through their process, listen to how they tried to close them, helped him understand what was proven inside of these multimillion dollar companies. So it's a great way to watch what are other people's VSL what are their webinars, reading the email sequences having a swipe file from other marketers that are selling similar offers in your space or other content creators? YouTubers Instagramers. My wife and I had a great revelation this morning that she's been trying to tell me for five years and I was like, You know what? You're You're a genius and I don't know why I don't listen to you sooner. I'm just so stubborn and pigheaded. She I look at all these marketers that I'm attracted their content. But that's not going to attract my target client. It's usually a lot more brash people than I am. That like, like, it's like I said, there are a lot more drill sergeant T, that draws me in. It does, it attracts me, I know that that's not how I need to actually show up as a coach. My wife on the other hand, she is drawn to more of a bit kinder, still very cut and dry, kind of snarky content a little bit. Funny comedic. Usually women influencers or not a lot of men that she sends me. But I told us that if you see an offer from a coach or a mentor or something, you're like, hey, this is really good. It drew me in, I told her, send me the ad. I want to see it. I want to see the ad that that was. And so she sent me like three people that she's followed that, that teach very similar to what I teach, but in a different niche. And I was like, Oh my gosh, here's like six things that I need to implement in the next 30 days that I just saw, from what my wife sent me in 30 minutes. And that could have taken me six months of trying to figure it out. Instead, I like, just kind of utilize the fact that she's already watching for this content as far as this goes. So there you go. Tiffany, I hope that was helpful.

[1305:32] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah, it was no I'm it's a it's part of growth. So pivoting shifting, it's good. So thank you so much. Very helpful. Yeah. Awesome.

[1308:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, Robin, I see you're posting a few questions here. Do you want to chat about it and raise your hand or do you want do you? Which of these questions is most pertinent to you right now? Let me know. Michelle, I'm going to take your question here. It's up Michelle. Plus since sinski, that right? Like get it right.

[1315:49] Michelle Plucinsky: You did. Alright, let me get my video. I'm finally

[1316:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: getting it right. To sinskey. Rusedski. Yeah,

[1317:46] Michelle Plucinsky: I wonder why unable to start video because the host stopped it. Okay. Oh, you have to video me if you want.

[1319:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Silly. Okay.

[1320:17] Michelle Plucinsky: I'm outside hiding under a chair. Yes, I can see my screen. Um, okay. So I went in my Facebook ads posted create an advantage audience to a class we're promoting this weekend. And it's got no traction for $100. It's got 65 cents ad spend. Did something change that you're aware of? Or

[1326:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: what is your ad? Goal?

[1328:02] Michelle Plucinsky: Click the website and buy a ticket for the class.

[1328:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: website clicks? Yeah, you're not running a conversion campaign, huh?

[1330:48] Michelle Plucinsky: No, is that what I should have done instead

[1331:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: of running a conversion campaign? And then how big is your audience that you're targeting it to?

[1333:12] Michelle Plucinsky: I did the three counties surrounding me and I think before I hit boost, it was like 1.4 million people.

[1335:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you share your screen with me?

[1336:20] Michelle Plucinsky: Yes, sir. Let me open my Yeah, that's gonna

[1337:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: happen. We're so they're not even running.

[1338:38] Michelle Plucinsky: They're not I mean, like, all right. Can you see my screen? Yeah.

[1339:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, you're running it as an event? Is that what it is? Is it an event? Well, yeah,

[1341:15] Michelle Plucinsky: we call it an event. So yeah, it is an event. So is that?

[1342:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, wait, no, you're running it for a purchase goal. Yeah, that would be well, is you're running it for a purchase goal. What's the purchase costs?

[1345:27] Michelle Plucinsky: 147. Oh, yeah, no, just

[1346:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: running an ad to 1.2 million people for 147 purchase. That's not gonna produce anything.

[1347:51] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay, so what should I have done instead?

[1349:03] Speaker 0: here real quick.

[1349:39] Michelle Plucinsky: Hey, you're gonna ask me that, huh? How about we do this one. Okay. Now that's results.

[1353:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And to really test a 147, you're going to need at least about a $300 a day spend to really get to work okay, so it's going to a Facebook event. Yeah, they're purchasing it inside of Facebook.

[1357:59] Michelle Plucinsky: They can but really, they go to the website to purchase.

[1359:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, but this is what they're seeing. Right, right? Yeah. So they're just all ignoring this is what's happening. They're not even getting there. As far as that goes.

[1362:56] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay, so then I have since it's not getting any traction, I could stop that ad. And should I boosted again and just say like, look at me don't buy a ticket. Like I want to get people looking.

[1366:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to get them looking? What do you mean by that?

[1367:16] Michelle Plucinsky: Well, this is for Mother's Day and mother's days this weekend. So it's super last to buy that. But if they see we have something going on, and they click to find out more, they'll see we have other classes, they might buy a fruit future class, or is it not worth that?

[1371:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's, that's relying on an expecting them to do a lot of things that you have no control over. And so that's where we got to like really direct them towards one single action that you want them to take, that's going to lead them right to purchasing with you as soon as possible. So some kind of a page that has information about what they're going to buy would be more effective,

[1379:25] Michelle Plucinsky: which the event page does.

[1380:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: But that ad was only showing them a button that says interested. And then they would have to click through again to see it. Got it. So So those different clicks. Because people's attention span is so squirrely on social media, they're not even like, understanding why this is in their newsfeed. So we got to have as we got to have some copy that describes what it is to the so urgent, you got to really get their attention this weekend. And then I would have a graphic that you can make in Canva, that gives the most important details about when it is where it is how much it is to. And then that could lead them to either an event page. Or it could lead them to a because we have six I've successfully done event pages like that. But we gave a lot of details in the ad itself. For them to see that that really inspired them to click to learn more. And then also you could use a video of you, but then sending them to the registration page would would help as well. Yeah,

[1398:07] Michelle Plucinsky: again, that'd be a better. Yeah,

[1398:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, the purchase of 147. I don't know if you're gonna make enough to justify the ad spend this soon. Because again, a lot of what produces the results with ads, it's I we've not really seen much profit and a lot of loss of profit sending ads straight to a paid offer of some kind. Okay, my my, we recently did an offer with that my mom was running $50 class. I think it was costing her $150 to get a sale at 50 bucks. So it's costing 150 and ads to get one sale at 30 bucks. Yeah, but what was working was 50 cent leads to an ebook and then emailing those people to sign up for her $50 class, she got like 1000 registrations off of that and says, so going like from like some kind of a connection, nurturing that into a sale, versus just like straight to a sale, especially if people don't, then don't necessarily know who you are, they haven't followed you. That's another side of it. So again, ads that go straight to Hey, buy this thing for 147 bucks, unless you have a really high ticket back end offer is going to lose you a lot of money 99% of the time with Facebook ads. And so the ads are generally to pull people into your ecosystem, and then you got to go to work nurturing that sale.

[1424:25] Michelle Plucinsky: Alright, this all makes sense. So thank you very much. Yeah,

[1425:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. And so and that's, that's the purpose of so for you again.

[1427:32] Michelle Plucinsky: Well, I'm gonna say this too. We've had a couple of viral videos. So what I don't want to do is do too much local, because I want to nurture my ultimate goal is to get him on YouTube, right to follow us there and to do that. So what I don't want to do you

[1431:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a way to retarget everybody in your local area who has visited your website?

[1433:21] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, I mean, with our E News and stuff like that. 100%

[1434:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: would be the most likely to purchase this on the weekend anyways. Yeah.

[1435:27] Michelle Plucinsky: And they're locals. You know what I mean? If I target Facebook, I have to be very specific. They're not all local. Yeah. All right, but that makes sense. I couldn't figure out why it wasn't doing anything.

[1439:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you Yeah, we did a we did a again. So events like that, too, if you're targeting an event with an ad, those work much better if the event is free. Got it. And they get a lot of details as to like, what the event is why they should show up, where it's at what time what the cost is. So you're answering a lot of these unknowns for them in the ad, before they even click on interested. And then we did that process with a client to grow his church, we got like, 1000s of people would show up to a church like brand new, nobody knew the church was, but we threw all those details in. And like, I think he spent like 10 grand and like 1500 people showed up that Sunday. And then like, I think it was like, I think like, it's interesting when he talked about the church world, because you can kind of dive into what people hate about church offerings and giving and stuff like that. I think then, like in offerings, they got like four grand off of that. But then he like finance out of pocket, the other six grand, which then for him gets paid for through courses, coaching and memberships that he also offers. So then all of that is like he has this whole ecosystem where he finances his church through that, and his goal is to move away from needing to take offerings, as far as that goes. But again, 10

[1464:46] Michelle Plucinsky: grand on an ads, pretty

[1465:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: heavy duty, yeah, 10 grand on an ad. Out of those 1500 people, you know, and think on average, if they for granted offerings. That's only like five to 10 bucks per person that maybe they gave during the church service, you know. So that's one of the things people need to, like they don't understand is like, there's a cost. It's really hard to run a church. And I honestly hate doing church marketing. It's my least favorite thing. I don't necessarily like to do it. I knew this guy through his courses and stuff. So then we ended up applying the same methods to that, but I'm not a big I'm not a big fan of to church marketing. I just don't like how it's just some of it feels inauthentic to me personally.

[1478:20] Michelle Plucinsky: So all right. Thank you, Jeremiah. Yeah, yeah.

[1479:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, David, what's up, David?

[1480:30] Speaker 2: Good to see you. Listen, this is just more of a comment about your talk and what we were talking about earlier, but my work is, you know, is with gay, gay men and midlife and beyond. And one of the realizations that I made in terms of my own story, because I was sexually abused by a priest. And I struggled with shame and internalized homophobia, which I still struggle with spiritual rejection, those sorts of things, right, is that I couldn't really show up and tell the story and make that a part of my work, until I had healed enough that I could objectively speak about it and teach about it. And I think that that was had has been a very important lesson in terms of my forward movement with being able to be vulnerable, and know how to discreetly share without

[1493:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: overwhelming my honest discretion, that's the word I was looking for. Yeah.

[1494:37] Speaker 2: It is important, I think, to be authentic and to be vulnerable. But identify

[1495:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: discretion. That's good.

[1496:16] Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah. Because if I'm, if I'm really, really triggered by what people will think, and if I haven't done that work yet, then it's, they're gonna see it. So I had a lot of inner work before I can even come forward and do it. So I think that can be useful for other people in terms of what they're doing with their audiences.

[1501:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Discretion is a big one. I like it. That's the word that I'm thinking that I was looking for, that I couldn't quite put my finger on. It is, is like knowing like you don't need like when to overshare when to use discretion. I guess I found it's so interesting. It's very cathartic for me to share the depths of my own personal story. And nine times out of 10 I end up losing

[1510:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: really good clients if I end up sharing some of those parts of it at the wrong time. Yeah. Which is interesting, which are great people that I meant to work with, but it almost like it comes across. I noticed like from like, if I'm like separating myself from the situation where this happened, because it happened about three months ago, where I over shared with somebody and lost a really big contract. And looking back I'm like, that came across I would say from their perspective as like a lack of safety and discretion in our relationship. In business. Yeah. And that almost like I was, like, if I was like, could do it again, I can see why the person felt like it might be good for us not to work together.

[1523:15] Speaker 2: Yeah, I think that like, with my my people, a lot of gay men are triggered by my message and the things that I have to say. But I tried to really focus always on the people who are my people who are gonna be are gonna get really triggered and like

[1527:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: you want to find out where people are

[1528:05] Speaker 2: responding and, and that I can kind of zone out the ones that like the haters and the ones that are really, really triggered because they're not ready for and they and it just isn't for them. And a lot of long learning curve for me to figure that out.

[1531:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm finding that I can more and more be more authentic about my faith while simultaneously saying hey, I'm not a big fan of how most like churchy things are, you know, you know. And yet, like I also can work really well with people that are like, very churchy, or people that aren't. And like the fact that that doesn't mean that I can't serve different types of clients. And I found that that that fact I've actually lost clients on because they're like, well, they find that they can't trust me because I can operate in multiple realms with what I do really well.

[1543:58] Speaker 2: With case, and or, or

[1544:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: the fact that like, I play video games, I have found people find that in business, to be extremely concerning about my own focus and discipline. When it comes to their ability to trust me to be a man of my word, they find that the fact that I play video games, reduces how much they can trust me. But I have found that every time that I've tried to hide that or be somebody different, I don't actually show up very well. And so I've chosen that you know what, I'm willing to lose business, and continue to be very open and transparent about the fact that I'm a video gamer. And my wife is, and we love sports. And I've been that way my whole life. And in fact, I show up better for clients because of that. That when I don't when I change that part of me, I'm gonna actually show up way worse for the people that pay me money. So right, right. Yeah, yeah,

[1562:52] Speaker 2: that's a good point. Yeah,

[1563:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have found, because that's the thing I noticed a lot of people they get, they get addicted to video games, and Netflix movies and things like that. I probably have just desensitized myself to that addictive pole, I can play a game for like 10 minutes and then put it down and not touch it for a week. But by using it for what helps trigger my brain in the way that I need to. So it's interesting. But if I talk way too much about video games, it starts to freak people out a little bit. They're like, Okay, this business or is this like gaming?

[1573:52] Speaker 2: Right? It's all about balance.

[1574:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I'm like, okay, you know, I, it's all this. It's the discretion. That's it. I love the word discretion. It's developing that attractive character that draws your people to you. Um, it's, it's funny, I told my wife this too. When I really show up as my most attractive character. It's funny, I'll tell you this, David. A lot of gay men want to follow what I'm talking about. And they used to bother me. And I'm like, this is weird. They'll go in my DMs, they'll ask me to send nude images to them. Right? I don't want to give you the wrong impression. You're great. I don't do that. No, exactly. And then if they get really mean to me, I'm gonna block them and that's not homophobic. Right? And so because I used to wrestle with that, like, oh, gosh, like, this is really weird. Like, for me, like, I don't want to be this way. But I also if I'm fooling myself, I'm gonna end up attracting this energy to me, and that's just who I am. Right now go so there we go. I'm not going to be somebody different. I found like when I used to DJ, I DJ I never I don't think I ever DJ in any of the gay clubs but a lot of people that I DJ without promote with were part of that scene. And like, I really was friends with a lot of people in that scene and they're always like, Jeremiah, are you sure you're not gay? And I'm not sure That's me. I know I'm not. But you know, but they're like, but you're so like, you get along with us. So well, I'm like, Yeah, because like, I just I don't know, because you guys are the most authentic, happiest people that like actually feel love from. So it's like, that's awesome. You know? About like, Do you have any hot street girlfriends that you can hook me up with? Right? And then like they would and that was kind of interesting as a friend of ours you should hang out with and it was kind of it was kind of that was like 1520 years ago before I met my wife. But yeah, again. Sorry, y'all if that if that bothers you that I talked about that part of my story. But that's that's just that is a part of my story. Because we were doing events. That's where I learned a lot of my like, how to host events, where I would have people that disliked how I would show up and market and I was DJing. And these clubs in Austin and all of this. And I found that I was able to translate that into how I know how to run webinars. I know how to vibe with the with the energy. Because I learned how to read the room with hundreds of people in a nightclub and keep them buying alcohol night. Was that a noble thing for me to do to keep people buying alcohol? Probably not looking back, I don't think I would ever do that again. But in the moment in time, it taught me a lot of lessons that I have literally carried right into what I do today. Right?

[1624:44] Speaker 2: You know, it's often not your responsibility, whether their bike, oh, well, that's the other entertaining with music. You're

[1626:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, you're absolutely right, another musician,

[1626:42] Speaker 2: you're producing something, I

[1627:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: can do whatever they want, I think you just, that's an area I'm going to explore. I always sometimes feel bad about what people use, the things that I do for, you know, the stuff I teach right now, you could totally use it to like start a cult. And it wouldn't, and like take advantage of people. Because it's so good at like how you connect with and like, and I would not recommend any of y'all here start a cult and take advantage of people, please don't do that. But I know that like it could be used for that. And I'm not responsible, I've made peace of that I'm not responsible. If somebody does that. Right. You know, I remember when I first mentors in the space, Danny Johnson, she would say that she's like, this information, her stuff was a lot more culty to than I would care to admit. But like she taught, she's like a lot of this can be used to like, take advantage of people, please don't use it for that. And I will say the people she attracted, we're not the people that would use it for that. Which is good. But it could be and it can be and when you really understand sales and persuasion, and marketing. It it's the same stuff that a con man uses to con people. But I'll tell you this, we live in a world today where you're not going to get away with fraud very, very well. Right? People are a lot more savvy to fraud today than they even were two years ago. And that's I think that's a good thing. It's a leveling of the playing field. And it's really purifying a lot of the space that we're in right now, in coaching, a lot of the bad actors are getting sniffed out really quickly.

[1656:16] Speaker 2: Right? That's definitely I think it all comes down to intention and what your intention is in what you're doing. And when you remain clear, and I mentioned that you want to help people, then that's it. That's all that there is. And I know all of

[1659:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: us our intention is pure, and it's good. And it's it's it's to do the right thing. And to help people and have a positive impact on the world and to make a whole heck of a lot of money doing so, you know, it's beautiful to be able to literally go on a vacation and drop $100,000 on a vacation and not worry about where that money came from. Right or feel like you wasted it. You know, as far as that goes, that's an amazing experience that I hope every single person here gets to experience. Yeah, you know, so there you go. Awesome. I always love talking with you, David. Yeah, I should have you on my podcast. Yeah, we'd love that. That'd be great. I'll, I'll have my person send you send you a message. I think I think there's somebody I think Sue, I was supposed to have her on a podcast too, as well. If anybody wants to talk about being on one of my podcast episodes, let me know as well. I'd love to pull from some of our clients and then have different conversations and as well amplify what you guys do to help promote you through that, which is awesome. So yeah, that's great. Very cool. All right. Any other any other questions here? Today, I noticed it really helps encourage by having like a q&a post. So I think I'm gonna make a q&a post where y'all can submit q&a questions over the next week leading up to our q&a Next week. And then we'll do that from there. Robin, what's up my friend? How are you?

[1685:40] Speaker 5: Hey, good to see you always learning and learning. Yeah, so I've gotten a lot of clarity about my niche, and I feel really good about it. For the last three years, I've been the full time breadwinner, as well as caring for my husband full time, he had a series of medical events and became disabled and I've had so many customers interact. I know you're,

[1691:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're a true saint is what you are. Well,

[1692:26] Speaker 5: thank you, my friend. But I mean

[1693:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: that that's hard to do, especially for a husband or a wife for either to do that. It

[1695:53] Speaker 5: is and the masculine feminine energy, you weren't really want to watch that, because it can get reversed. Because totally Yeah, doing all these guys things. So what we're where I got this inspiration is in the middle of just doing a gob of training and coaching and communications, I would have customers say, Oh, my God, how do you if I shared after a while when I had developed a relationship with a client, they would say, Oh, my God, how do you stay so positive? Like how do you stay so functional? Like, on paper, you should be a total disaster. And you're like serving me every day? How do you do this? And so I actually started thinking, well, actually, there's a very specific percent

[1706:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I resonate with that right there me as well. Totally. Yeah.

[1707:44] Speaker 5: Yes, yes, it but there's very specific tools and techniques and strategies and ways that are modalities that are that are helping me. And so that's my thing is I'm creating a membership to teach caregivers how to care for themselves with my specific road tested tools.

[1713:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have had a number of caregivers come in here and not create an offer idea that is that good before? You're the first one that I'd say that's a really good idea. Well, thank you. Because I, ya know, I mean that because I've had a number of people there in the caregiving space. And if you're in that space, they're like, Well, I want to help other caregivers get more clients. And I'm like, Oh, that's a tough one to sell. That's a really tough one to get them to buy into. But what you just tapped into, that's the real one is caring for themselves, addressing caregiver burnout, and how to care for others better, because I think that's they already know how to do that. Well, I correct. But they struggle with taking care of themselves. Correct.

[1726:06] Speaker 5: So that's my thing is, is I'm writing the thing I wish I had had three years ago.

[1728:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want you all to take notes right now. That was like a bomb for everybody that's here. Think about what is the thing that you wish you had three 510 15 years ago? That's a hint, or a clue as to what you can monetize and make six figures with because there are at least 1000 people out there that wish they had that two and our brain for it today. Yep. And you're so you're, you're such a you have such a gift and articulating your thoughts. Well, Robin, thank you in the spoken word.

[1738:28] Speaker 5: It feels so good to hear. Thank you. Yeah, so my question today Obi Wan, is I wish Well, Your Honor, Obi Wan just own it. I mean,

[1742:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I feel more like Anakin Skywalker, but not the Darth Vader side of things. Right? Or like Kylo Ren, like when he became better, you know, like, at the very end like Kylo like that's yes, that's how I more resonate with those two I'd say Obi Wan is what I would aspire to be more like but I'm, well I'm a bit more Anakin Kylo Ren, probably okay.

[1748:41] Speaker 5: You know yourself. You know, the the hard adage in the coaching world is our clients are the experts in their own life. They know what they need to do. And we just give them tools and they pick it like a cafeteria. So you're the expert. So my question today is like, I'm really passionate about this. And but I have so I'm like when I get inspired. I'm being really diligent to like, stop and record. But I'm at the very beginning like I don't know what to do with it stuff I'm recording. So do I save it for my membership content? Do I post it on Insta? Do I post it do I I got so I'm thinking podcast so like, it's like, there are some things one thing I really noticed you He has an expertise in something. They are things that to them seem like so captain obvious that they might not tell someone to do it because they assume it should be done. So they usually the things you really should vulnerable and say I say, yeah, it might seem super captain obvious to you. But for me like, do I first do like a basic landing page with my name with home about whatever do I do? Offer page separate and like get those pages built out before I launch them? Do I like I need to change my all this happened right after we got married. So like all my social media still in my maiden name because I had to just check out of all that because real life is demanding so much of me. So I need to change my name on social. There's just so many. I have all this content and all this passion, but I don't know where to publish it because I need to build my structure. So what should I do first? Well,

[1774:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: the beauty, the beautiful thing is that everything has gotten a lot easier in the last six months when it comes to that side of things. It was it got way too complicated there for about four or five years. And there was a way that we used to do things about eight years ago, that worked really well. And then it stopped working. And it pissed me off because I was like I knew exactly what worked well. Now all the stuff from eight years ago has circled back around because everybody got burnt out on all this stuff that. So now all the stuff that's been working for the last four years doesn't work anymore. And we're going back to what we were doing eight years ago. That's the cycle of content creation. By the way, it's not like a four year cycle. Where it's like, you got to do all these things. And it's overwhelming and then simplify. So we're now in a simplifying consolidation stage. Whereas do the simple stuff. And less is more, which is really cool. So like, one video a day on your social media is great. Just just a 62nd blurb that you're feeling on your heart. And so like something that just like lights you on fire for these caregivers about about self care. Just record that real quick. And that can be a post that day. And then as you start having thoughts and ideas for them. I've been doing this for a while now and it's been working well is I will I'll just make like an Instagram story with like some texts that I really like. And then I'll screenshot it. And then I'll share that on like my Instagram and stuff like that. So I got like, some of these text posts I got. And then I got like one video and I and I'm not editing the long form ones anymore. I'm sending them to my video editor to do this. I can do this myself just with the captions app. Like I recorded one today, right here where I was just with Halston walking. And it's a quick 62nd video where I was talking about what I do and how I work and how much I'm working. Right there.

[1809:37] Speaker 5: And it's already getting the little boy face and not the baby face. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah,

[1810:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: he is. I mean, look, this is him. This is him watching TV last night. He's like, looks like he's like a teenager right there that half.

[1814:51] Speaker 5: So I know, well. 26. And I still get the same Google feeling that you're feeling. Yeah.

[1816:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: So but all that to say I just I got inspired while I was going on a walk with him. I had like 60 seconds. I processed it in my mind before I press record. And then I just kind of press record 60 seconds. And then I'm that's going to be a post for my social media. And then I've been doing these like, Well, I'm just going to talk on a topic, a micro webinar. And I've been posting those a couple of times a week to YouTube. Okay, so I started doing that last week, to where basically, I'll take like one topic that I could teach a paid webinar on. But instead, I'll remove the intro part of it just teach the main part and the call to action as I'm telling them all to either join my waiting list or sign up for a free training that I might have that they can sign up for on my website. And it's like a micro webinar on my YouTube and then those are really the only two forms of content that I'm creating right now. Are these like short 62nd clips, one piece of content. I might write some text on an Instagram story, screenshot it, crop it and then share that with a caption.

[1834:29] Speaker 5: Okay, there press the pause button for one minute. Yeah. So I just heard you saying micro webinar for a free training to sign up for on my website. I haven't built a website yet again. I know it seems Captain Obvious. Should I do that first. So I have a place to send people to. I have so much excitement to You but I really need to give myself a checklist and get busy like implementing.

[1841:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. So and that's where the that's where like I said, we're reorganizing the courses in the members area, on the six steps to six figures course helps with that a lot to kind of give you those steps.

[1845:06] Speaker 5: So again, three day with you, that was amazing. Yeah. And

[1846:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was like a micro version. But again, the purpose behind the three day is to get people to purchase the accelerator. So even though there's a lot of amazing content in it, it really barely scratched the surface on what you actually have to do.

[1849:51] Speaker 5: And that's so bad because I wasn't really clear on what I needed to do. No,

[1851:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, don't feel bad. That's kind of by design, because I don't want people to be in here and then started asking the questions, and then we started unpacking it. So again, that's by design. As far as that goes, I made a mistake with that the content was great, but I didn't, I didn't actually market it as well as I should have. Because I didn't utilize certain language that I was using, like six to 12 months ago that I'm going to go back to using, and it's going to pop again. But I'm condensing the three day down to a two hour webinar now. So I'm only doing one webinar this month. I'm just doing a two hour webinar where I take those three days, and I teach it in two hours. I'm creating the landing page this week, you're gonna see me launch it out to people. So that's where watch, like, what I do is I create a landing page on Squarespace that has like a graphic at the top, some sales copy, and people sign up with their email address, and then there'll be like a $17, VIP upgrade. And then I'll use that to sell people on the program. My next intention, though, is to make it to where it's all just pre recorded, where they just sign up for, hey, I did a training, I'll literally run an ad say, Hey, I did a training, go download it right now. It's a pre recorded training. And then it's just selling people on my program on autopilot that way. As far as that goes. So the goal is you want people to sign up for some kind of something with their email address, whether it be a waiting list for something that you're going to sell them, or they're signing up for a training that they're only going to get after they give you their email address. And then you want to have usually some bonuses either that you give away for free or a paid upgrade that you give them as bonuses. But all roads from their lead to buying a paid program that you have that will cost at least $500 are more. So what's cool is before they invest $500, you can give away as much content as you want to really help serve people, but you really want to it to build the tension and excitement of like, okay, I know what I need to do. But you want to bring people right to the point of the only way to get clarity on what the next step is, is to make the purchase with you. And so then that's where then they end up joining your paid program, they end up getting clarity by getting into that paid ecosystem. And then that's where you're really providing that depth of value. And you're like you're giving it all away in the paid for like in here, I give it all away. The mistake that I've made over the last year and a half in this program. And this and we're fixing this right now is it's not organized very well. And so that's where you're running into this, this sort of roadblock right now, Robin, as we've not organized it well. And so we're about to like reorganize everything here in the next week or so in the back end of the membership site and create better like structure to like where to start for everybody who comes in. And what I'm excited for is now my confidence level in selling that product is going to go through the roof, because I have actually found that I have not felt as confident in the last six months at selling this program. Because I know that it's organization isn't that well. So I know the value is there, but I really want to make sure I'm selling something I feel proud of now. So I've gone ahead I've created this whole monster that's the accelerator program. But now I'm going back and I'm like I'm putting it on the right shelf so people know where to find it. The way I liken it to the accelerator is this we have like literally it's a goldmine but like you got to dig through like a warehouse to find the gold you're looking for. So I need to put it like on display at the front of the store when people walk in. You know, think about that. I actually went and bought this is a great example. My wife was craving these almond Haagen DAAS ice cream bars. They taste so good. They do. Target said they had 12 of them in stock, I go, I went on all the aisles, none of them, the guy had to go in the back and pull it off of a pallet for me to find it. And they were on sale. And I'm like, that's literally probably what the accelerator is like, like we have it, the info is here. But you got to like dig through like a lot to find it. So I'm fixing that part of it in the accelerator to make it to where the gold becomes a lot easier to find for everybody. And, but Robin, like, for instance, you're a great example of just even talking to you. I want like 1000 Robins in this program. Because if that's the case, I know I can help people that are just like you make a ton of money. Because I because I think you've got all the pieces, you got the charisma, I can tell, you have the confidence, you have the information, you have the clarity of articulation, all you got to do is put those together and find your tribe to get them to see what I see right now.

[1937:52] Speaker 5: Does that make sense? Your mouth to God's ears?

[1938:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: There you go. Well, no. And I mean it though I don't say that lightly. Let me tell you this. There's a bunch of people who are on this call, I don't say that about everybody who's on here just to just to puff people up. I say that when I really like recognize the people who have it. I'll tell you this, I think everybody who's in this program has the potential to get there. But not everybody's there yet. And that's not that's not a that's not a criticism of anybody who's in the program here. But there are some people who are closer to that than then than others. And Robin, I think that you're, you're there. Right now, we just got to get the pieces together to market you better. So thank you. That's what I love. Because that's what my goal has been is to, as I really want to attract the people that like they're there already. And I don't need to like, get them there yet, to where they got the articulation, they got the information, they got the experience, they've been through hell and back. I want to find people who've been through hell and back, and then they can tell their story with confidence. Right. Now I'll tell you all this, I'll tell everybody who's here, I think all of you have been through hell and back. And we got to get you to where you can tell your story with confidence, and then package it in a way that people want to buy. So that then you can market an offer that you can charge 500 to $1,000 for because it transforms people's lives. And you're saving them 10s of 1000s and even hundreds of 1000s of dollars and headaches and lost life. I can tell you this Robin, your caregivers that you're going to help, you're going to save them way more than $500 in the headaches, way more than $1,000 in headaches with what you're going to offer them. You know. And so what that is, is that's where we get to amplify that value is to show them hey, listen, by investing 500 or $1,000 with Robin or even 2000 or 5000 it's gonna save you way more than that and what and potential last time revenue, happiness, joy, fulfillment, all of that. You know, I just got done we just got done on a cruise ship again, I just I look at the monetization that Disney does. They're really good at how they price things. They make their most amount of money on these cruise lines. They charge $5,000 for a nice stateroom and like 30,000 for the suite and people will pay it the right people will and they're not and they don't discount that at all. And they're booked like crazy these cruise ships are and yet what is Disney's entry level product it's 699 Disney plus they pull you in with the stories they've been marketing this to people with their amusement parks and amusement park ticket is like $500 That's a lot of money for for a day standing in line in the heat. And then if you want the Fast Pass, you're going to spend another like $1,000 Right. It's the same type of pricing that we do for our for our coaching is what Disney's doing for their amusement parks and their experiences. But they market to people with their TV shows and with their movies and with a with a $10 ticket and the popcorn and and maybe a $50 toy that you go buy your kid at at Nordstrom, right. My son has a little Tigger that we bought on those 50 bucks at Nordstrom, so overpriced for a stuffed animal, but it's his favorite. He loves it. And so there you go, right. So it's worth it because of the joy that it brought to the Halston space. I bought on this little $12 Mickey and many people mover toy from the Disney Store at the Orlando airport because he was obsessed with it, and I just saw the joy that it brought to his face, right? That's when you can, we can read that. And then you translate that same energy to your business. You create products that people want that are irresistible, that they're willing to spend anything for. Because of the because of what they get out of it. And selling joy and memories is one of the hardest things to do. But Disney does it really well. And so you can reverse engineer that right back into selling something a little bit more tangible, like caregiving caregivers that take care of themselves. Which is way more tangible than selling, you know, happiness with a mouse. You know, it's like, I just think about that, like that's like, there really is like the magic of Disney, it's all comes through storytelling is what it is. Music is that the music industry? Same thing, why would How would I when I was DJing, be able to get 1000 people into a room in a nightclub and spend all night and spend hundreds of dollars on alcohol at the venue. These venues would make 200 $300,000 off of us promoting an event there. Because of the the laughter and the joy and the experience, people would feel and then translating that same thing into hosting a webinar, I want it to be an exciting experience, where they want to now invest $200 a month into spending time with me to help come alongside you and build your business. So that's what I'm selling in my business. And so translate all of that every single person here who is in the accelerated program can translate what I just said into your experience to draw people in, and to create something that people like, don't just want to invest in, but like they're begging you to buy from you. And then and it all comes from telling your story. And then merging that with their story. And creating that whole experience in the way that you market. So it gets all tangible with all the tech stuff. We got the landing pages, we got the ads, we got all that. And that can get a bit squirrely and overwhelming. And when we get all these things, and all this boils down to how do you connect with other people you know, and so that's why I say a simple Squarespace page. I love Squarespace, just a simple Squarespace landing page that people can sign up with. There's a course in the members area called funnel building made easy with Squarespace and it breaks down the the easiest way to kind of build out a funnel for your offer in Squarespace that you want to do. So there you go. All right, you. Yeah, awesome. So hopefully that was helpful. I kind of answered a bunch of different questions for you as far as that goes. But yes, all right, everybody. I'm gonna head out here. We're at the top of our hour. This was a great conversation, great content, again, super validated to me just that we're headed in the right direction with everything. What I look for from feedback is just that, like people like Robin are joining our program through our events. That means we're on the right track. People like Tiffany are like you're reading my mail, you know exactly what I needed. Perfect. I want 1000 People like Tiffany in here. I want 1000 People like Dana in here. I know I know Dana's resonating with what I'm talking about. I felt like I was talking to Dana a lot today, too. I know she was in the background, but I know I can feel it a little bit. I can feel the energy there as far as that go. So awesome. All right, everybody. I'll see y'all are live q&a As far as that goes. Next week, next next Monday, and I'm gonna make a post where you can submit your q&a. Also, we have a live copywriting call on Thursday. So we get to spend some time on Thursday together to go over your ads, your sales, copy, your funnels, all of that. So we got a little bit of extra time here this week to do that. I will see y'all on Thursday. You can submit some questions. I'll make a post and I'll send an email out about submitting questions. We're going to test that out. We're going to trial that out a little bit again this week for you before the q&a next week. See if we can streamline some things and get a lot of answered quickly. Alright, everybody, have a good one. Talk soon.

