CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-01-01T21:03:19.000Z
Duration: 146 min
Otter ID: dwMijXotTi9AL_Gug6VvGF-HPFA
---

[4:00] Speaker 0: All right let's do this

[8:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: hello, hello. Hello. Happy New Year everybody. Thanks, everybody. Thanks for being out here. What's up? Denise? How are you? I'm well Happy New Year. It's good to be back. Happy, happy New Year. All right, let's see CGA live training. Bonus live on zoom here. I'm gonna go in the Facebook group. There we go. All right. Awesome. All right, we are going live in the group. Well, how was everybody's holiday? How are we doing? Do we have a great time? Maybe it's hard for some people to I know holidays can also be can be hard sell. Let's see, we were watching the Nashville country, New Year's show because it was way better than the one in New York country music show in Nashville. Which is awesome. All right. So today is, again, for those that are new members today, if you're watching this either on Facebook, if you're watching this on Facebook, there's a there should be a zoom link. For you to access. If you want to join us on Zoom. I pasted that in there. It's in the Facebook group if you want to stream it in there. For those of you that are on here live, the way that today's format works is let me get my my notes up here. The way that today's format works is it's going to be a live training. And so what that means is that I have content that I have compiled that I put together that I want to share that I want to talk about. That pertains to where we're I think everybody is at that's in this program where everybody's at, that's in this group. And so the way that we do it is again, and I think we mentioned this a little bit on our on our jumpstart call is that we do we alternate to where the live Monday is we do so today is the live training, where I'm going to be training. And then we take q&a At the end, which will be kind of the second hour of today. And then next week is just q&a. There's not particularly a training that I bring to people. So this is like a group, sort of if we were gonna say like each every other week is like a State of the Union type of a, a like we gather everybody and I share that and I talk about stuff for the group. Now as far as and this is where I think there might be a little bit of some confusion for some people. So I just, I always start every time we get together to reiterate this that way it's not as confusing in the members area is where you access any recorded content. Okay. And so like the training, the live Monday trainings that we do as well as the copywriting calls ole ole go here under accelerator, monthly archives. Okay, so that's where you're going to find we have our live q&a right here they're all they get we have bullet points as to what was talked about during each session we don't have December 26 why because the gal who does that has been out of town for the last 10 days so she's going to add that here soon. And then our jumpstart training also goes right here under kleingers accelerator start here. So if you missed our jumpstart that we just did it was really good. It's right here over in the members area you can access that jumpstart training that we did it's right here where I talk about how to jumpstart and again you know if you're if you're here watching this today and you're like hey I want to jumpstart I want to kickstart my business I want to kickstart my my journey as far as coaching and mentoring and using this program. This training right here is going to be very very helpful for you. How do you find those again, members dot Jeremiah Krakowski dot Come, we send emails out, I think you got those emails, if you don't receive the emails that have the links to the Zoom calls, contact our client care team, they are also posted in the Facebook group. And so the Facebook group as well is the place where you can go that is kind of a hub for everything that's here, right now, as far as we got right here. This was posted yesterday morning, reminder about today's training, we have the live schedule. And so if you're ever like, hey, when is things happening, that's going to be attached here right at the top here in the group. So that's just kind of a reminder as far as that goes as far as how to access that content, how to access all those, those different types of things that are on here. So anyways, Happy New Year, everybody. Welcome in my my, my zoom window has given me a little bit it's not letting me stop sharing. And I think I think my Zoom is about to crash. So I'm gonna come back on. And just

[100:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: as, can you hear me, you can hear me now. Could you hear me the whole like five minutes I was talking before? Okay, cool. Awesome. Yeah, it seems like sometimes when I'm sharing the screen, and the screen is really large, it it has a little bit of trouble coming back, that hasn't been the case, I'm gonna have to look at the error logs as to why that's happening. All right. So like I said, today is the live training day next week will be the live q&a. And then there's sort of a secondary part to this as far as we have the recorded classes in the members area. And each of those classes has checklists that we've added to them. We're also teaching new courses every single month. So right now, new lessons for these new courses get posted every Friday. And so right now, I just finished a course on Facebook pixel, we just finished a course on content creation and one on one sales, we are just starting a course on what I call forbidden advertising, navigating advertising restrictions, things where they might not allow you to run ads, or they might block you or prevent you from running ads, as well as by request from a lot of people how to build your funnel out in systemic IO. I know we teach Squarespace we teach Thinkific. And all of this istemi IO is another platform that we've had a lot of people asking and requesting so that those are recorded classes. They're not taught live, they are recordings, I usually record them either on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday. And then we upload them in the members area. We also share them in the Facebook group right here. See, here's the lesson two, forbidden advertising. I'm wearing my Dale Earnhardt hat right there. And then this is the lesson for the funnel building class right here. But then you can find the recordings to them, there's always going to be a link to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com One of the biggest things that I'm just going to encourage you with is is I don't know if disciplining yourself is really the right word. But I've gotten some feedback from some people where they, okay, I don't think I'm gonna be able to share my screen much at all during this class day. So this is this is unfortunate.

[143:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: In a year and a half of hosting these, I've never had this happen where it's crashed twice now in one session. So this is the first time that that's ever happened. We'll look into what is actually causing that as far as that goes. Because obviously a I'm annoyed by it, and I'm sure you are too. If I knew how to solve it, I would have already solved. So alright, so as far as like going into the new year, some things that I just want to I just want to share with you have to do with. And by the way, this is not going to be a rah rah like New Year's training at all. This is not going to be one of those, like casting vision for the New Year type training. I think I think a lot of people that are in this group, I think you're past that point. And I think it would be doing you a disservice and be kind of disrespectful to you if we spent all morning doing that right now. And so what I want to do is I actually want to go to work and I want to move past that to the next stage where I think everybody's at where it's LED. put into practice the things that we've been working on. Maybe you're looking for a rah rah New Year training, again, I'm going to share my screen because I don't want it to crash. But I did add into one of the classes where it says the private virtual event vault, I added the two trainings that are part of my New Year's bundle. So if you're looking for some kind of a, like, let's set goals for the New Year type training, that's probably going to be it for you, you're going to find those recorded in the members area, what I want to talk about here today is something that's going to take you to the next level, for those that have the maturity, to be able to put into practice things that are going to make you a lot of money. And one of the biggest things that I see, and there's no tonight, like there's no polite way to say this. So I'm just going to point the finger at myself and say this is that the number one thing that I see that most coaches and mentors need to grow in. And by the way, in my experience of the last, oh, 20 years working with coaches, trainers and mentors, working with them to build their coaching businesses, I have found that the majority of the ones that I have met, think that they don't need to work on this area. So this is where it's, it's an interesting dynamic is that most people, especially when they're in this industry, they they ignore what I'm about to share here today, and I've not touched on this topic. Very much at all, I've spent the last week really studying it and researching it, and going deep into okay, what causes this? How can we improve it? How can we fix it. And again, I'm not going to come out the gate and tell you exactly what it is. Right now, like in this second, I'm not going to like frame it, like I'm gonna teach you this, because I have to kind of build the foundation of it. Because what I've noticed is most people shut their ears off to listen to what I'm about to say because they believe it's irrelevant to them. And they believe that they do not need to hear it. And they believe that they are already extremely skilled in this area. But then when we look at the results in their life, and in their business, the evidence points otherwise. And so I want to paint a picture of you as far as this goes, Okay, there's two people, there's two types of coaches and mentors and trainers that are out there. Okay. The number one first type right here is the it's very rare, by the way to be this type right here. And this is the one that is very financially successful. And by the way, I'm not going to be talking about taking action or doing the hard things or things like that at all today. Because actually, I think that a lot of you are already doing a lot of that. But I think that you might be working 10 times harder than you need to. Because of this one thing that I'm going to be sharing with you. Now the other group of coaches and mentors, is, and this is who's in this group, is they they actually impact people, they have a really great message, but they're not making the kind of money they want to make. And they're working 10 times harder than they need to right. Now there's a third group and generally this group is not in our accelerator, to where they're just not even doing anything. And they're just like, they have a dream to do something, but they just kind of don't show up. And so like if you're watching this training here today, just by the fact that you're watching this, you probably don't fit into that last third category, right? The fact that you're here means that you you are you're willing to do the hard things, you're willing to step out there, you're willing to build stuff. The problem that I noticed that that's the gap between these two. And it's very crazy to me because I thought that I was really good at this. In the beginning of my business. I thought that I was really skilled in this area. And then when it came down to the results I was producing it was very evident that I didn't know what I was doing. Yet I arrogantly believed that I was probably one of the best in the world at this. And so it's very interesting that I've noticed that most coaches and mentors actually think that they're really really really really really good at what I'm about to share with you that you need to grow in and here's the crazy part about it. Is that on my like my free trainings that I do and my VIPs if I point this one thing out, I can almost guarantee you that people get defensive, angry. I pointed this out to a lady six months ago and her response Somebody was, how dare you assume that I ever need help in that area. So the reactivity even that comes up inside of us, when we hear about this is very interesting. So I want I'm I'm framing this in this way to be to become self aware, if what I'm about to say you become reactive defensive, feel like it doesn't matter to your situation or your business. Now, I will say this, I will say there are a few people here, who I think, are skilled in this area, and they just more need the strategy. But this is for like, 95% of people are really bad at this. And the reason why is because of the language that's actually used to describe what it is. It's the ability to

[257:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: use the words that you write, and say, verbally, to get people to not just do the things that they should do that you want, not just to get what you want. But the fact that even like, where I found that this comes up as misunderstanding, happens often. And here's how a misunderstanding like this goes is that you might be selling a course or a coaching program. And somebody else filters it through what they think you mean. And you have an established years of how you've been teaching stuff and doing this. And I'm actually really excited to share this right now. Because this is one of the number one areas when I've worked with a lot of especially like, I worked with a lot of ministries, Christian ministries, and it's the number one area that they told me, Jeremiah, we don't need help in this area. And then eventually, they came back and they're like, oh, that's why we can't get people to actually like join our programs. And so it's like, usually is like some kind of a leader is like, Oh, I've been teaching on stage for years. And I have followers and they love what I do. And I hear amazing feedback from people. So I don't need to change in this area. It's it's, it's boiled down to really two words that mean very different things, but they're connected to each other is the ability to connect with the hearts of somebody, and to communicate with them with the words that we write, and what we say what we mean so that they understand the same thing that we mean by it. So that we're on the same page together. And what I often see happens is that people might be, they might think they're very good at connecting and communicating. But the people that they're connecting, communicating with our hearing a very different message than they think they're delivering. And this affects not just our coaching, I actually think in the coaching part of the business, in the coaching part of the business. This is like the least important an area. It's actually usually everything that's surrounding the coaching part of the business. It's how you communicate with your team members. It's how you communicate with your family, with your friends, and with yourself as well. And one thing that I've noticed is I have I have seen a lot of times where people will have a goal in their business, and they want to start delegating to staff members or people that are out there. And they immediately are like, Oh, well, that person said they can't do this or that person said that they're not able to do this or that person didn't produce the result that I want. And oftentimes, people get upset that quote unquote, people aren't doing what they want. Or you teach a message or coach people and people are not doing the thing. They say they need a result in this way. You give them the outcome and then they don't do the thing that you coach on. And so the reason for this is that what we think we are communicating with people is not actually connecting. And we're not on the same page with the people that we're actually communicating with. We're not actually they're not understanding us the way that we think that they should understand us. Here's a great example of this, okay? Is that if I, if I reach out to somebody and I say, Hey, can you help me create my landing page. And the person understands based on their own understanding what they think you mean by that, and then they might respond and say, Oh, well, I don't do landing pages, when the fact is that they do do landing pages, but they don't understand it, the way you're describing it, this is a great example of this, or the person is like, hey, I want to set up a few, you tell somebody, Hey, let's set up this funnel that does this. So let me just share with you a story about this. And I learned this because I was working with a team at a university. And I was the marketing director of 12 employees. And I was in charge of all the marketing that 500 employees would bring to me. And the problem was, is that I was not understanding any of the requests that were being made to me. And then our staff wasn't understanding any of the direction I was giving them. And this is one of the greatest breakdowns when it comes to delegation is that oftentimes, when we're delegating, we're not using the words that people actually connect with. We're not using the words that describe what we mean. Let's say you reach out to somebody and you say, Hey, I heard you do video editing, I need you to do this, this, this, this and this. And the person says, Well, I don't do that. And so then you say, well, they said, they don't do that. Well, the fact is, their understanding of what you wanted was actually different than what they do. And what you understood that they do is different. And so it creates this sort of schism, where it seems like nobody out there can help us, we're not getting the help that we need. Whenever we ask for help. Whenever we ask for questions, we're not getting what we want. And then what's funny is, when we start trying to build our business, we get very frustrated, you want to see, and you want to know another area where this comes to place is with using chat GPT with using AI, is that we think that we're asking it to do something based on our understanding, but we're not understanding how it responds. And so I think I actually learned how to lead people. And anytime you're leading somebody, anytime you're coaching somebody, oh, and by the way, why does this have anything to do with you making money because when you are delivering a webinar, when you're creating a webinar your goal, and this is why people who struggle to make money and those who make money understand the difference in this. This is what I saw happen, oftentimes, and I would work with a lot of leaders where they would do this, they would they would have a following possibly have even like 10,000 people that they would follow, okay, like, just they love their message, they understand them, anything they say, is just gold. And they're these leaders and they and they're basically just working inside of this group that understands them and knows them, then when they go out there and they ran ad campaigns or they ran a webinar or they ran a training upsell. The difference is these people trust you. Trust is already built here, okay? How you communicate with the people who already trust you is different than those who you are a total stranger to why? Because they only hear you through the lens of their understanding. And when I see that a lot of coaches and mentors do is they bring their language that they use over here to all these people and their ads and their webinars and their free trainings. And no sales, nobody shows up nobody registers and then and then we get disappointed. Like I put so much effort into my offer and my advertising and doing all this nobody shows up advertising doesn't work. Marketing doesn't work. This stuff just doesn't work for people like me. No, it's actually the words that you're using. aren't connecting, and actually communicating and getting deeper into the heart of the people that you're looking to connect with. And this is why again, this like like I said at the beginning of this and I even understand whether you're watching the recording, maybe you're here live you may think you're not dealing with this area. And I actually think the greatest indicator of knowing if you're dealing with this area or not is how much money your coaching and mentoring business is making. You wonder why you don't know how I know that you wonder what evidence I have for that arrogant statement. Because the people that I know who make the most amount of money figured out what they were not communicating In their ads and their webinars in their training, my income has gone up at each level, when I figure out how I'm communicating in a way that I think people understand, but they don't actually understand how I think I'm communicating in a way that my prospects will connect with. And yet they don't connect with it. And like I said, when I, when I shared this with a group about six months ago, the lady's response was like, How dare you assume that I don't know how to communicate with people? How dare you assume that somebody of my caliber of success $20 million business doesn't know how to communicate with people? What a piece of arrogant crap you are. And that was the response I actually got. And I've gotten that from a lot of people who are very successful. I've had a lot of people who have a lot of money in their bank account in one industry, right. And then when I teach this, they get very offended. They're like, Jeremiah, I don't know, I think you're smoking crack you tabacky saying this? And I'm like,

[418:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are you are you making money in your coaching and mentoring business, in the online space, because I think that's, let's talk about the realm where I have the most experience. And that's, and that's why you're here right now, as again, I would and by the way, this lady who got really offended, she has like, awards up the wazoo in her field of expertise. Like so many awards for how amazing excellent, the best top of her field expert, she is, in one area that she wants to bring in and coach people in. But she can't get anybody to even opt in with their email address to sign up with her. Because she's using language that people online don't understand, because all of her clients have all been word of mouth. And this is where it becomes very, very sneaky, especially if you have a lot of success is that sometimes that success you have does not translate to the online space, the way that we think that it will. So we got to find what is the book that translates to the online space as far as where people are at. And what we need to do is we need to take personal responsibility for the fact that people are not buying from us. People are not registering for our webinars, people are not showing up at our webinars. We got to take personal responsibility for the fact that if you don't even have your funnel built, maybe the team members that you're communicating with don't understand what you're asking them to build. Maybe you're not asking the right questions of chat GPT to get the output. Maybe you're not asking the right questions, even in a setting like this to get the understanding I've had this happen, where somebody's like, Hey, can you review my copy? And then they wanted me to do something like completely different. And then they're like, Well, you told me to do it this way. And it didn't work. And I'm like, Okay, there's new understanding now that I have that I didn't have four weeks ago. And so that's why my my feedback is actually different based on that new understanding, based on that new learning based on that new knowledge based on that new information. And I'm telling you this. I want to honor everybody who has the humility to hear what I'm sharing right now, because it shows that you have what it takes to be successful. Because I know that I know that I know, this has been an area that I have been tiptoeing around, I would say for about a year and a half, possibly for six years in my own business. This is one of those areas that I have cried, more nights of sadness for the hearts of the clients that I work with, is like if they could just see what they don't see right now, if they could just see this blind spot, that it's that they might be great communicators already. And then you don't want to know what I had to do. I had to get humble enough to say Jeremiah, maybe you're not the best communicator at communicating this with people. And I had to and I had to go to work and do that. And I actually spent the last week and I'm going to continue to to read I so what I did was I actually found what are the top books that are out there about this topic about the words that we say how do we do that? What are those points as far as that goes? One of the biggest ones is that sometimes the words that we say just don't have the same meaning with other people. And I think that that's where it is it is the real breakdown is is is that we think we have a definition in our mind if we understand language Language is a tool. Language is one of the most powerful tools that we have at our disposal. Other people don't always have the same understanding of language that we do, even if we speak the same language. For 99% of people, this isn't the case, it doesn't matter. For most areas of their life, it doesn't even matter. You can people go through their whole life, work a job, do all that whatever. You know, if I look at a lot of the breakdowns inside of companies as to why they struggle to grow, or conflict happens is that there's just a disconnect in the conversations and communications and understanding and connection that people make with the words that they're saying. And sometimes, it takes a level of humility for all of us to say, if I'm not having the kind of success that I want to have today, there might be a breakdown in this, you want to know one of the number one areas where this breakdown happens. We're trying to look smart to people. We're trying to validate that we know what we're doing, we're trying to sound like we got great information. We're because we have a culture in a society that has attached our self worth to our level of demonstrated knowledge. We have a society that has attached our level of self worth, to our ability to look like we have it all together to appear like we have it all figured out. And so that we end up using words that we understand that are smart words. And what I see is that we end up talking as if we're talking to colleagues, we ended up talking as if we're talking to people that are already at the same level or above where we're at already. So generally, like if you're talking to people that already have the understanding, like beneath said industry jargon that you understand or they're above or past where you're at, they usually understand it, but when you're dealing with team members, a they're not going to understand all the stuff that you know up here. So you got to break it down in a way that they understand when you're marketing to people when you're selling when you're writing sales copy. The words that you use shouldn't cannot be industry jargon, they need to be simplified words. And here's one of the number one negative feedbacks I've gotten to this from people as they're like, Well, I don't want to sound like I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't want to sound like I'm not skilled in this area trying to defend themselves against the judgment of colleagues or people that are around them that might criticize Oh, well, you know, I wouldn't have said it that way or things like that. Well, here's the thing. This is where I think that there's a huge breakdown and a disconnect when we start getting opinions from other people that are in our industry when it comes to how we market our business. I just I love this example of again, I keep going back to Rick Pino because I just I saw the feedback that came in with him. When he shifted his messaging to become a famous worship leader, get your music heard. He had a lot of people in his industry that were very upset with him that he was using that language. They said that he lost his purity with God. They said that he made money, his idol. We even got a message that said that Jeremiah Krakowski has led you down the devil's path. It was amazing it was it was it was I laughed when I saw that it was great. I was like, oh my goodness, which is funny because Rick's core message with his clients actually didn't change, like the heart behind it never. I don't think it changed even 5% over the course of five years. But the words that he used to connect with his prospects and how he communicated with people changed drastically. And what happened was he was able to connect with more people. He was able to communicate better he was able to find common ground with where people were at. He was able and the word that Rick always used was his goal was always to raise people up to where he's at, to raise them up to the level that he's at. Now. Here's the thing, okay, and like Adele says I'm happy to be misunderstood. Of course. There's like a there's like a juxtaposition of this. Sometimes you're just going to have to become okay with being understood by people. There are people that I'm that that will misunderstand and me all the time that I'm not going to get through to. But there's a side to this where I also have a responsibility to become very well understood by the ones that I meant to work with, by the ones that I met to connect with, and that responsibility lies on me. And so if I'm just getting angry and saying, Well, they're just and listen, I'm not the, I don't like saying, Oh, well, they're just stupid people for I don't really like using that language myself. My mom uses that language a little bit. But I'm like, you know, it's, it's honestly, it's a way more nuanced than that. Because I understand what's what's going on beneath the surface, is they're just probably not at a place to really understand this. But I'm always curious, how can I get better at home communicating with people to help people really understand where I'm coming from better. And I found that the negative feedback that I've gotten has, has decreased to almost zero over the last year.

[575:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I also don't have a lot of people that are probably not as, as much of a like a bad fit for what I'm doing, showing up to listen to me, because I've gotten way clearer, way more transparent at my message. Janelle says it sounds like we need to show vulnerability how much I think a huge level of vulnerability needs to be shown up a huge level of being able to, we'll be taking questions at the end of the hour. That's what today's is, it's the live training that we'll do q&a At the end of the hour. You can also post in the Facebook group about your offers. I think that there's a huge level of vulnerability to say, Hey, maybe I could have gotten better at how I communicated with that team member, maybe I misunderstood them. Maybe the responsibility falls on me and the fact that it's not that they are a bad person that I'm communicating with. It's that I actually could grow in my ability to lead people that I could grow in my ability to communicate my goals, my desires, what I want from people. And I find, again, this this comes to this comes to pass, when we're writing our sales copy when we're creating our ads when we're asking questions of a mentor, or we're asking questions of our staff member when we're asking questions of chat JpT in our sales copy, and how we communicate our sales copy, and in our sales pitch itself. And so again, one of the areas I think there's a number of areas where we can grow this one of those areas is being worried that people are going to misunderstand us misjudge us think bad about us, things like that. Again, it's not always that case, I think the other side of it is that we just think that well, people need to just understand us, and that we don't take a take five seconds to say, Hey, maybe I could have gotten better at how I communicated that with somebody. Maybe it isn't that that's that this team member. And also, we teach a lot about working with team members in the Philippines, we have a whole course on outsourcing the people in the Philippines, their English isn't the same as us in the US. So they actually use a different sentence structure. As far as how they communicate. One of the ways that I've noticed people in the Philippines communicate is that when they have actually completed a task for you that you've asked them to do, they say I've already done this. Thanks. And I used to get I'm like, you didn't already do it. You just did it now Well, that's actually how English translates to them. As I've already done this, thanks. And I was like, okay, and I found another one is people in, in South Africa have a different way that they communicate with English than people in the United States, people in the United Kingdom have a different way. People in Canada have a different way. People in California, New York or Atlanta, Georgia have a different way of communicating the same words that they mean different intention, right? If I say bless your heart, in Texas, it means very different than if I say it in New York City. So it's like the same words can mean very different stuff, depending on where people are at and being willing to say, okay, how can I actually learn how to get better at communicating, making sure that we're on the same page, and this is where as a coach, as a mentor, as a leader, getting better at saying, Hey, did you understand me the same way that I understood this? And one of the ways that we do this is that as I used to get really annoyed by this when leaders would do this to me, and I actually know some people they get annoyed by this, too, is is making sure based on a feedback loop that people are hearing you the same way that you think that you're communicating. This is why oftentimes, I love hosting q&a session As VIP q&a sessions, because I actually get to hear directly how people are hearing my webinar back to me. And if I find that there is the same question coming back that I've already addressed five times in the webinar, let's say that I've already addressed something in the coaching group, and I'm getting the same question coming to me constantly. Okay, it's not that that person is just stupid, and they don't understand anything. No, it's actually that I need to learn a new way to actually connect with that person, I need to communicate with that person better. I need to learn how to do this. And I find that more often than not, this was an area that my mom and I Oh, gosh, I'm going to take you back a little bit back a little ways. When it comes to us building the real change business. This was an area where and you'll know anytime I share something about my mom, about maybe a shortcoming of hers, it's not to make her look bad at all. Understand that. She would hire people. And almost everybody she hired would not work out. And almost all of them would would would come back and say, Oh, I don't do the thing that she asked me to do. And then I would connect with them. And they would be like, yeah, like, how she asked me just didn't make sense. And I said, Well, this is what she was meaning by this. Does this make sense? Like, oh, yeah, like if she had just said it that way, I would have understood it. And so what ended up happening was I ended up taking over my wife and I did a lot of the hiring. And I also did this with with Rick Pitino. And I also do this. As we started taking over a lot of the hiring even with Rick, as we were we would interview people, we would figure out okay, do they understand the scope of the task? Do they understand what's being asked? And I found that a lot of times, if you're getting frustrated with let's say outsourcing, or team members or things like that, it could just be how you're communicating with people. They're not understanding what you think you're communicating and getting better at how you're communicating those words is a big way to actually move things forward. If you find that a lot of times in your life, that people you're having real maybe relationship conflicts with certain people, again, boundaries, has great boundaries is so important, I believe in boundaries. But, you know, I had I had some feedback from people over the years that kept happening. Anytime I would work with a ministry, or Christians. I got labeled as a wolf in sheep's clothing within three months. And they would tell everybody to not work with me. And I figured out what am I communicating that's coming across that way? Well, I'm making it sound like I'm going into these ministries to steal their, their, their, their donations, and, and, and telling them to stop preaching their core message. That's actually how I was being understood by a lot of people. And I had to realize, okay, why are people understanding me through it, because that's not, I'm not. First off, I'm not going into these nonprofits and stealing their money. But for some reason, people seem to think that's what I'm doing. This is very weird. And I'm not telling them to stop their core message at all. But for some reason, they all think that's what I'm telling them to do. So I had to figure out how I was communicating the communications gap as far as that goes. And what it was was, I was just very way too quickly aggressive at telling them what to do in their ministry. So what I actually found was, I stopped telling them what to do the first two times I would talk to them, and I would tell them what to do the third time, only after I asked if I had permission to tell them what I think would be a good fit. And it was the I was literally delivering the same message. But timing was different. And the understanding was complete opposite. The feedback that I was getting was complete opposite. People were applying the things that I was saying they were seeing transformation in their life. And so sometimes it's whether it be the timing of how we say things, whether it be when we say something is, is just understanding that hey, not everybody. Sometimes people need to like you need to paint a picture of how everything goes and how it communicates. And yeah, rapport building was part of it, but I actually found out what it was was because I was coming from the business world. They had a lot of people that were that I think were intending to steal from them. And so I sounded like all the people that had heard them in the past. I sounded like all the people that had that had offended and upset them. And I found that the same thing was happening in my coaching business. Is that I sounded like all these mentors and coaches that didn't have value that didn't that weren't selling quality programs. And then I was getting accused by Pete. Now, here's the thing, not all those accusations do I worry about? Because honestly, I'm like, if you don't have if you're not going through my training, if you're not asked, like showing up to ask me questions, and you're just commenting blindly on a Facebook ad that I'm making. I'll say this negativity on Facebook ads is a good thing. Where I'm cautious about the negativity is once they're in my VIP, or they're in the accelerator program there. That's when I'm like, Okay, is there some validity to this, this is where I, I put more weight and context to the feedback that I'm getting. And again, it's not that I am necessarily a bad person, you know, I've gotten messages from people just,

[736:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, man, I don't even want to share some of the message that I've gotten from some people. It's that it's that how I was communicating, I think was disconnected with people. It's how I was sharing, you know, I used to share with people my story of struggling with alcohol 12 years ago, and by the way, I I don't drink at all anymore. I didn't drink last night I whether you did drink or not, that's fine. It's just like, but I struggled with alcohol. And I had this issue. And I've had people where I've shared that and they've immediately lost all respect for me. And so that they don't feel safe listening to me because I had an alcohol issue. And so, understanding where people are coming from really having a lot of empathy for that, rather than saying, Well, this is my message, and they needed to just get it. There was a flip side to this, there's a balance, because I teach this often. Like don't worry if people hate you don't give a crap if they don't like you. But like, like 100% agree with that. At the same time, we got to be responsible for how like Adele says she had clients who shouldn't feel safe around her because she's a Christian? Well, I would bet she's experienced Christians that have not been safe to be around. And I can tell you, there's plenty of them out there. I don't even you know, most people who share the same faith as me. I don't resonate with at all. I don't even feel safe around a lot of Christians. So I totally understand that. You know, I'm Shands has fascinated on what the balance may be. Well, let's let me let me ask you a little bit about that. Do you mind if I you mind if I understand a little bit about what you mean by the balance and what that means to you?

[767:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, let me give you let me turn it to where you can unmute yourself. Right here, mute all. Sean are Shan Ives. How are you?

[772:12] Shan Ives-: Hi, everybody. How are you? Good. I think it's such a for the balance for me. Because I feel a certain amount of vulnerability you've just mentioned about alcoholism. And then it's all interpreted from where we come from, isn't it so personal? So I'm trying to then I mean, you know, listening in, I'm leaning into you right now to listen because I'm just really, yeah, I'm fascinated and to all of us, we want to kind of nail it to, you know, what is the what is the balance? What is the perfect way to communicate? You know, for me, I would be to then be personal and vulnerable with a situation like maybe if I've failed, but I, I then struggle myself, because this is where I'm at. I'm, I'm successful, offline. So but not online. But if I then for me, communicating with the team that I have, for me, to be honest and vulnerable to say, I failed in this aspect within the business. I know I can feel myself great ought to because when you become a leader to a degree in a people look up to you, and then you're going to explain that you did fail. I'm just trying to wrap my head around, wrap my head around, where the vulnerability you can share powerful because I know when you say Your vulnerability when somebody shares their vulnerability with me, I love that it makes it deeper, I connect more. But when you're being a leader in a business, I want to give them as we think. But maybe just not everything.

[804:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. There's a huge balance to that. Number one, I think. And thank you for that question. In that context, that was super helpful. I think that oversharing can be just as bad as communicating well, that's one thing. I think it's finding the timing of it, does it contribute to this conversation? I mean, one thing is if I share that I struggle with alcohol and say, like, I have committed the last 12 years of my life, and personal development to where that never becomes my story again, or my family. So that's different than sharing, you know, I was just, I was just a deadbeat that like, you know, got a DUI Oh, now, I just shared that I committed a crime with alcohol like, and now that even might scare somebody to learn from a leader who has had a criminal past if I got arrested for alcohol, you know what I mean? But that was, again, 12 years ago, I have found number one I do like if somebody doesn't want to hear from me, because I've been truthful and vulnerable. Um, there's two things to ask is, what did I did I overshare in this and if I didn't, if I added the context, then it's like, maybe it's okay to just accept the fact that maybe this person has left and doesn't want to hear and connect with me the other side is, is that we're never going to nail it or be perfect at this, that that there is that there is it's all part of that experimentation. We're seeing how we're connecting and communicating with people. Anytime we're connecting and communicating anytime you've been in these settings, anytime I'm doing a webinar is it's an experiment to see are the words that I'm saying going to resonate the way that I think they are. And, and I a couple weeks ago, you know, I had I had three people write me and say, you know, Jeremiah, you shared with me that you were arrested for alcohol, and I just don't feel safe ever learning anything else from somebody that's such a low life. And I just said, I don't like but that was like, 12 years ago, and I grew and like, I don't care, the fact that you ever made that mistake means that you could never provide value to me. And so I just like, so that judgment that they have, I've actually accepted the fact that if I try to hide that and mask that, and pretend like oh, all this like, that helps me figure out who kind of my people are the ones who, who? Gosh, we live in a world today that tries to say that you have to be perfect in order to lead people. And I think that really what it is, is is a lot of liars that are pretending like they're perfect. And then the truth comes out. And now we're demonizing that. And there's a there's a lot to unpack there. But like, I've made the decision that if I'm being honest with somebody about maybe a shortcoming that I overcame, and they don't want to engage with me a I'm not going to now chase that person down, defend myself convinced them that they should change their mind, they've made up their mind. And they were probably looking for an out anyways. And that was just the thing on top of five other things that they aren't sharing with me is what it was, that was their excuse to get out. And so I was okay with that. I was like, yeah, no, like, no problem. Totally. I totally get it. Like you could never learn from somebody like me totally understand, and literally validated like, where they're at as far as that goes. And I'm not and I have no desire to validate that. What's funny is I've actually started talking more about the alcohol thing since that happened. Because I realized it becomes such a great way to weed out the the people who really have that, that standard about them. As far as that goes, where they just could never work with somebody who's imperfect. Well, I've never claimed to be perfect. And a big part of my message is you got to embrace imperfection, you got to embrace experimentation, you got to embrace trying things out as far as that goes. Now that's striking the balance is that as we experiment with that, we'll notice Okay, are there certain words and things that we say that are different from the other one that I've noticed, especially when it comes to like, because I have a lot of examples with faith based people, they really don't like talking about this because they feel like well, now you're teaching me how to use words to manipulate people and bend them to my will. And it's not that I'm trying to manipulate or bend people to my will quote, unquote, it's that I want to make sure that the words that I'm saying are connecting with the people that I know that I'm called to connect with. And if my heart is in the right place where my mission is to help people I am 100% okay with learning how to get better at what those words are. We learn it by experimenting, we learn it by trying some things out. Now that we have chat GBT, which is really cool. Willa and Denise kind of just shared this. And it's kind of like the the last point is one thing that I love to do is if I'm struggling to have a message resonate with people, as I actually go into the AI, and I'll say, Hey, I've communicated this with this group of people, here's what they're doing. Here's how they're understanding. They're not quite getting what I'm sharing, can you help me understand in two or three words, went through two or three different angles to communicate this to might be better understood. And I'm always amazed that chat, GBT literally, like shines a light on the fact that, hey, this could be triggering this person in this way, this could be getting this feedback, this could be being received this way. Here's how you could frame it in a way that will be better understood, then the next webinar, I go out, and I share it that way. And oh, everybody understands that I'm sharing much better. Or, oh, that conversation is better. And we have an interesting world that we're in right now where people feel weird about using AI to be better communicators. Because they feel like it means that they're either not intelligent, or they're not authentic or things like that. If my core heart message is becoming better understood by somebody, because I learned how to communicate it better. That's a win win for everybody that I'm working with. As far as that goes. When I go out there, and I work with my team members, especially right now I'm developing an app. Working with my mom, we're developing an app as far as that goes. And we've had now four iterations. And it's just like, it's not landing, how I wanted it built. So what I did was I took how I thought I was understood how they're understanding me what's being created. And I brought it into the chat GPT. And I referenced and I actually said, Hey, I'm working with, and I even put this in here, the cultural difference. Somebody who's from the Philippines, who's a developer who speaks English, this is what we're doing. That's what we're building is we're creating, this is what their understanding, that's what I would like to create, can you give me some language to help better communicate what I'm trying to create? And it gave me a whole output and I told the person I was working with, I said, Hey, I just had chat, GBT create this, this is probably maybe this will give you a better understanding what we're trying to accomplish. And they were like, wow, this is great. Okay, now I understand what we need to do. And then they came back. And literally, it was exactly how I wanted it to be that time, because I was able to use a tool that actually helps translate even though we speak the same language. And this is what we need to understand. Even though we speak the same language, we were not on the same page. And I learned this too, when I worked with this university, a lot of the people that worked for the university, they were not English wasn't their first language. So I've worked with a lot of people who English isn't their first language. And I've had to learn how do I communicate my goals with people that are not English of their first language? But they do understand English? And so what I look at is, how are they understanding me from that perspective, because if somebody who does not have English as their first language understands me, people who have English as their first language will also understand me just as well. And so that's another thing that I've that I've really done is I've always looked at, okay, how would I say this to somebody who maybe doesn't have English as their first language? Well, to somebody, by the way, if I'm communicating now, all my messaging that simply that simplified in that way, it may make me sound unintelligent, to my colleagues, it may make me sound like I don't know what I'm talking about, or I'm less of a qualified expert to people that are judging me. You know, but I'm looking to be understood, especially in group coaching, especially in group marketing, by a wider group of people. So again, this this has context as far as I separated out webinars, sales, copy, email marketing, coaching trainings, overseas staff members, by the way, how I would communicate with a staff member from Brazil is different than one from the Philippines. Again, they might speak English, very different usage of the context of the English language. I had, I had a I had a Brazilian developer I worked with, and he would constantly get very upset. That one of the things I would ask him to do, and I realized how I was asking him in his language, was actually very offensive. The way I was asking him was offensive, even. And I was just like, Hey, dude, like help you understand? Like, we're on the same page here. We're on the same team. Why do you get so offended every time I asked? He's like, because you're an asshole, Jeremiah for asking me that. And I'm like, I don't understand. He's like, and he explained to me kind of how he understood what I was saying. I was like, Oh, I totally get it. And that's the other thing too is we got to humble ourselves enough to not defend ourselves to become curious.

[959:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Maybe the fact that we're not getting what we want With our staff members, with our team members, with our clients, with our ads with our marketing with chat, GBT could just be, because we got to learn how to communicate better. And a lot of it is trial and error a lot. By the way, chat GPT is really cool with this. You can ask it, okay, hey, this is what I want. This is how it's being understood. How can I better help you understand and get the output and it's funny chat GPT will actually tell you how to communicate with it better. It will actually train you by talking to it. Most people are this way to most people will help you understand if you just put yourself in their shoes. And we end up saying, and we ended up having this preset perspective of maybe I could get better at communicating instead of getting offended by this. And instead of saying, Oh, I'm a perfect communicator, everybody should just get up to my level. I've said it the right way. They just don't understand because they're stupid. Why said the thing, I mean, the fact that they don't get it, that's their fault, not mine, instead of having that proof position saying, hey, is there a way that maybe I could grow in my communication ability? In this context? You know, and this is where I've noticed, like I said, I've had leaders I've worked with where they have, like, 1000s of students offline. But then when they come to the online space crickets, as because they're communicating in the online space, how they would with the people that they have offline. And the language isn't resonating the same. And so it's just it's learning what that language is, and doing that. And, um, that's why I'm so thankful for chat GBT right now, because it really sort of is a translator to the internet for a lot of people, how do we take our thoughts, translate it to the online space very, very well. We used to do a lot of trial and error and really look at, okay, how are other people communicating? So we would look at how a lot of other companies would communicate their emails, marketing, messaging, all of that was sales copied. Now we have AI that really helps bridge a lot of that gap for us. So which is cool. So all right, we're gonna take some questions here today. This has been a message, it's just been on my heart for a while, and I hopefully it landed with some people. I know that it probably may have offended a few people, but I'm okay with that. Because I'd like to understand, you know, maybe I think that I think that just we'll unpack this more as we progress forward. But maybe considered that the reason you're not getting what you want in your marketing and your business and building your business is there you may be able to communicate it differently. And then you might get more of what what you're looking for. If you're, it's funny, if you're single, and you're not married. There's a disconnect there. I thought I knew how to communicate with my wife really well, when we weren't married. I have learned the last I got married in 2017. So almost seven years, I've learned that her and I are generally usually not been on the same page. And then we had a baby. And now emotions are high. We're not communicate, we've literally the last year has been a masterclass for both of us on understanding each other. And I realized that's why most people say, Oh, having a baby is the greatest thing, it changes you and makes you a better person. It's because it makes you a better communicator, with everybody around you. Probably why. So anyways, that was for free. You don't have to get married or have babies in order to get better at this, though. But it is a great way to get better at this. And I would say that's why I feel like I've gotten a lot better and in the last year. But working with large teams and people that speak different languages has been a big masterclass for this for me and group coaching has been as well. So this is a huge area that I think can help people and then I think will will impact you. All right, we're gonna do q&a time, raise your hand. And again, this could be about what we talked about. This can be about your offers. We're about your marketing, this can be about your ads can be about your sales copy. Anything. As far as that goes. I know Sue, I saw you had a question about your offer. What's up sue you if you're when you're able to to

[1029:32] Sue McGarvie: IndyCar in the land of ice and snow Hi, Jeremiah, I was actually just writing you a message and help as opposed to posting it. Yeah, I'm really trying to get stuff going. I have a new website. I have a lot of stuff happening all at the same time. And I'm trying to streamline it, you know, your part about simplifying it really resonated with me and I appreciate that. And I'm, you know, I said I'm a therapist with 30 years experience so I'm not looking for I'm looking for more the business dialogue as opposed to the soft skills although I find it fascinating as a shrink to listen to the process that you go through. And I probably can pick up stuff each time, what I wanted, you know, I'm struggling with, I've got my team looking at, do we look at, you know, Thinkific or we're gonna go with Thinkific. Just so you know, that was the group discussion group decision. After doing a lot of I don't want to change formats, but the offer is a value ladder. And I'm doing one free to get me into to get people to know me as you suggest, I'm doing a I'm actually set up a Patreon account, which is pulling, and I don't, you know, talk about that. But I'm going to I'm doing an $8 kind of buy me a latte great people that don't want to do that. I'm giving them enough value, I think in the videos I produced. That's

[1051:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: where that's a low ticket offer. That's perfect.

[1052:07] Sue McGarvie: It's a low ticket offer. But it's not done through the traditional formats. And I've never heard you mentioned it, which is why I wanted to ask about it. Because I'm trying to follow your model. You know, I paid you money, I want to follow your model, and no

[1055:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: part of it is, there's so many platforms out there that all do the same thing. And so whether you do set x $7 to think if it Kajabi page, again, Patreon is easier to set up. I've never used Patreon. So a lot of what I teach is just really what I've used, but a lot of it translates to these other platforms. So it totally can translate to Patreon if you're liking that. That's awesome.

[1064:09] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, and then, so it's free Patreon. I have a new website that is four years in the making that launching this month, and it is discourse with the small clubs. And I need to get my all of this and I have I have to

[1068:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's like an app almost right. It's like a, like an app type website for dating, right?

[1070:48] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, it's gonna be more club based. And I'm in rural Ontario. So you may I may break up, but it's trying to do that. But that is going to be I'm telling you saying it find love and 24 so it's $24 a month to do that.

[1074:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cool. I'm looking higher with Zapier and Patreon. Yeah, with Patreon, it looks like you can link into the Facebook pixel. So that's one thing that you'll probably want to look at is tracking when they register for Patreon that they did so. And tracking who jumps into that because then you can create a separate group that's like those people. So that's, that's a big aspect of it is really kind of like tracking where they're at at different price stages and different actions. Because then you can really adjust and maneuver the ads in that direction.

[1086:56] Sue McGarvie: Right. Yeah, so pay turn. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, no, because we need to do it based on Geo locating and and that piece and then I'm set up just that I'm working on a high ticket offer and I've done that sort of one off $700 one, but I love the monthly subscription model that you use. Yeah, yeah, so I'm struggling whether I'm gonna charge 149 or 169 or whatever it's a little bit of of details but for monthly coaching but I have to get my 2000 videos up on a platform because they're all there have already done that it's the it's the it's the Trent oh and I'm always stuck to your mind in the translation so for me it's the business dialogue that I'm really jonesing for you know, I love that session with that now this morning missing that if I had to if I had to ask you for anything that's what it would be to subgroup of like like let's talk business let's do best practices let's I want tips and tricks I want to know how I translate that into a new the into into what I need to do to deliver today like I you know unlike these and I'm looking at you know I'm looking at Edna's or what's her name the one with the with the cooking who's does these beautiful pages oh my god, their pages are spectacular. In mine are like okay, I did it yesterday in an hour. Get it up there and see, and I'm sure there's a happy medium but I haven't found it yet. But that piece is where I'm at is how do I get it going? And then I'm like, you know I'm a big believer in ready fire aim and see what happens. Have

[1112:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: you read that book? ready fire aim.

[1112:37] Sue McGarvie: Oh, and I have any of the books that you have suggested? I have downloaded them and I never have a folder. I'm gonna send you a Google Drive of all the folders of all the books. I just because you sent me that Alex are nosy. I download his book and I downloaded the Dean book and I've read them because I read you know, five books or six books a week. So I have that that Gmail Dr. hates to read them because people aren't you know, I don't know, anyway, I have a whole resource. So I'm gonna send you that link, but they were great. They were really

[1123:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: helped me unpack the, when you say like the business discourse? What is that? What do you mean by that? Um, help me like, kind of get a picture more what you mean by that?

[1125:47] Sue McGarvie: What are you? What are you missing? And what's what's feeling like, the missing piece for me? Is, is that I, you know, I'm, I'm a therapist with 30 years experience, I hope that I don't have you know, in your point about communication is well taken. If you're not getting it, I must, it must be on me as as much as you're not here. Yeah. What I'm feeling though, is, you know, I go through, I go through sometimes your, you know, your, all of the courses, and I've gone through a lot. And I'm like, Ah, it's a moving target, B things are changing too quickly. And I want that in real time. So what I'm so I really get ready. I'm excited every Monday that I get to ask you questions in real time and go, I need this dialogue. What I love is a subgroup of people who are, you know, are saying that and I know that Facebook group is that. But it's it's the it's that piece is is more is, I guess moving faster is to say, here's what we've done. What do you think everybody offers some feedback, or here's, here's the, here's the like, it's taken me a week to figure out, I went through your training on Thinkific. And on a systemic IO, and then I've been on Kajabi, I still am on Kajabi. I've got to migrate it somewhere because it's double the price. And there's some things about it I don't like and if I start with something, and I've changed it. But the models didn't need two hours of content to go, which one to get. I needed a quick pros and cons. dialog. And I don't have a forum on the web. Like it's not on the Facebook group or somewhere other people who've gone through that going, or let's take a quick vote like do we have a poll? Who picks what what do you do? And why don't I need like I needed like a 10 minute solution not having to watch two hours of video. And that's by sort of that's my frustration is I get caught up in the weeds. And I don't want to be training for the sake of training I want to do. And I guess that's that's the level of my frustration right now. So that's that's it? It's not it's not. I think you're awesome. I think you're awesome. I love the video. Sure. Of Halston asleep on your wife. I thought that was absolutely adorable. Last night, where you posted your New Year's where he's sleeping on your wife and you have your family with you New Year's I, you know, you're you're just you're just great. I love the video. You sent me the link for your mom who I'd never listened to. And she's you know, she's slick. And she's she's very, very, very good. She's just a little bit older than I am. And she's really blown it up. But she's

[1168:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: not as like a glimpse of, as you said, like Eileen is, you know, oh, yeah,

[1170:05] Sue McGarvie: I well. She's, she's

[1170:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: more balanced.

[1171:01] Sue McGarvie: I would have bought from Eileen, had she stopped. Do you know what I mean? Like to me, she talked past the sale. Yeah, possibly.

[1173:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know, I know. She was working with a guy, Joe. And I think Joe is a possibly better salesman. And she is. I think she's a really good teacher because she comes from the church teaching world. And so because I know she was she was on staff, I think with Joel Osteen. And, and so yeah,

[1179:33] Sue McGarvie: lovely person, I'm just trying to take everybody's best practice. And use it as a skill set a learning tool to say, how do I do this? How do I get better at the business? Yeah, nobody likes to be sold to it's just, it's just the conversation. It's what you know what, you know, it's just that you know, that piece when you talk to Edna about, you know, how do you sell for as a conversation, loved that stuff. And that's the stuff I'm looking for more of in a way that we move it along. And as I said, Your training is there. You know, I may be at a different stage. I'm kind of not where your private clients are. Like, I don't know where I'm at, but I'm ready to, I'm ready to move on this. I've made that I'm going to, I'm going to blow it up and 2024 I am you know, day one morning, I've been up since four o'clock in the morning working on this, and I get up and I listen to stuff every day. But I'm looking for time. So that's all so it just my specific question is value ladders. How do we leverage it? And and is Is that a reasonable four steps right? Free $8 $24 149 Is their month,

[1198:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: that part of it? So there's an unfortunate The truth about online marketing, it is a moving target. And it's more and and it's gotten worse in the last year than it's been the last 10 years. And it's big. And it's becoming faster of a moving target in the next 12 months. Right? Because of what's happening with artificial intelligence. Right. So what the moving target side of things is, that's where what I like to do is I like to pick a platform, use it for a few years, because I feel comfortable with it. It might not be perfect, it might, there might be better stuff out there, but I picked something that I'll stick with and use. So that's like that one side. That's why I say like, I use Thinkific and Squarespace and I like them. And I don't see myself moving off of them in the next year or so. Um, now it does sound like it sounds like you're building something to that, because you got like a couple of businesses to what you're doing. You got a couple like different business model tranches. Which by the way, I didn't, I didn't realize that until just this week. Okay, yeah, I thought they were all one. So I'm like, Okay, so now that makes more sense to me understanding that, that you got this one over here. Yeah, this one. I

[1220:43] Sue McGarvie: wasn't going to talk about, you know, the sort of the sexuality side of what I do with your audience. I didn't think it was appropriate. And and again, but no, you know, I understand that. That's some of your audience again, you know, I'm a political sex therapist. So what I think is really PG. Because yeah, like I do I, you know, I help literally, no, it's

[1226:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, but there's a need for that, though, right? Yeah, it's the same. By the same token, it's kinda like, you know, what I share about sales, even it's like, a little bit much for a lot of coaches and mentors, they're just like, oh, my gosh, like, that's so aggressive. And I'm like, that's not even like, 1/10 as aggressive as some people are. But like, You got to at least, like be like, a little bit aggressive to get a sale at that. So it's like, I get it, I think it translates in that way. Um, I'm glad that you found like, the platform that that you're using, I like the value ladder, the idea of going from a free offer to something that doesn't cost a lot really, I think resonates with your audience. One thing that I discovered, and I did not know this existed, so I created that forbidden advertising training. Facebook has a form that you fill out to get approved for running dating related offers.

[1240:04] Sue McGarvie: And I did fill it out, and I did watch your, you know how to get Yeah, I did. That's,

[1241:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a whole new thing that they've added. Now, if you don't get approved, it's like, and that's where I'm going to be teaching later this week, is how you can find your audience, when you what you sell is something they don't allow. And there's either two choices, you either create an offer that is within the bounds of what they allow, right? Or you pivot what you're selling to be something that they allow. And so it's like, it's like one of those two ideas. The both are hard, both of them are kind of like, okay, it's like, I don't want to do that. But when it comes to online marketing, because again, I believe you can sell anything through the internet, I think you can sell anything that way, now, is what's legal, what's not, again, what you're doing, there's nothing illegal about it, but it's just not necessarily the things that they want on all of their advertising. But you can come at it, I think from a the relationship side, the goal side of it, the dreams, the vision side that they have. And then once they're in immediately you let them know, like what you're all about. So you don't beat around the bush, like the first instance you qualify, because then what's going to happen is that's going to train the algorithm to show you more of the people that are really qualified to go to that next stage with you. So keep

[1261:18] Sue McGarvie: at it, I wrote to your guy that you know, you posted sort of your new people. One of them was a tick tock ad specialist wrote him three days ago have not or her haven't heard back, but I'll let you know how that goes. I'm going to try different stuff and see what works. And again, I want to share that because that's happening in real time with me. And to me, I'm sure there's other people in your group who are struggling with this or might be and it's saying okay, how do you how do we do this? How do we do this together?

[1268:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know a lot of people don't work on the weekend is one thing. That's fine. Yeah, people don't work on the holidays too. So that's another I'm

[1271:07] Sue McGarvie: not I'm not expecting it and absolutely, yeah, no, it's it's the holidays. I'm expecting you know, if I don't hear from them by the end of the week, I'll follow up but it's it's trying that piece to say that because Tik Tok, at least let me talk about dating. And I filled out the form with Facebook and it's just you know, how much struggled with every single ad I had was shut down. So it just it was like hours of work that were gone. So it's it's a it's a work in progress. And that's the stuff that I'm that I'm most craving in terms of dialogue. So taking my question, one

[1281:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: of the one of the reason I'm so passionate about this is like most people who market and sell the type of training that I offer, Facebook blocks and bans, and almost immediately, I don't get blocked and banned because of how I word it and the perspective I take to it. So sometimes I have to take a few extra steps to get there like doing one webinar that goes to another that goes to another, but it allows me to get around those restrictions.

[1287:32] Sue McGarvie: Fair enough. That's, that's another that's

[1288:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: another piece to that is sometimes it just takes an additional layer to where like, Okay, you create a really like, G rated PG rated offer. And then you go to like the your, your regular offer is like stage two, but they kind of got to qualify themselves into that one. And then And once they qualify themselves there. You can like talk about whatever you want. By the way, once they're on your email list, or they're on Zoom, you can talk about whatever you want. Yeah, Facebook isn't logging into your zoom calls. And, and not unfortunately, I have a feeling they may in the future, and that that's gonna suck. That's scary as hell yeah. Yeah, I think that, because they're doing that with big platforms. They're doing that with people that have big platforms, as their deep platforming certain people, because they're going through their private training and deciding, oh, we don't want this person to have clout and to have and those people are getting cancelled and things like that. And so but for most of us, I mean, those people, they're usually you don't hit that level to you're at like $50 million plus a year. before you're even on their radar. Yeah.

[1307:21] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, they just like they canceled my Pixel.

[1310:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I could just be there. Yeah, it was on and things like that. But

[1312:01] Sue McGarvie: if that was an radio show, I've had the brand for 25 years, like, ah, and the website. So you're right. It's trying to figure out what to do. And I, you know, I've made a lot of wrong turns. And I'm going to try and see if I can at least right best practices for me, because maybe it'll help some. Yeah,

[1317:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: your your playbook is a little bit different, I think, than then. That was people. Yeah. No, it is. But I think it's 100%. doable.

[1319:52] Sue McGarvie: So good. Well, thank you so much. For my I will keep you posted every week. So every week's new adventure. So all right, awesome. Take care.

[1322:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. I saw I thought there was a third person with their hand raised, and I think either they logged off or they aren't sure anymore. Anyways, um, and your hand was raised before Dorothy did you? Who was that? I? I don't they don't show me. Was that you? Janelle? What's your question? What's up?

[1328:31] Jinell Garcia: Happy New Year, yours

[1328:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: up for a while happy.

[1329:34] Jinell Garcia: I got a nice little cold. So I sound a little funny. And so just, I'm a little discouraged personally. And I'm just trying to figure out what I can do. I'm today was really good, because I think maybe it's the conversation. But my big thing was, I took a lot of time and created a freebie for my email offer. And sent it out. And even though people are opening it, nobody's clicked on it. Yeah. Would you say that's more of wording of it? Or is it because I just have to do these, some, maybe stick a video in there, if I can figure out how to stick a video in or something like that. I

[1341:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: think it could be the wording it could be putting a video on there. So you could try those out. It could also just be that and then again, this has to do with the wording to just that, though, that what people thought that they were being presented with wasn't something that they wanted. Or they or the way they understood the offer wasn't what they what they wanted. Right. And so you know that that happens. That happens a lot it does. And it's

[1349:38] Jinell Garcia: about mindsets and actions that can be taken for your mindsets in 2024. Okay, it was on physical, emotional and spiritual health and then home organization.

[1353:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: One thing I found that when you talk about that topic is people have a lot of pre judgments about what you mean by certain things. And they they're going to decide is this worth my time as well that sometimes the language when it's about mindset, again, I don't. So it's hard for me to give this feedback without seeing the offer itself

[1359:27] Jinell Garcia: is one thing. Okay? I can throw it in the face,

[1360:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: put it in the group, that'll be helpful. I can give a little bit more feedback. Here's an example. I was running an offer that was like grow your coaching business running live webinars, and nobody was registering or showing up for it. Why? Because people are terrified to run live webinars.

[1365:24] Jinell Garcia: Yeah, that's me.

[1366:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I was triggering their fear with my offer. And they were not signing up for something they were afraid for. So I gotta go a step back to talking about the dream, which is building a six figure coaching course business. Now, running webinars, I think is an essential part of doing that. But if I lead with that essential part, I've disconnected and from almost everybody I want to really connect with.

[1373:47] Jinell Garcia: And I got it. It's interesting, you would bring that up, too, because that was another one of my questions, because I'm like, Okay, no, I need to do this. I know, I need to do a live webinar. And it terrifies me because I'm like, What am I going to talk on? You know, there's so many different things you can talk on? What if nobody signs up? You may I mean, even on my email at the end, I said, Hey, in 2024, I'm offering group coaching, I would love to hear from you. Some things you would like, coaching on and nothing, nothing. That's,

[1381:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's one of the area and this is again, there's more to unpack on this, I think. But

[1385:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: one of the first things to get at is like, all those things that you said, what if these things happen? Is that we actually become like, okay, with those things possibly happening? You know, again, what, and this translates to what if they abandon me? What if they leave me? What if they don't like me? What if they don't buy? What if I spent all this time and I wasted all this time didn't produce results? And so there's usually a deeper conversation about that's behind that. And so, and I deal with that, too, I mean, I've run an offer and nobody registers. I've had to get to the place where I'm just like, Okay, great. No problem. Like, that's not a big deal. And it sucks. And but it's like, real really sort of like calibrating my response to things not going how I want them to. And I talk about that a lot in my content. But it's so much deeper than just how simple it sounds.

[1402:31] Jinell Garcia: Oh, no, I totally get it. And I've done that a lot. But yeah, this is like the next bridge, I have to cross. Because, you know, there's always that, that there's that that little. So you've

[1405:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: done that work in other parts of your life? I have. Yeah. So that actually is going to be helpful for you is what I like to say, think back through how you process through that in another part of your life. And I would bet it's the same way that you could even process it in this area. Because oftentimes, it's the same root issue just manifesting within a new frame. So like, I thought I overcame worrying what people think about me. And the last year has been a battle in no longer and even more, so not worrying what people think about me. At the same time, I neglected for almost two, three years becoming a better communicator. And now I've realized I need to be a better communicator to was another site. So it's like, it's some of these things that sometimes we think that we have already overcome. And then it's like, Oh, there's another layer to it that maybe I haven't worked through. And I might need to work through.

[1421:32] Jinell Garcia: Yeah, and I do feel like Indiana Jones, you've seen the Indiana Jones movies,

[1422:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: not the new one. But I have seen the old ones. I'm the one

[1423:53] Jinell Garcia: where he has to step out and it appears there's nothing there. Oh, yeah. That's where I feel like I'm at right now. Because it's like, okay, I know I've processed before, when I was in an office, excuse me, and the client service manager, talking to people, I'm really, really good at it when I'm in my element. And I think I'm still trying to figure out okay, what's my element here, as my role as a coach? Because I know I'm good at I know, I'm good at what I do. I know I have things to offer. What did they want me to offer? You know what I'm saying? Trying to figure that all out? It has been difficult for me and it's like, I know, that's where you,

[1434:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: you create a mechanism where they tell you what they want. Right?

[1435:54] Jinell Garcia: And that's what I was hoping for with the questions like can you give me some feedback on what you would like coaching on?

[1437:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, okay. So this is this is great. I see. Um, nine times out of 10. People are not going to answer that question. Okay. Okay, so I cuz I used to say that and I would get crickets all the time, like nothing, they're like, I'm great, my life is perfect don't need your help, you know, like, that's what they're thinking, right? And so it's like, you gotta like, get more space, that's where we get gotta get a little bit more specific as to like, a few different areas where maybe you you work with people or help them Now not everybody needs your help, either. Right? Not everybody wants it. So that's where I look at, okay, what are you struggling with to run your ads? What are you struggling with? To get more clients? What are you struggling with to get? So that's what I say, as I get more specific as to the area that they might need help with? What's stopping you from doing this? What have you tried already, and again, not everybody's gonna offer that up right away, they have to trust you. It's a very vulnerable thing to tell people to tell somebody what they need help with. And most people do not feel comfortable telling somebody that. So so that's one of those things is really just your first stage is just making it safe enough for people to even tell us what they're going through. Right? And then we ask the question, well, what are you dealing with what he's, that's why I noticed. So when I do like a one day webinar, and I host a VIP q&a. I don't get very, very many questions. When I host a five day, the first two days, I don't get a lot of questions, but then By day three, four, and five, I get a ton of questions, right. I noticed like when people first joined the accelerator, they might not reach out or ask questions or things like that. Because they're gauging like, okay, is this the right? Is this an appropriate question? It's okay, things like that. So then it's like, okay, we demonstrate that it's a safe place to ask. People are also looking like, how do you respond to somebody else's questions? Um, you know, that often, we live in a world where a lot of people are made to feel stupid and inadequate when they ask the wrong questions, right? We're dealing with a lot of that when it comes to coaching and mentoring and really sort of like, it's like a Rubik's cube into the mind of like, making somebody feel like, safe enough to even express where their shortcoming is. Right. And, and oftentimes, people immediately go to defensiveness. I don't have any shortcomings. You know, I don't I, I and I find as well, the more the more success somebody has, the even harder that is, it's like, oh, well, I have I've been doing this for 30 years, I don't need help there. And then it's like, you know, because that's what I found a lot of time before I was doing this group coaching, I was working with people, they literally had followings of like 1000s of people. So they're the I'm coming saying, hey, you need to do this differently. And they're like, I have no, I'm not doing anything wrong. And I'm like, but this isn't working. Yeah. And so it actually took me like five years to figure out how to actually help somebody who is very successful. feel safe enough to say, Hey, this is where things aren't working. Right. And as a coach and mentor, that's one of the that's the first thing we're doing. We're just holding space for safety.

[1490:31] Jinell Garcia: Yeah. And that's another reason why I know I need to start doing live reels or something. Because I've been told over and over, I'm a safe person to talk with, but people aren't hearing me,

[1493:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: but they don't see that initially. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah, I would say and this is more just like in the small interactions we've had. Is that your initial energy could come across a little intimidating. Oh, really?

[1498:13] Jinell Garcia: Yeah, a little bit. What? Tell me more about that.

[1499:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's just like, it feels intimidating. Like, like, like, like, because you, you hold yourself with a lot of authority.

[1501:25] Jinell Garcia: Oh, I do. I really like that. Yeah.

[1502:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so that I don't feel that. That's one of those things. And so and I say that, as somebody who I had a lot of people tell me that as well. And I never felt that way. So a lot of people say, well, they felt intimidated to ask me questions. Now, not everybody felt that way. But the way the ones who were asking me questions didn't feel that way. But a lot of people, they just felt very intimidated by it. So I was like, okay, knowing that, how do I make it like, like, how do I just kind of show up? And a big part of it is, when we're not concerned with what they think about us, we're more concerned about what, demonstrating what we think about them. Right.

[1513:10] Jinell Garcia: And so that's really insightful and good for me. Yeah. I appreciate it's

[1514:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: funny, I wouldn't even feel the courage to even say that, because it's just it is kind of a judgment. But I would bet that that's a piece of the puzzle for you. Right? Is that right there is and it's that maybe that you don't even recognize that people might see that and then how do we show up to where it's because like my mom As a master at, listen, my mom is one of the single most intimidating human beings on the planet Earth. Oh, I've

[1521:46] Jinell Garcia: watched her and yet you correct me

[1522:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: come in her space, you feel like you could just talk about anything. As she's as she's figured that out really well. So yeah. So so that's one piece of the puzzle, I think. I think you'll you'll find more more pieces of that for sure. Well, I

[1526:48] Jinell Garcia: appreciate that. Thank you. And that's one of

[1527:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: the things that I have made a, I would say, a New Year's resolution this year, as I'm no longer going to share, like, hold back on some of the things that I might see that might help people like what I just shared with you. Because there was a chance that you could have gotten upset and offended with me for saying no, no, I took a risk saying that, but it was like it was helpful. So very

[1533:12] Jinell Garcia: helpful. Thank you. Yeah, definitely. Well, I'll throw that in the group. So you can take a look at what I was very cool.

[1534:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Dorothy, what's up, Dorothy? And by the way, I would, I would say that for more than 50% of the people that are in here is that some people might just be intimidated by you, as part of the energy add, just like learning the kind of show like and why do they feel that way? Again, it's often because we're worried what do they think about me? Because when we get to that space, we come across with a different energy than, you know. And I think about like people that we're vulnerable with, we have that guard down. So there's an exercise in kind of laying our own guard down, and then that makes it safe for others to do the same. Oh, I need to talk more about that. What's up, Dorothy? How are you?

[1548:45] Dorothy: Good. Very good. Yeah, enjoying this lovely news day went for a beautiful walk in. That's good. Happy. Happy New Year. Yeah. So I'm piecing together everything. I'm letting go of my Wix website to shift everything on to a Squarespace website. Okay. Because I just feel like I need to centralize everything. So it's gonna be Squarespace, then all the

[1555:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: websites so complicated to use. I try. You know, I was telling people like, oh, yeah, Wix. Wix is like, harder than WordPress. I couldn't even figure it out myself. So yeah, yeah, anybody's on lips, and you're working way too hard. Yeah.

[1560:47] Dorothy: So I'm centralizing everything with Squarespace for the offer pages, and then Thinkific for the yoga videos, and the energy, you know, doing the meditation and the breathing exercises. So that's all going to be stored there. And then so I'm figuring out what the offers are. And you know, because I do, I would love to try doing this year training, which is going to be quite spacious. But there will be shorter trainings as well. So I'm going to have sort of different ways of bringing people in. And this this whole year training is something that's really spacious, because it's two sessions a month. But actually, it's quite a lot that people are going to be working on over that month. And then there'll be shorter courses, and sort of three week or six week courses, where people can just jump in to get to know the work. But then they can join the year training, even once it's started. Because the original trainings will all be in a Facebook group. So they can come in even sort of halfway through the year, they could still come into the course. And do it might be helpful for you. Yeah.

[1581:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is if like if you dialog out kind of like what your offers are and what you're thinking and they do the same. I do the same thing myself. And this has helped me a lot with my offers. As I as Do you have the chat GPT app on your phone? I do. Yeah, yeah. Do you use the Do you have the mode where you can press this button? And it lets you talk into it?

[1587:33] Dorothy: Oh, I've not tried that. But I'll give it a go. So this is it

[1588:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: uses what's called a whisper technology. Yeah. You can talk in like a loud place and it will actually translate because it uses AI to know what the words are. Oh, fantastic. So I do is I do this frequently. I will sit down and like 510 minutes, I will just dialogue in the chat. GPT what I'm thinking, yeah, for an offer. And by the way, I do this a lot for offers. I do this a lot for my own offers. And then I tell chat GPT Okay, can you organize that in the simplest easy to understand way for me to explain it to my clients?

[1597:48] Dorothy: Yeah. Yeah. Because I do feel that I've got this whole vision which is, you know, it's a kind of, but there's lots of pieces to that which I'm sure will culminate in a membership, which could be ongoing. But that there is sort of, there's pieces to that. And this year training is a specific thing, which is related to a whole sort of energetic shift for people over 12 months, you know, of coming out of fatigue, anxiety, depression, stress, you know,

[1606:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: offers, do you have as far as free and paid? Like, how many of them?

[1608:08] Dorothy: Yeah, well, I mean, the the free offer, I've been doing either three or five day, but I've had a break from doing the free offers, I'm going to start doing the free offers again. So that's, that's where I'm at, you know, is that I'm going to

[1612:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: you What are you selling? How many sales? Or how many for? First, do you have? Oh,

[1613:34] Dorothy: well, I've got to do the one year training, which is, is going to be very affordable for people. So the idea for that is that it's two sessions a month. And

[1617:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just want to unpack this a little bit before we explain what they are and what's included. So what I'm doing is I'm creating, I'm creating, and this is how I process a lot of offers, is I create the buckets of what they are. And then we add the feature. You have the free one, you have the one year affordable one, what else what other ones do you have then?

[1622:52] Dorothy: Then they'll be the six week, which is the weekly, a little bit more like a traditional yoga class, but it is also going to be the breath work. And you know, well, that's, again, I haven't come up with a price for the six week. Because I'm

[1629:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna be affordable I how affordable is this?

[1630:00] Dorothy: Well, I mean, I was thinking of making that one super affordable at like 28 pounds a month. And then the six week one, the six weeks on, it all depends whether I do the q&a, and it's twice a week. If I do maybe seven? Yeah, seven pounds. Yeah. 297. Yeah, so. So that would be if I was doing, for example, Tuesday and Thursday, which will be an hour and a half on a Tuesday, an hour and a half on Thursday, for six weeks. So that's again, that will be going into quite a deep shift over that six weeks. And then the longer then there's the membership, which really is going to be an ongoing process of working with the meditation, yoga, but also I've got a new name we see because I think the thing is, is that people have a certain understanding of yoga. And the new name is divine energy. Okay, so are my expanding it into looking at how we really live in our bodies, you know? So

[1650:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: there might be a disconnect a little bit here. Yeah. As you got to differentiate to people very clearly the difference between these two in this? Yeah, the needs to be very obvious to people how this is different from these.

[1654:46] Dorothy: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

[1655:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because you bundle them that you might do a bundle where like, you get this and you get a year of this. Or you get there's different stuff.

[1658:27] Dorothy: Yeah, yeah. Yes, definitely. Yeah. Because they are all different. They're all very definitely different. You know, because I know that the year training is a specific work, or, you know, for people who maybe have my profile job, or they may have, you know, chronic fatigue syndrome, you know, it's very specific thing, but also, they might actually be really quite healthy, but they want to transform their mind. And so they're going to go on this journey, which is over a year. And it's not a huge financial investment. But over that year, we'll really get to know each other. And that's the incredible gift about doing your year. In that way, that's quite spacious. So they don't feel the pressure of a time constraint around one

[1672:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing you don't want that you want to be careful of is that you're not offering multiple offers to the same same time. Yeah. So you also want to offer just one offer at any one time to people. Yeah. Otherwise, they'll decide usually that they're overwhelmed, confused and do neither.

[1676:53] Dorothy: Yeah. Yeah. Because I feel like that when at what I've learned through the time of, you know, because I've always taught physically in halls I've done Some online teaching, but it's bit I kind of jumped in the deep end when I started doing the online thinking, oh, yeah, this is gonna be great. I'll just get loads of online students, but it's just completely different. It's completely this way, you have to build the trust and a big

[1685:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: part, we got to break down. What are those unique factors? So I would spend your time. Yeah, mapping out like how each of these is different from each other? Yeah. And again, I would bring them into chat GBT. And I would say, Okay, here's the features, I want you to look at how some of these offers are the same, how they might be perceived as the same, how it might be confusing to people, and how I can best differentiate between them to people. And so the AI will actually also help show you that.

[1693:20] Dorothy: Because I want, I took a big step back and thought, right, okay, I'm really gonna have to think about this, because I was jumping in the deep end with the membership. But for people to get to the membership, really, they need to do the one off course, and they need to do, they need to take an energetic shift to the membership, okay. So this is what this two session a month thing is, but they could easily be doing the two session a month along with a six week training, they could easily do those two, at the same time. If I time, everything, right. And then probably after they've done those two things, they will be ready for the membership, or maybe halfway through the year training of the two sessions a month, they might feel ready to go into the membership. You know, once they've really come to a different place in themselves, you know, in a deeper level of commitment, they might be ready for that. So you know, that's what I'm thinking. But then also I could do some super short taster courses, that is less of a commitment than the six weeks. So it could be that they starting with, you know, a three week course. You know, one as well.

[1714:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: One thing I will tell you just while you're explaining this to me, it's It's making my head spin trying to keep trying. Yeah. And so that's where we want to make sure that as you're selling it to people that it's not making their head spin either. Yeah. Because that can that can definitely work against you. As far as they're like, they're not clear on which one to go into. Which ones things like that. And really, learning how to get clear on that with people I think is going to be important.

[1725:03] Dorothy: Yeah. So I think in terms of how I set up the website and everything, because I feel if I get super clear and do loads of just sort of dialoguing with chat GPT and just really, journaling loads get super clear about that journey. And it's all actually related to, you know, real classic yoga, into the, you know, deep sort of tradition of looking at the eight limbs of Pantanal finales, you know, which is like the ancient scriptures, but you know, so a lot of it's coming from there. So I'm going to be doing some intense study over the next couple of weeks, just to get my head really clear on what it is. Because the essence of it, I feel like one of my superpowers is to be able to take people into a different headspace. And, you know, sort of through this deep journey work using the breath. And so it's really,

[1741:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: the big key is to help them see why they need to be brought into that different headspace. Yeah.

[1743:09] Dorothy: Yeah, because it's really understanding, you know, what people's, you know, whether it's trauma, or they're living in an energetic space to build the awareness that they're in that energetic space, and how they can change that. Bringing a new mindset, a new way of interacting with themselves physically, as well as mentally, you know, and then they'll start to feel a lot more energy in their bodies, and a lot more clarity in their mind, you know, so it's really about bringing that transformation to people through the work of the breadth. And that's, that's what I feel is the key. And so it's all these stepping stones, really. So I feel like I need to have really unpacked all these different offers, so that when I first meet someone, I know what that first offer is, I'm not going to talk to them about the other offers at all. I'm only going to talk to them about that initial offer, which is their first step in you know, and then I know Hold the Alpha. Yeah, that's

[1760:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: it. That's exactly. And you. We try not to confuse them by what we have this over here and this over here, this over here and we keep it really more focused in on like what their next step is because then they're like, okay, this person understands how to help me get to where I want to go versus Yeah, overwhelming me. All right. Yeah,

[1766:06] Dorothy: yes, that's it. Yes. So well, that's really helpful. And I feel like when we do our first session, I'll come along with a lot of that kind of ready.

[1769:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, we might be able to take our first session and unpack some of that together. Yeah,

[1770:26] Dorothy: that would be really great.

[1771:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: As a one on one coaching package with us as what she was saying, so yeah, all right. Thanks. Cheers. Cheers. All right, Benjamin. What's up? Benjamin Benson? How are you?

[1774:44] Speaker 5: Oh, I'm doing quite well, Jeremiah a little dark over here. But that's okay. Basically, something you said about the communicating and kind of getting into the language of, you know, and being able to communicate with people in a way they're going to be able to understand you really clearly understand what your offer is, made me ask the question. So when it comes to a landing page, when it comes to your sales copy, you saw one iteration of my sales copy already, is that something I need to perhaps simplify to say the level of offense of a fifth grader, in order to make it more intelligible to even those for whom English is a second language?

[1786:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think most of our sales copy should be brought down to like that of a of a fifth or sixth grader. Most of my sales letters read at that level, and I even tell them to make it down to a fourth grade level lately. We used to say to do it at the seventh grade level. And it's funny as our world is becoming less and less like understanding of even seventh grade language. And so now it's like, the way a lot of people communicate on social media has come down to even like a fourth fifth grade level. So that's one that's one piece of it. A lot of the feedback that I shared, I think was more just this, the structure of the story and connecting with the person. And that's what the landing, blueprint training is gonna be a big value for.

[1799:32] Speaker 5: Yeah, I started with that. I just haven't had the contigo consecutive minutes to put together to watch it by having four kids, but um, okay. So all right, that's kind of the thing. I was wondering because I took my copy. I read it through chat GPT until Okay, so simplify this to a fifth grade level. Oh, okay. Yeah, that that might mean. That's

[1805:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: another thing too, is maybe you don't use what it outputs. That's another thing. I'll say. Most of the time, again, chat GPT. I'm not using it directly how it's outputted. But it's inspiring me to rewrite what it says in a way that that sounds better. And so I'm using it to brainstorm a lot of copy and then reword a lot of what it's giving me. So I'm rewriting a lot of what chat GBT actually writes and make like, even when like, I'm creating an ebook even. And again, like there's a whole precedent even right now around are we dealing with is it copy, copy, written plagiarize? Things like that, again, one of the best ways to be safe in that sense, is, again, is use it as a brainstorming assistant. And then even rewriting now when it comes to sales, copy, and email marketing and things like that, the chances of getting in trouble for like, oh, you said this sentence the same way somebody else that marketed their sales letter is, is kind of a non issue, because a lot of times we're describing the same things that way. It's different than like writing an article and it's word for word, what a New York Times article is. And so that's one of the best ways that I like to use the AI as I dictate my own thoughts into it. And then I have it restructure my own thoughts to express it better. And then I use it to help that instead of coming up with and generating new ideas, if it's generating a new idea, I then take my own thinking time to really process through how to make that better. And then I'm going back and forth with it like it's this junior assistant. The best way I can describe it is the way I talk with Chad GBT is like I have this copywriter who doesn't understand the law doesn't understand. Copyright doesn't understand, but it's really great at just coming up with ideas and then bringing them to me and then I got to sort of be is the editor that makes it the final product?

[1841:52] Speaker 5: Five hours of stuff. So yeah, hours.

[1843:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: That way? Yeah. Because I'll tell you, we, we would spend two to three weeks writing a sales letter that takes us two hours now. At the same end, it's better quality with using AI as an assistant based tool. So I'm not using AI, I think, you know, my mom is writing a book. And her and I had a conversation, I said, Listen, I don't want the AI to write your book for you. But what if you just told it ideas you had for your book, and it gave you five angles that maybe you didn't consider? And then see if one of those angles you now want to add to your chapter. And she was like, I never thought about that. That's really cool. And so and even, like, there's an AI tool that I got, I don't want to get like too in the weeds of this because it can be a little bit much. But there's a tool, it's called perplexity that AI used it. Yep. And I just I upgraded to the pro version, because it's really fun at dialoguing back and forth to a lot of what I talked about today, I fed through perplexity and found 30, articles, books, all that. And it gave me a lot of points that then I was able to dialogue and share, I had an outline of what I wanted to share. But it was able to give me a lot of foundation to my thoughts. And I wanted to express that I didn't necessarily have the right language for Sri Lanka, for example. perplexity was a huge help. Today with the main training that I gave, now, I wasn't reading word for word, what it gave me, I'll show you the outline that it gave me and this is, this is all I was using was, was this right here as I was. And I also took notes myself, while I was doing it, it was it was this right here. This is what I had in front of me while I was talking. Huh, it's just these notes that I took throughout the week, and then had the AI kind of craft this part of the bottom. And then I kind of just started and then sort of got into a flow state and started teaching. And that's how my training today was, was having this in front of me that was assisted by the AI. I also fed into it a lot of the transcripts from the q&a the last few weeks. What are questions people have? There's a few things on this list I didn't address today. But you know, we will unpack deeper in the future. So it's not what I do perplexity over chat GPT there, that's like, you know what, I use a spoon over a fork. It's for it. So perplexity is definitely more of a research and learning assistant. It's an expensive research and learning assistant at $20. But for me, I found the value in in using the pro version. Just for an afternoon that I was like, Okay, I'm gonna upgrade for a month. And I'm gonna start using this because I've already found a lot of value in it even in like, some mental health things I was dealing with. So now where I would use chat GPT and I might get stuck because it's taking me two hours to find the answers with chat GBT because I'm looking for answers versus creating ideas. He's really good at creating ideas or finding new angles. perplexity does have GPT four in it. I think it's but it's not I wouldn't use it for writing your sales letters or creating Facebook ads. GPT chat, GBT plus is the best for that. But if I'm like, I'm researching something for a talk. It's going to pull in in seconds, like 25 blog posts. And then I'm going to tell it hey, can you unpack this one idea? It's going to find 25 more articles on that topic. And it's going to pull it all together within seconds and it's going to be like, it's it blew my mind how fast perplexity is as a research assistant.

[1909:14] Speaker 5: Okay, anyways, that's definitely good when I have to go back to Yeah. All right. Well, I appreciate it. I'll take a look at my copy and reduce the grade level a little bit.

[1911:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Mark Martin Phelps. How are you? While I was talking today? I was like, I bet. I bet. I bet Mark probably is really good at a lot of the stuff that I'm talking about.

[1914:41] Mark Phelps: You know, it was amazing was I wrote a question to myself was, you cannot. You cannot impact change with players unless there's a connection. So there's like this constant and I'm really good at that individual connection. But my question to myself was Um, you know, how do you scale it? So okay route have this engagement? Yeah, you have this engagement with an individual player and a big part of it is, know their story know, their dream, what's gotten them to where they are, what are they? So like, and so, you know, you invest in that, but then how do you scale that to a group and find out this information? You know, in a larger scale, so, but no, you're, you're on the money man being vulnerable, allowing yourself to do this thing called five on the side, like, if a player gets a quick reminder, if they miss a layup, five on the side, just five quick push ups. And I always say, push ups are great, they're great for all of us. Whereas if I will mispronounce the name, or if I'm running a camp or something, and I make a mistake, boom, I'll pop down and do five on the side of myself, again, so you just make yourself vulnerable to them. They're like, Oh, it's just kind of fun. But it's amazing how five on the side is a quick reminder of a correction, as opposed to like yelling and screaming at someone, like an idiot, you know what I mean? So, anyway, but you know, your your your content today, man was honored. That, yeah, I love I love it,

[1940:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had to help you.

[1940:21] Mark Phelps: Well, obviously, we're all at different stages. And I'm just at the beginning. But just a quick couple of questions about what my thoughts are. And please feel free to shoot them down. If, if they don't make any sense. But, you know, we talked about being having two audiences, the parent and the coach, we think the parent, I think the parent is more valuable. I think there's more parents, there's more parents who are willing to invest more. And again, this is how do you optimize your kid who has a love for basketball? How do you optimize their experience? So with that, I'm thinking, you know, just just the beginning stages of an offer a PDF, okay, this is to gather in a PDF is basically a checklist, I mean, maybe one or two pages, whatever it is, and just quick bullet points of these are important aspects. And then the second one would be an ebook, where you just take the PDF and you expand on it. And, you know, you know, make an ebook, by the way, is there? Is there a general length for an ebook? Is there like, you know,

[1959:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: 20 pages, if it's free off, yeah. Well, there's like the perfect amount. But I've made books and like, one of them was 36 pages, the other was 21. So like, it's very hard to get it down to 12 for a free ebook.

[1964:48] Mark Phelps: Okay, well, let me ask you this, what I was thinking was the PDF was that two page free checklist? And again, just to get, and then an ebook as a really low end offer? Yes. or No? or the or the I mean, the ebooks like 790 989, whatever, something along those lines. Yeah,

[1969:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: those are, I mean, even like, 499, under $5, it would be nice. Okay. For that urge for it. I think that that's great. That then you still need to have some kind of a like, like a class that's on? Yeah, well, the, okay,

[1975:19] Mark Phelps: well, the third one I was thinking was then straight to group video coaching, consulting, were kind of like what you're doing. And I have parents on where there's a, there's a topic, there's my content, and then there's q&a, yes or no, or before that

[1980:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: video teaching for that we still need something that's under really, I would say under again, that $30 $50 price point, okay, that it's enough that they're making an investment, and they value it, but it's not the whole thing, kind of like the five day that I mean, that was that was in depth. But compared to what it takes to build one of these businesses, it's still barely scratched the surface. Right? So it's kind of like something like that. And what I've found is that like, whenever I deliver the five day for me, I'm doing it a little bit differently than how everybody needs to as I do I do it live and I change it every time I do it because I'm finding my language is getting better and so it's I have it I'm doing a lot of work as far as that goes. You could make just a video training and then you see how that does for you for like six months. Just so then you don't have to like redo it till six months or even a year later. Now if it's not doing anything, then it's like okay, let's redo it. I'm I'm you know, I talk so often My gosh, I'm realizing this scenario, I'm probably not vulnerable enough. And I talk so often about like not being a perfectionist to make everything better and better and better for you put it out there. But I am super much a perfectionist about making everything better and better and better, but I put it out there at each stage. So I've put it out there, and then I know that next time, it's gonna be just a little bit better. It's gonna be a little bit better.

[2006:41] Mark Phelps: That's how I've conceptualize Yeah, the not being imprisoned by perfectionism is put it out there, but knowing that the next iteration is going to be there, there's going

[2009:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be improvements to make and it's not holding back. You know, I, that's one of the greatest things that I get sad of, and this is just for everybody else, whether you're watching this recording, or you're on here live, that makes me sad. And I see people waiting to put their first offer out there, because they're not sure if it's good enough to make it public. It's like, it's good enough. Like, if you've been thinking about it for a year, it's good enough. If you've been thinking about it for two months, it's good enough, I think, you know, especially especially

[2018:13] Mark Phelps: especially a free offer, right? Like, look, I know what I'm gonna do like, like, my first one is going to be Hey, if you want, because I've seen it kind of in this space, do you want to pay get my free PDF checklist on the things you should be thinking about?

[2021:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have found the reason people don't put it out there, they just don't want to disappoint people with their paid offer. Like they don't want people to feel like oh, this wasn't worth what I paid for it. And then they get upset. And I've actually had to, like come to grips with like, well, less than 5% of people might still think that even if it's incredible. You know, like, and it's it's got for me, it's less than 1% For me, and I'm like, I pride myself in that fact. But that 1% eats me alive that those people don't like it. And now I've gotten to a place now where it doesn't eat me alive. Like I'm fully accepted. Like, they might literally think that I'm the worst person ever. But I got these 99 other people that think it's incredible. So I'm gonna lean in and focus on those 99 and let go of the one that thinks, you know, well, you're not, you could you could be a lot better Jeremy. And I'm like, of course, I'm gonna be a lot better. I know that myself. You're not telling me the I don't know.

[2039:06] Mark Phelps: Yeah, it's, it's crippled me in my start simply because my experiences have been with a group of 12 players where I can sense if I'm not making a connection, and I can go pick that, well, I'm going to be at almost 100% efficiency with 12 to 15 players, but in this space with you, you're not ever going to get you don't have the time like, like, like, totally we have our people like we have our people that are met, we're met for and the other people were just not met, it's crippled me. I'm Wait, I'm Pastor. That's why I'm starting. That's why

[2048:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have that, you know, the $14,000 one on one offer for some people. You know, and I we've had, we've had, we have one person this week, take it, which is awesome. So I'm excited to Austin to you. And I'm like, Okay, that one person. I'm like, I'm so excited to work with them. They're very successful already in their in their business. And so but they want to go further. And so I'm like, Okay, this is awesome. And so that's why I do offer opportunities. But I charge more for that. And I've had to come to grips with the fact that okay, there might be people that need one on one coaching that can't afford it. But because I'm building a business, I've had to realize it's okay. That, that I don't work with them at that level, and that they work with me on the level that they can show up. Yes, yeah. I

[2063:13] Mark Phelps: have two more quick questions. And I have lists, and most of my lists, believe it or not, our cell phones. Alright, so I have this crazy idea. Okay, so

[2066:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: your notes app on the phone? Yeah,

[2067:30] Mark Phelps: yes. Like I have, like, you know, exactly. And then actually on the on the notes of a contact I'll put like, oh yeah, I use the notes notion of the contact was great. So like, for instance, if I meet anybody because of you, I'll put Jeremiah Krakowski in the notes. And when I type in Jeremiah Krakowski. I have all these people that show up because that reminds me you know, yeah, so, I do tool, anyone who refers me to somebody else, I will put their name in the notes of the new contracts. And because sometimes you'll forget, hey, who did I meet, like two weeks ago, but I know who introduced me boom, and then it goes on. But um, what I was going to ask was, that's really

[2078:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: good advice. I like that.

[2079:53] Mark Phelps: So So I want to do a free weekly email. And it's going to have three sections, it's going to be a quick a quick snippet for a coach going to be a quick snippet for a parent and a quick snippet. For a player. Now the one for the player is really designed for the parents, so they can see kind of it, they may want to share that with their player. But again, my, my audiences, the coach and the parent with just, it may be you know, a coaches get to know your player story, boom. And there's a paragraph or two about what that's all about a parent's here are the three things that you need to do. You know, to optimize your kids experience, you know, the classic program, the AAU program, and the individual training program. And then players, here's three things you need to do when you show up to practice to make sure you're impressing. So anyway, I'm thinking of this three, obviously, this weekly email where it actually makes it simpler, Jeremiah, in my mind, because I don't have to go into great depth, because I'm covering three things. And the other thing is, a coach can see what I'm saying to appear, a parent can see what I'm saying to a coach, and they actually gives me cross credibility, if that makes sense. You know? So with that, I have all these cell phones, and I have a I have a go high level. So like, is there a way I can do an email to a cell phone number? Is that a link? Like, how do I fetch those people because I

[2102:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: haven't been set? Well, so that's, that is what a quote unquote, like sales letter or landing page kind of is, is it's a link that you send to a page that they can visit. So you could text that link, and then they could read it, instead of it being an email. It's a link.

[2107:55] Mark Phelps: And then I solicit their email, you look, I got your cell phone number, by the way, go to this link. And then, you know, again, solicit their email so that I eventually build an email list. I mean,

[2111:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where two things are broken down into, we got different tranches of people you already know. So you got coaches, players, parents,

[2113:08] Mark Phelps: yes, yeah. And your

[2113:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: friends, sometimes you talk to them separately different than you just you know, but sometimes you talk to them together. And then there's this whole world out there people you've never met. to, and then you figure out, Okay, which one do they kind of fit into? Right? And then like, what, that's where eventually, it's like, which focus is the most profitable for this part of your business? You know, and that's really it's the old adage, go, where you're celebrated, not where you're tolerated.

[2122:27] Mark Phelps: Amen,

[2122:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I got you on that. One is the ones who celebrate you are always going to be the, because the people that are in this group here are the people who celebrate me, is really what it is. My coach at the accelerator is those who celebrate me the most. The ones who are my VIP as some of them, but not all of them. There's a whole world of people out there that can't tolerate me even they don't even like me. But there's those that are the ones the ones that I want to work with, as I'm gearing all my messaging around the ones who really celebrate me to find more of those people. And that becomes very profitable

[2132:08] Mark Phelps: to expose enables. Quick, quick story, I was at a division one program, the head coach loved me, absolutely loved me, I made a lateral move to another division one program that I thought was a step up, and it wasn't step up that coach and this is unheard of, I'm making a lateral move that coach through a going away party. The President was there, the athletic director, I mean, it was an incredible party, that my wife, flowers, thanking me for my one year service thanking her and I'm like, Hold on now. These people are really celebrating me. And I went to another place where I had him and home about 500 ollar Nike contract like yeah, like, and I knew, by the way, I knew I made a mistake. And it's funny, you know, where you're, where you're valued, where you're respected, and where you're celebrated hugely is an indication of probably where you belong at that particular time. I love that you said that.

[2148:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And often it also for this might not be relevant to your situation. But I think to everybody else is here it's a great indicator of the inner work that you've done as well. I think a lot of the inner work that we do, cuz you can I have noticed as I do more inner work. I am more celebrated in places where I used to be tolerated. And so I have actually found I'd become hesitant to engage with certain groups of people that celebrate me today because they merely tolerated me five years ago. And so then I found that actually, there's gold over there because I finally I have a whole new audience of people. So there is there's a whole group of people that like Just I have like, thought I completely burned bridges with for a while. And now I'm finding that like certain people from that group are coming back around and they're like, hey, like, you know, you were kind of crazy back then. But now we love what you're doing. And I'm like, Okay, this is interesting, like, What in the world has shifted. And so So, too, there's like a full circle type of a thing where it's like, it's interesting, because I think subconsciously, I was probably doing a lot of the work to maybe even fit back in that category. And I'll tell you, one, I still have a niche that I know that I'm called to impact. That merely tolerates me. It's the it's the it's the coaches, and mentors that are already making a few million dollars. And I get the worst feedback from them. But I also have had the most success and the best experience with them when they realize what I what I have to offer. Like, those are the those are really the people I want to work with long term as these. But I know that I'm most celebrated with the beginners. Yeah. So I've had to come to grips with the fact that I actually probably have more value for the people that are already very successful. But I'm not I'm nearly tolerated by a lot of them. But the beginners really love what I'm offering. And so I'm leaning into that. And the more I lean into this group now, people that are more successful are coming to me like saying, wow, like we see what you're doing. And it's because I focus in on and I and I, I tend to look at that. Biblical biblically of being faithful with the little things that God has put in,

[2190:23] Mark Phelps: it resonates so much. I'm not going to blabber my mouth. Yeah, I'll give an example. But it resonates so much. I mean, that's, that's, that's awesome. You're, you're, you're you're hitting it out of the park for me today.

[2194:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. So I like a PDF checklist offer, I think it's a great way to grow an email list. I like an ebook, whether it be free or paid. But those are kinda like they're like teaser offers, the real offer is still going to be some kind of a low cost. Video, entry level course. Yep. And then from those who go through that, and that's kind of where I've shifted my language, even to where I'm like, you know, I have this accelerated program, I have one on one coaching, but everybody needs to go through the entry level course first before I let them in to decide if they're ready for that. And that positioning has really helped is that like, because I look at I've had people that last year, I have about 10 people that they're like, oh, I don't want to do your five days, I just want to join the accelerator. Every single one of them asked for their money back in 30 days. Well, because I let them in without going through the thing. Whereas I rarely have people ask for my money. They go through really valuable. So I'm like, okay, Alan, and this is where it gets very interesting. Now, I've started to say, No, I'm not gonna let you in the accelerator unless you go through this. About half the time they're like, Okay, and I never hear from them again. But the other half of the time I get a nasty message is like, what kind of jerk asshole would turn away good business? And I'm just like, Okay, well, you know, what, like, you have what, what

[2218:56] Mark Phelps: is what? What is what is the psychology of that, though? I mean, you like what is it like, like, they have to demonstrate it, they have to demonstrate that they have a genuine, sincere, authentic interest before they can. They're willing to

[2222:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: show it's actually I think they're understanding the purpose of the program better and how to use it better. Because I because I think that and that could be a, I'll say that's probably a back to my whole message today, a downfall of mine that I can shore up is that I know I can get better at explaining what I do to people to where it takes less interaction to do that. But I found that it takes a lot more time for people to really understand what I do. And if people are one of them is if they're impatient for success, or they're not willing to go through the process, they're probably not going to want to connect, or if they get angry at me that I am saying no, that person is almost demonstrating that they're not even going to be able to take coaching because they're just used to getting their way and pushing people around.

[2236:54] Mark Phelps: Yeah, so I I see your look, free five day $27 For the upgrade, extra sessions slash q&a And then boom, you know, the accelerated like,

[2241:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: later this year, I'm probably gonna get rid of the q&a. And I'm probably going to make it later this year where it's just, it's the same pre recorded five day that I have people register for instead of it being live like a live thing. And so it's

[2245:26] Mark Phelps: still go. So go small, small, I mean, under $30 for that is that we were saying, yeah, and

[2246:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: still do that to where I don't have to show up. So I now I've removed all that time, because my language message and qualification process have gotten dialed in much better. And it's still producing more profit by pulling back the amount of effort. So that's, that's my like, this year, that's my goal this year, is to actually pull back from connecting that deeply with anybody until they get into the accelerator. While simultaneously and we've gotten I think, I think Sue had mentioned this, I'd like to add a higher level group program that's like, you know, maybe six or 7000 for the year. That's a higher level just for a few handful of people. But I really want that to be done well. And again, that's my own perfectionism. And I know that so like, everything that I teach you guys, I'm also dealing with myself, but you're seeing the you've only been here for like, a week or two. But there's some people here that have been here for the last year. And they've literally seen me I'm a different person than I was January 120 23. Now I didn't have I also didn't have a child that so that has trust me.

[2267:54] Mark Phelps: Yeah, bullseye on that, hey, a spouse and children and and it ups your self awareness, that's for sure. Up Your ability to look at yourself. And

[2271:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you can grow in that self awareness with friends and people that are not that close. But it I think it's a great accelerator is what it is. Well, look,

[2274:10] Mark Phelps: you can always run away from your friend, you can't look you live in the same house. Look, when you when you I just we just said my wife and I said, Look, we need to be open to being challenged by each other. Yeah, absolutely. Like, yeah, but you can't get away from your friends when you live in the same house. Yeah, like you have to you have to settle that issue, whatever it is, or get better. So but this, this was awesome. I'm glad. I'm glad I raised my hand.

[2281:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you're I think you're resonating with kind of the model for you, I think. process through some what we're talking about. One thing, I had a thought for you and then we'll, I gotta log off here. But thank you, as you start demonstrating what you're doing with the parents and the players, there will be coaches that take notice. Yes, and and then they will, they will actually want to know they will want to do what you've done with the players and parents, with their players love it. And then sort of become as you sort of, have this ecosystem where you're showing them how to do that, because you're, you're having so much success with this thing over here. And they almost feel like they're on the outside looking in like okay, what's Mark got that we don't

[2295:43] Mark Phelps: So, love it. Love it. Thank you. Awesome. Agree. And I haven't

[2296:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: seen that from my own business because I have a very weird perspective of being in the industry for over 20 years of of online coaching and courses. So day one, it was an online based coaching sales process that we did so like 20 years of seeing that and the and the mistakes and all that a ton of it is me so much data as to what to do, what not to do. And yeah, I'm like, I'm still unpacking How do I make this practical for my group, you know? And so, yep, you're you're sort of what you're what you're seeing what I'm doing here is a microcosm of what I tell everybody that they can build in their own unique space.

[2309:15] Mark Phelps: Yeah, well, all I know is the timing has been perfect for me like like you came along. This came along at the right time and a lot more. Yeah, no, it's it's again, I could go on forever, but it's perfect. It's awesome. And I appreciate it. All

[2313:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. Well, hey, everybody, I'm gonna log off here. Thanks for being here. Thanks for going through this process with us we unpacked a lot today. This was like a its own masterclass today, I think. I think it's just because I've been really inspired. You want to know what has inspired me the most this week? And it'll be shot. It's again, it's always shocks everyone because it's like it doesn't make sense. But it's my own unique process. I've played more video games this week than I have in six months. And for some reason, it taps me into this new place of creativity and coaching and all of that, that's different than when I like, and just on the grind. And so I tell people that I've had so many mentors telling me you got to cut out the video. And I'm like, like, it actually makes me better at everything when I am playing video games. So again, not everybody is that way. I know Elon Musk is that way, which is interesting, because he talks about that too. I think it's just the way my brain is wired is I just I'm I'm better at everything else when I give myself that little bit of time. And maybe it was a half hour the other day and a half hour yesterday. The actually the two times I played around the podcast I recorded which is funny, but yeah, it's helped me process stuff, which is cool. So Alright, everybody, have a good one and I will see y'all later.

