CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-06-03T19:02:50.000Z
Duration: 137 min
Otter ID: kWN4LSql0yTxq_hAOtJfIzWif2E
---

[0:24] Speaker 0: All right.

[1:07] Speaker 1: There we go. Live on the streaming platforms, live training plus, q&a, we're gonna do this during the stream. And let's go grab the group real quick. All right? Well, I am excited about today, what we're going to be going over, you're watching this recording says definitely going to be probably one of the more important trainings that we have, it's kind of like a State of the Union of a lot of online marketing and things like that. So there we go, we're gonna go live.

[14:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: In the group, we're gonna go to zoom. And here we are. Well, we're gonna, we're, I guess I'm a little bit early right now. But if any of y'all are watching me in the Facebook group, I am excited couple of things. couple of housekeeping things, we

[18:20] Speaker 1: have been working to transition the members area over for everybody, where when they log in, they only see the main offerings, the main courses, trainings. And so if you log into the members area,

[23:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: you will notice that there's only going to kind of be like, for like six items that are going to come up for you, it takes a little bit longer than we had anticipated to do that, because you got to, like manually go in and set that up for every single person to be able to,

[28:37] Speaker 1: you know, distinguish that they that old there is only those pieces of content that they're going to see. But what that looks like, is this right here? Okay. Wait, let me copy the invitation. Link. Here. Hopefully, you know what I just realized. I don't know if I actually put the link in the Facebook group. What's up, y'all was the link working.

[39:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's the link in the email working. Oh, I didn't post the Zoom link in the Facebook group. That's what it is. There we go. There's the Zoom link to join us live on Zoom. How y'all doing today?

[43:16] Speaker 1: How's everybody doing up in here? Listen, I am excited for today's training that we're going to be going over. As far as this goes, I was just mentioning on the on the just the recording that we have to go through like every account and basically transition everybody's account over to where they only see that kind of the six main categories. So the six main categories are the free webinars archive right there. And the beginner courses, intermediate courses, learning library, start here, monthly group calls. So it's kind of everything goes into those six, if you have any VIPs that you purchase, those will still be there. If you bought any courses separately from me, we're going to log those and then we got to go back and basically give everybody access to those back. But we got a system that we're doing with that we've, I've had my assistant doing it full time for the last like three days. And so it's not over the weekend, but like last week, so it'll probably take till the end of the week, I thought it was gonna be like a two day long thing. No, it's like a whole like week and a half long thing to go into everybody's accounts and do that. So one recommendation I'm gonna give you is if you're if you have more than five courses and your membership or coaching area is figure out which categories you eventually want to slip those into as far as that goes. That's going to be something as well that I'm going to be I'm going to be teaching

[65:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: in a new course that I've not done I haven't updated in like four years, there's this one is called Easy course Creation Blueprint. I'm going to make kind of an updated version of that we're going to talk about creating courses. How do you structure like course curriculum? How do you use think if ik I'm also going to show a few of the different features and some of the other course builder software's that are out there. So I think that that'll be really valuable for people that they come in here. And they're like, Okay, how do I actually create course content can when we're talking about what we actually sell to people, right? We have the marketing and sales piece. And this is by the way, I think it's still the most important this is the value as to why everybody's in this program and how do we market and sell our business but you need a product right here, which includes coaching, which includes courses and we wrap it up into a generally a membership Where you get recurring revenue each month as far as that goes to get this. So having courses inside of there is a valuable thing. I did a little study because we have over 47 courses in the members area. And I found that there were really only like five main topics that people were actually watching of our courses. So even though we have all these courses, there's really only five topics that actually people are going through. And that's what I'm leaning into now in all of my marketing, and all of the upcoming courses is are those main topics. If there's other things that maybe people want me to cover, I might, instead of making them a course in the members area, I might actually just move them over to YouTube, if it's like a technical training on a piece of software or things like that, because I find that if I give the tech training over on YouTube, somebody gets used to the tech part. And now they want to learn how to market it because they feel comfortable with the tech. So it's almost like I'm going in reverse order of how I've been thinking about things. And this is sort of just a new way that I'm looking at stuff like that. And where I want the benefits, all y'all is this.

[96:45] Speaker 1: I was thinking about this before this call, if you ever see me posting on YouTube, or free content, stuff that maybe you would think well, that should only be in the accelerator, it's because I'm wanting to go deeper with the accelerator on what's actually going to make you money instead of bogging us down and like, Okay, we have all this like these things that we're having to do that way I have trainings that we can refer people to and stuff like that. So that's just a way to look at things, that's a way to look at it as far as your business. And it's where it's like, you know, when we if you go, I did some marketing for a college, and they had so many classes, so many courses. And part of the benefit of that is they had like student advisors that were moving people along that I don't have student advisors. So if I had like a whole student advisor staff, it makes sense to have all of these massive amount of courses in there. But because I'm kind of like the overarching message and all of that, and we're really leaning into not having to work more than 10 to 15 hours a week in your business, not having to have a ton of staff as well, as a big part of that. I think that's something we should talk about too more is how you don't need a ton of staff. It's like, okay, let's let's figure out what are the main areas people really need when they jump into here as far as this goes. So everybody who's in here, you're looking to market and sell your business, you do want to know how to structure courses, coaching and membership, you want to know, how do I nurture trust with people? How do I get new people that I've never met to become a client of mine. And then from there, what creates the machine, it's more than just a funnel. But it really is a machine, a profit machine that generates 100,000 150,200 $50,000 a month or a year, a month would be great as well, right? But a year in your coaching or course business. So that's what that's what I want to focus on here today. And this live training is what I'm looking at as far as the the machine and the model of how the where the whole industry has shifted in the last six months. How many y'all want to know that, where everything has kind of shifted, and the new model of where I'm going to be going, you're gonna start seeing me implement it after this webinar that I'm doing. I'm going to steal probably, I'm going to still do webinars, but I'm going to only if I do a multi day event, I'm going to charge for it. And the only people that are going to get marketed to a paid multi day event are already on my email list. They are already on a texting community. They're already engaging with me and are highly, highly engaged as far as that goes. Okay? If I host a webinar, I may only do those once a month, but they're all going to be pre recorded, moving forward. And then there's a piece that I'm adding to it. And I guess that's really what I want to talk about here today. How many of y'all have noticed my YouTube channel? And what's been going on on my YouTube channel? Okay, let's go on over to YouTube here. And I'm going to show you on my channel videos. This is in the last month right here. That looks way different than my youtube channel looked prior to a month ago, right?

[150:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, like, like that looks almost like when you log into Netflix a little bit and you get to see a variety of different topics and things like that. We got Michelle Kosinski, right here, by the way with James Curran, incredible podcast if you have not checked that out, it's probably one of the coolest like mindset conversations that I've had, where it's like three different perspectives on mindset two that all converge together around really the same common

[157:20] Speaker 1: outcome is what it is. It's awesome. So it's really fun to kind of have that conversation. But what you're noticing here is all the different videos that I'm doing, I'm going to tell you this one All these videos have in common. I did not plan or prep for any of them before I recorded them.

[161:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I didn't come up with notes for what I wanted to talk about. What I did do was I had an idea that I sort of wrestled with for like, before I went to bed. And if I woke up, and I still thought about the idea, I was like, Okay, today, I'm gonna record a video on that topic. So like, two days ago, I was like, I'm gonna record a video on the best lead magnet, landing pages for coaches.

[168:00] Speaker 1: Yesterday night, I got so inspired, I don't know what it was, but it was just like, the Holy Spirit was on me and I got to talk.

[170:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did go to church that day. So there you go. But it was like how to find the most profitable niche to coach online, it's probably one of the best trainings I've ever done about finding your niche, as far as that goes, okay. And so one of the things as well that you'll notice on all of these videos, is all of the topics that I'm talking about are what I was covering in my webinars, or my free challenges. So if you if you actually took the time, which you don't need to take the time to, but you actually took the time to go through these YouTube videos, you'll notice, there's nothing in these videos that I haven't already covered before in webinars that people had to register for, or challenges.

[182:05] Speaker 1: And there's very little that I actually cover in these videos that we cover here in the accelerator program overall. Because these are twofold, number one, they are experimental to where I get to experiment with different forms of messaging, leading up to my webinar that I'm hosting. So what I've done is I've actually been able to process and toss around different ways of explaining myself in these videos than I would do on a webinar. The other side of it is that they are very, they're very extemporaneous. They're not planned out. They're there, they have a they have a focus. But I really, each one of these videos is just me speaking on a topic, very relaxed, talking off the cuff. It's there's not a whole, like, necessarily structure to them, but they actually do have a cadence to them that you'll recognize, which is highly, highly engaging. That leads up to we're halfway through the video, I mentioned the accelerator program. I soft mentioned my live event, my webinar that I'm doing. And then at the very end, in the last five minutes, I go into like a micro pitch for my accelerator program. And then what you'll notice is in the description of every one of these videos, I have a different headline that basically tells people to click over the accelerator, work with me to make big money in your business while we build out your marketing and sales process together. Okay, so then this clicks over to the accelerator right here, join the waiting list, okay. But now they're pixeled on my website, so I can retarget those people with any webinars that I have.

[211:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, let's go over here, this one right here, it's a different headline. Let's build out your lead magnet and funnels together in my program, check out my upcoming training events here. So I've made sure that the homepage of my site always has whatever upcoming event that I have if I'm hosting one.

[216:09] Speaker 1: And then I also have another video that I had mentioned about copywriting secrets right there. So it links to the other video that was another tip that I had found watching a few videos is like if you can keep people on the platform watching additional videos, that's another thing like that. Actually, running a six figure coaching business just 10 hours a week if you want to work with me putting it all together and your business are here. So every video has a slightly different headline that's tuned, based on what I talked about in the main video itself, start using AI to grow your business with me and my accelerator program. Okay, so the idea is to pixel people to go over to my website on these. But here's the benefit of it. It's experimental for me to tune my communication, my thought process, how I'm explaining myself to get better at what I'm actually going to teach in the webinars are lead magnets that I'm creating. Okay, now here's where things have changed. A year ago, two years ago, people were very likely to sit through a five day challenge with you a three day challenge. When no not very many people were doing those now everybody's got a challenge or a multi day event and

[237:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, they they they get burnt out as far as that goes and especially if the topic is the same thing. Like me getting people to to attend a multi day event or Around launching their offer, I have to find a different topic to create a multi day event for. So instead what I'm doing is a 90 Minute or 120 Minute Webinar. Because people don't have to block out three to five days in their calendar to listen to me as far as this goes, what I found was over the last four months, every time I host a single day event, I have massive amounts of attendance on those single day webinars, but very few people have been showing up to the multi day events. So that tells me a pivot that is starting to happen in the marketplace. And then what I did, because this is exactly what you need to do, and if you're not doing this, you're not going to be able to like stay ahead of the curve. As far as your marketing goes. You need to pay attention to who and what your competitors are actually using to market and gain clients and their businesses in their niches. What are other people doing in your space to market and get clients and then do what they do? So take a look at that, that looks different for a lot of people as far as that goes. But what I'm looking at is this is that a lot of people are running 20 to 30 minute micro presentation webinars, to her has the same type of sales copy just like a 90 minute or 120 minute or a five day challenge. It makes the same bold promises that a five day challenge would, right. But it's only a 30 minute deal. Because they found now recently and I've seen a lot of data on this psychologically, people's attention span past about 20 to 30 minutes, massively dips. As far as that goes. Massively drops off. That's awesome. You have your Irish coach. So that's very cool. So that massively dips as far as that goes, because

[273:11] Speaker 1: two things artificial intelligence is changing how people engage with stuff. They're used to now instant gratification asking chat CPT for answers. So if somebody has to wait a week or two to join your webinar, they have to wait three days to get the answer in a long form challenge, they're gonna get burnt out as far as that goes. Now the other approach is what is there's a reverse approach that I've noticed because I what I did was I went through a bunch of my competitors 20 to 30 minute micro webinars, and I watched it, there's a different cadence and how we've been doing everything. So they start with a many all of them do and many sales pitch at the beginning.

[286:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So they actually tell you at the beginning what they're selling at the end, instead of waiting for the end to say it. Here's why this is psychologically, this is a massive shift that's been happening recently, people are tired of sitting through a whole webinar with a huge pitch at the end and all of that and they feel really like burnt out and yucky at the end of that. So if you just get that out of the way right at the beginning, and then go into your content, you have a sense, essentially rip the band aid off much quicker. And now there's nothing else that you can do or say that's really going to bother them that much as far as that goes. So if you say hey, you know, I got a program, it's like this, we'd love to have you a bunch of you are going to join that. So like for me, I actually want to I'm going to start my webinar on Wednesday saying, Hey, listen, we've opened the doors to my accelerator. It's open right now. Here it is, check it out. We'd love to have you all join us. Now let's dive into the content. So the idea is you're like, wait, what? Whoa, okay, so now there's an there's, they're in the back of their mind, they're thinking You mean I can work with you further after this session.

[302:47] Speaker 1: Okay. And you just and you only touch on it for like 30 to 60 seconds max. It's so it's not even many it's like, it's like a micro pitch. But you're telling them like the card is open, you can do this, you can go check that out. And you just like skate over it. And then you go right into your content, where you're delivering value and you don't even share like necessarily a lot of your story or how you got there or things like that. What you do is you go right into the tangible implementation that they came there for. And so you've already done you've already told them about your for sale. You go right into the the implementation.

[314:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Well, I'm going to break down for you how to build out your offer how to do all of this, okay, right. It feels really good to do this. It's very aligned as far as that goes. Because the people that are meant to be your people, they're gonna like this. They're gonna be like, okay, like, this is awesome. He's delivering. He's not wasting my time with a big long story and a bunch To testimonials, and I already know what he asked for sales, I don't have to worry about some crazy sales pitch at the end, right. And one, one added bonus that I saw as people as they said, By the way, if you wait till the end of this, I'm going to tell you about a way that you can get a whole bunch of free stuff when you enroll this this week, that way, you know, if you're rolling, enroll any other time, you know, get a bunch of that free stuff, but I got some bonuses for you just for being here today that I'm gonna give you for enrolling. So you're even mentioning your fast start bonuses and all of that your if you have a miski if you have a the most incredible free gift ever. That's what the miski is. Yeah, so like for me, I give away my ads class for free and funnel building class for free. As far as that goes. I'm probably just gonna give those two away this next time. And then here's the crazy part. Watch this, you close it out with your story.

[335:49] Speaker 1: So you actually close it out with the story of how you got to the place you are today. How you learned what you know today? What like what like you so you can you can micro qualify what you've done in the beginning, right? So I'm doing the same thing in my videos, I say Listen, my name is Jeremiah Krakowski. For the last 21 years, I've been helping some of the top mentors, trainers and coaches in the world scale their businesses, built multiple coaching and mentoring businesses over $10 million myself. And I want to help you scale your business, whether you're just starting out to make your first five to $25,000 a month. Now let's go past this. Okay, but at the end of it, I can explain listen, you know, when I started out in business, I was just a video guy, I started out just being the video guy that was helping all these people do this. And literally I can go through my story. And I had these ups and downs. And I didn't believe in myself that I could actually do this. So the idea is they can see the confidence in me already, they can see that I have something of value to offer them, they know that I have something for sale. Now what it's going to do is it's going to trigger in their mind. The emotional factor that's going to drive them to buy is like whoa, he knows what it's like to struggle. She knows what it's like to struggle, this client that they help knows what it's like. So that's where you then tell client testimonials as well as far as that goes. And then you close it out with just another invite to whatever your your thing is, as far as that goes. Okay. So that's one way of doing these micro offers. Another one is to is you don't even sell them on this part of it right here, you say, Listen, I'd love for you to apply. You know, I'd love for you to just apply. And that's where you can have a button where they can schedule a call with you to do an application. I funnel hack somebody this morning that had a really cool application funnel, you apply for a call, and then he has another 30 minute video for you to decide if you actually want to take the call with him. And it was like, it was like an additional training that was just like one of these. That was like three more concepts before you decide to commit to the call. So that was kind of cool. I don't I don't know the facts and figures on that. But that feels pretty interesting to me to hyper qualify the calls if you're getting like low quality calls with people. So that's one of the things you can do application, or you can send them straight to your offer. If it's a webinar, you can probably send them straight to your offer. Or, and this is the one that I actually really want to try out is I might run a 20 to 30 minute deal over here. And it's a no pitch offer at all. So there's actually no sales pitch. At the end of it. I mentioned to them, that if you want to dive deeper, I've actually put together a 90 minute training that breaks all of this down for you. It's completely free, you can check this out. And then you give them the link to register for phase two where you pitch them. So you don't even pitch them over here. You just get them over to phase two, which is over here. So it's a it's a remember, some of y'all have noticed I did these 90 minute webinars and then I went to a five day challenge. This is the same cycle. But we shrunk the timeline 20 minute micro webinar to a 60 to 90 minute micro intensive which is basically another webinar but it's longer. And so what you're doing is you're able to stack this up to where basically you spend about two hours with them. And there's also a concept and it actually comes from the dating world, which is really powerful if you've ever I don't know how many people have studied, like, pickup artists and what they do with with dating is something that a lot of it's really nasty and it's not ethical and stuff like that. But there's one element that's really powerful. That applies to sales and marketing. And if you think back to when you were Eating. And any anybody who knows, like what it takes a date, there's a reason why you don't go home to sleep with somebody on the first date, it just feels terrible.

[402:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: You want to move somebody from one location to another. Now there's two things that this does. Number one, it resets the brain a little bit to where any sort of limitations or excuses or things like that become reset. And they get the excitement of being in a new place back again, so it fires the dopamine off. And oftentimes, they found that people are more easily persuaded when they're in a new location as far as that goes. So this is why oftentimes, in the pickup artists world, what they taught was like, if you want to pick up a lady on one to two dates, like you go to like three or four locations, because it sort of like mixes up the brain as far as that goes, knowing that you will be surprised how many times that happens in marketing and sales as far as that goes. Because if you move somebody from here to another offer right here, that's another free offer. It does that exact same thing psychologically, to the prospect.

[418:24] Speaker 1: And so it's it's an, it's a very interesting thing. As far as it goes, it, there's a pros and cons to again, I'm not going to go into the ethics of doing that with dating, especially if it's like, just trying to get somebody to sleep with you. But they found the pickup artists guys were like, yeah, like if you move a woman to like four different locations over the period of a night, it feels like you went on for four dates in one night, is what it is. So again, but in our marketing, you can see how that would be a positive to move somebody from one location to another and that it actually amplifies your attractiveness to the right person and amplifies their desire to want to do something on the next step with you because they've already taken the leap to another thing with you. So because they've gone from phase one to leap number two over here, the chances of them from leaping from here to your paid program are much higher than trying to just pitch them over here. As far as that goes, okay. You can either send them from here to an application call or from here to like another training. As far as that goes, those are kind of the two approaches that I would do it. I don't I don't know if I would send them straight to purchase off of a 20 to 30 minute, unless maybe it's like a low ticket 720 $7 type of a thing, which again, is just like this jump right here. So ultimately, what we're saying is, is we're going from low value, it's actually not low value, it's low. Cost, they have to give less to be there, they have to give less, less time to be here. People see their time as extremely scarce today. Artificial Intelligence, social media, you can scroll on tick tock for five to 10 minutes find answers really quickly. You can go to YouTube to find answers really quickly, we got artificial intelligence, how do us as coaches navigate the fact that that literally mega corporations are putting us out of business by doing a model like this. So you mark it to this right here, because now it's low commitment. They don't, that's what I was looking for low commitment. They don't have to commit 90 to 120 minutes to listen to you for just 20 minutes to see if they like you or not to say if they want to engage deeper with you. So then you can move them over to apply and I find the application funnel, if you're in the beginning of your business and application to a sales call could have a benefit for you. If you're really struggling to get people to go over here to until another long form presentation. But what I would like to do is automate both of these. This is pre recorded. This is pre recorded. Okay? Both of these are evergreen, is what it is. And I might have three or four of these over here. So I might have one on finding your niche that's 20 minutes long, I might have one on optimizing your Facebook ads, I might have one on starting a six figure online course business, I might have one on creating your lead magnet, I might have another one on how to only work five to 10 hours a week, maybe another one on copywriting secrets. So those are like six different micro trainings that I could use to lead everybody to the same automated evergreen pre recorded and probably what I would do is it would it be an evergreen pre recorded training that would be all about creating their offer. So that so so you're noticing I'm not changing my messaging at all across these verticals. That's by the way, that's a term and like marketing and media. It's called verticals. They call them verticals because it's like it's a different place that you go into. I don't know why it's called verticals, but that's what we always called it. It's like a It's a container. So we have different containers that we can move people to as far as this those, but I'm using the same container concepts, the containers that have been working the best for me for the last year and a half have been started coaching business, find your niche, create your lead magnet, run your ads, copywriting AI. So if I create lead magnets that are evergreen 20 minute trainings that are on a landing page that people sign up, they have to give me their name and email address. And I'm also going to add into it their phone number as well. Because then I can follow up with them, I got onto a few funnels with people that did this exact thing, where they would message me, I got onto a few of them right here. They would message me. And they would say, Hey, what's up? This is me, let me know. Here's the checklist that I promised you in the training. So one of the things is you can get a bonus by by also joining the text community, I thought that was pretty interesting that you can actually tell them, Okay, if you want to get this bonus, you got to give me your phone number. And now you can follow up through texting right here to say, hey, we'd love to talk with you about dialing in your niche.

[498:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so then here's a coaching session that they that an initial coaching session, Hey, would you like some clarity, it sends them to another one right here. And I can tell that they're tracking all of these. The third one is interesting. It says, Hey,

[502:19] Speaker 1: this one actually took me aback a little bit, but I was like, I liked the psychology of it. And the guy who sent this, he was actually the top coach and mentor in the dating world that sold the most profitable dating course over 30 years ago as far as that goes. So I joined his funnel right here because I know his sales copy is off the charts. The last one challenged me even when it came across it says hey, I don't know if you're like actually legit or not as a coach and I don't want to bug you. But if you are, check this out. I won't reach out again, but but I would love for you to book a call with me. His name's Eben Pagan. As far as that goes. He was known as David DeAngelo. Back in the day. That was his pen name for his dating class as far as that goes. But from a marketing perspective, he was actually one of the first funnels that I actually jumped into years ago when I was trying to just learn how to talk to girls as as a nerdy homeschool kid who had no confidence talking with with any women whatsoever. And then I was like, I went through all the pickup artists training, I was like, none of this feels good to me. I don't want to do any of this. But I picked up on like two or three little things and and then I finally felt confident like that I could actually talk to to women and went on dates. And then I met Abigail and I stopped dating and then we got married and now we got Halston, and we got another one on the way and yeah, there's a story right there for you. And I also throughout that realized, okay, you know what, maybe some of these dating approaches that me as a single guy were looking for, probably aren't that ethical. And this is way before to a lot of the me to movement stuff. It was like, you know, I don't think that content would fly to that, that they were teaching back then a lot of that was like nagging and like using negativity to like, it's basically straight up a gaslighting course is what they teach you. It's It's insanely narcissistic, and not something that actually ever felt good to me as far as that goes. But I was like, Well, gosh, if I have to learn this, okay, um, but I wasn't really a fan of it as far as that goes. But what I found was, is that the same strategies of dating were exactly what you need to know, to move people from a webinar to buy your coaching programs. It's the same exact marketing strategies. It's the same exact processes as far as that goes, because a lot of it comes from the advertising world in business, which there's a TV show, it's called Mad Men. I don't know how many of y'all have ever watched that show, I watched the first season of it, I wasn't really resonating with it that much. But I know, the first season alone has some pretty interesting stuff on it. It's all about there's a lesson in that where he talks about that it doesn't matter the fact that all your competitors are selling the same thing. And it matters how you feel that they trust you and like you and believe that you're different and better than everybody else, as far as that goes. So that's the belief that we want to impart into people as far as this goes. And what I like about this process is that people are more willing to go through a 20 minute training with us than a 90 to 120 minutes when they haven't even met us through a Facebook ad. Especially if it's instant access so they can watch. And there's some tools that you can use out there. There's one that we've tested out, it's called vid validox that allows you to even attach the Facebook pixel to how far they get into the 20 minute training. So you can actually fire the pixel based on them getting you know 10 To 15 to 20 minutes into the training as far as that goes. Okay, so all of this Is lead magnet grows your email list. This is only phase one of what I want to tell you guys today, which is awesome. There's a second phase to it. Okay. So here's the beauty of all of this. Back to YouTube, right? These right here are test videos for me that I've been testing out and dialing in and getting better and better and better at how do I explain what I'm going to be talking about in this training. However, the approach that you make with a YouTube video is a little bit different. YouTube is a lot more similar to the traditional webinar approach. As far as it goes, I might test this cadence out on the YouTube videos, see how that works. But what I'm doing over here is I am personally experimenting and testing, how do certain things sound? Am I losing my confidence at this stage of a conversation, I literally found myself in two of my YouTube videos this last week, losing my confidence as I was talking about one of the most important aspects of it. And I realized I had a trigger that I need to address. And I need to figure out what's the belief behind that it's a limiting belief, there's a memory about this that I had to then stop replaying that memory. And then I was able to competently explain that part of the video. So the YouTube content does two fold. It exposes me to an audience based on the algorithm on YouTube. Number two, it helps me get better at explaining myself as far as this goes. And I also post those on my Facebook. And here's one of the things is that I have always looked at my content on social media, for two reasons. Number one, to build trust with people that are already following me. Number two, I'm never looking at it to go viral and be the thing that actually brings clients to me. But number three, I also look at it as a way to grow in my confidence to actually deliver when I'm doing a webinar or one of these events that I'm actually doing as a lead magnet. How many of you have never created like a 20 to 30 minute video that you put on YouTube, or Facebook. And then you go out there to do a webinar. And you don't feel confident showing up in one of these is because you're not doing this activity consistently enough, you're not speaking consistently enough. And this is why I think speaking, we almost put it on this pedestal of like, I gotta get so good at speaking before I can finally show up and speak. When in fact, when you speak on camera, and you actually talk and you start teaching, we have access to for free, we can post videos and see what kind of reaction we get from people every single day, Facebook, YouTube, and we can record content that we can then that can help us grow in our confidence to be able to put that stuff out there. Again, I'm not going to be talking about that on this video right here on this training. But if you've not created long form video, when it comes to like a 2020 to 40 minute video and just put it on YouTube, put it on your Facebook page where you're teaching a concept from your coaching program where you might be teaching a concept. That's maybe the first lesson of your paid program as far as that goes. And you give it away for free and you test out different headlines. These titles you test out text on your social media to see which ones resonate, which ones are getting people connecting with you. And then you go out there to launch an ad you go out there to launch this. It's an exercise in growing and your confidence so that when you show up, you actually feel like oh, I've done this before I do this every day of the week. Well, you don't have to do it every day of the week. But I do this all the time. This isn't a new thing. For me, this isn't something that I have to like build up to. And what it does is it actually shrinks the the, the how scary this feels. As far as it goes. If you're dealing with some of that fear or worry, you're not sure if it's going to engage as far as that goes. And now one of the traps that we can get into is all we do is we're just creating free content on our on our YouTube and on our Facebook pages. There's two other things short form content does not any more lead to people watching long form content are necessarily becoming a client of yours unless you are following up with them through a chat feature of some kind, you're DMing them you're actually explicitly getting them to sign up for a class, you're getting them to sign up for some kind of a lead magnet, you're getting them to sign up for some kind of a training as far as that goes. The days of people finding a video and then go into your profile and clicking the link and then opting in and signing up very few and far between as far as that goes. You really have to learn how to explicitly tell people what you want them to do. You have to tell people hey, go to my profile. Click the link or better leave a comment below with this key word. And I'll send you a free class that I put together on XYZ topic. That can be your lead magnet as far as that goes. So that becomes now part of your ecosystem when you are creating content. And you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, you just ballooned up the amount of work that I have to do now to 40 to 60 hours a week, I got to create all this content. No, you don't. Because if you're just talking about the same stuff, all the time that you would on your webinars, you're talking about the same stuff that you would, on your on your trainings, you're talking about the same stuff that you do in your classes, it becomes an extension of just I just show up and I record for 20 to 30 minutes, and then I go have a cup of coffee. And it literally becomes something that we don't build up every single day to we're making content is this scary thing. But it actually becomes something that just becomes a natural part of what we do every single day. And so then what you're doing is you're able to nurture trust with people, you're able to get better at doing the actual sales process of things, because you're showing up on a regular basis, creating content

[657:58] Speaker 1: that connects with people, that is also helping you refine how you explain your concepts. So that when you show up in something that's trying to give an explicit call to action, they take action with you as far as that goes, okay. And this is one of those areas where like, I would teach this side of it, it was like chicken or the egg, people will get really, really stuck on just making content that they would never create an offer that they would put out there. But what I also found was this, two things happens.

[669:01] Speaker 1: If you only put organic content out there, you don't get sales. If you only put webinars and promotions out there, and you're running ads, you probably also won't get sales, it's a combo of these two things that end up nurturing the same group and subset of people to where they're able to engage with you on multiple channels. Remember, I mentioned the whole thing and moving them from one location to another as far as that goes. And when people start engaging with you, there's multiple touch points, to where when you have a call to action, each thing leads to a common call to action. We're leading everybody up to the same ladder to purchase something that we want them to buy or to register for something as far as that goes, the mistake that people make is where it's open ended, we just create a piece of content. And truthfully, I make this mistake all the time on my Instagram reels. This is why I realized what I need to do is I need to have those remember I mentioned I'm going to create like five or six different 20 minute things. So now at the end of every Instagram reel, I'm going to have a word that people can leave in my comments. And then my bot is going to send them automatically a lead magnet as far as that goes. Okay, I'm gonna have something that people can register for at the end of almen maybe mentioned at the beginning of one of my trainings, and here's where it becomes really fun. Because they're evergreen, and there's not a date or time attached to them. You can leave them in your YouTube videos, you can leave them in your Instagram reels and they grow your email list as far as that goes. Now you have to follow up with these people inside of that micro training, you have to lead them to something that's going to get them to buy something or take a next step with you. as well. If they're on your email list, you want to consistently email those people, you don't want to bombard them with your lead magnets. I think that that can be a mistake. Once you do these micro lead magnets, maybe send it a few times to your list. Or when you have a new lead magnet, you could send it. But what I would do is this where maybe you do a once a month webinar or you do a page challenge. And then that's what gets people to buy into something. And then that's where you can then lead them to purchase from you because you're consistently reiterating, hey, we have this great new piece of content right here, right here. We have this great new YouTube video right here we have this incredible new webinars that we put together, we have this incredible new course as far as this goes. And these might be free or low cost. That's what you're sending to your email list. And this starts to sell for you on autopilot as far as that goes. And when you do this, the amount of work hours that you put in is a fraction of what it takes to actually launch webinars and challenges all the time. Again, I don't think that webinars and challenges are dead. I think that adding this to them is a helpful piece of it because of people's attention span because of people's ADHD because if people's expecting instant gratification, they sign up for something they want an instant win. They don't want to have to wait a week to get the content from you. They don't want have to wait a week to do this. Okay, so So all of this put together. To me, I think it's very simple. I'm sure maybe it might be confusing if you've never looked at it that way. But you'll notice that everybody who's marketing out there right now in the in the marketplace, there's starting to move over to sending people to these smaller micro trainings as far as that goes. And so this is where your content becomes that machine that builds trust with people, because here's the thing people's attention spans are very low to build trust with you do I want to engage with you, but simultaneously, their buying pressure is at an all time high, and their resistance to purchasing from you. So they say you need to actually nurture that trust, and you need to create one of the ultimate elements that is that is often missing, and most pieces of content or webinars is you have to show them that you're safe to listen to, that you are not like all the other people that are out there that have burned them before. And this is why niching down is actually important, because you'll actually burn quote, unquote, burn more people, if you're trying to be a generalist to way too many people how many y'all don't want to burn your clients, to where they feel like they're not getting the value that they expected from you. None of us want to burn our clients. But you want to know what creates people feeling burned by a coach trying to do way too much and not niching down. Because you're probably really good at one specific superpower. And people will feel underserved for the other areas that they might have came up with to you for because you sold yourself as being way too general. So it actually boils down to an element of not just as I talked about this all the time, people would argue with me, they're like, why don't want to niche down because I don't want to I don't want to eliminate people and make them feel ostracized, to not work with me and saying that I just don't respect them. Well, here's the thing, you don't respect people by not niching down. Because if you're not niching, down to a very specific superpower that you have, you'll have more and more people that are actually disappointed with you because they're expecting something that you're not delivering. If you're too general, if you're trying to go way too wide ranging. And so that's where getting used to and understanding where are you truly, uniquely qualified to work with people? What is the thing that people come to you for the most you want to know what I think still, that is for me, I think Facebook ads needs to be number one. My youth, I mentioned tech people do come to me for the technology. But I can see the data in the accelerator program, almost nobody watches a lot of the technology trainings that are in the accelerator. So people are actually buying the accelerator program for a lot of the technology trainings. But here's why I would move those possibly to my YouTube channel. Because I don't need to wait for people to purchase or make a big purchase to learn the technology. I can say, hey, look, guess what, for technology, I have a whole YouTube video for you over here. You don't even need to become a paid client of mine to learn that technology side and start breaking that down. Now Facebook ads, that's it, I think stay in the accelerator. Right. Yeah, some of you, those of you that are on this call watched a lot of it. But we have, we have like hundreds of people that haven't as far as that goes. So I've looked at the data of like, what are the majority of people doing? I'm not looking for just the minority? I'm looking for what are the majority doing because because Adel, here's the thing, you would probably also go over to my YouTube and watch it if it was over there. Does that make sense? So everybody who might have watched through it in the members area will also go watch it on my youtube as far as it goes. So that's where now my coaching program becomes very, very focused on the main aspects that are making people money that they can't get anywhere else. You can find tech training on YouTube for free anybody can. I've tried to tell everybody just go look up on YouTube, but they want me to teach it. So I should actually be the one creating the YouTube videos instead of sending people to other people's YouTube videos. And then that might be able to pull people in to my ecosystem for our programs. Because once you learn the technology and you feel comfortable with the technology of creating a landing page and putting all that out there. Now let's launch something let's start selling. Okay. stuff does not sell itself anymore. Just having a webinar or just having a training as far as that goes. You have to be actively involved at gathering people in front of you. Building trust with them nurturing that trust. That's one of the that's one of the reasons why the Evergreen 20 to 30 minute lead magnets. They're long enough that people have to make some kind of a commitment to qualify people. But they're short enough that based on their short attention span, they can take a risk to listen to you for 20 minutes, while they're driving home from work as far as that goes, okay. And so from that part of it, your goal is to build trust with the right people, qualify out the ones that are not a good fit with you. And then move people along a path to where it eventually ultimately leads to them buying from you, and you're inviting them at each stage. To go take action with you again, let's is the last thing that I'm gonna share one of the biggest mistakes that I see with coaches and mentors that they make, I bet every single one y'all that's watching this, if you're watching the recording, or you're watching this live is incredible at the things that you teach people, you are incredible the things that you mentor people on you are gifted at the stuff that is inside of you. I truly believe that. Because I've because I've had conversations like I just and whether you believe in that or not. That's what I see when I look at every single name on this list here is incredibly gifted mentors and teachers. That should be the top of their field, and the most well known that what they're doing. Number one, you need to believe that yourself, okay, that's the self belief side of it. But number two, can I tell you this? We have to get to where we're not just giving people information.

[828:04] Speaker 1: But we're using that information to build trust, to give a call to action for people to make a purchase for what we have at the next stage, as far as that goes. And I think that that's one of the biggest mistakes that I see that the best coaches and mentors actually do is there was we're so focused on really bringing transformation to people. And you'll notice inside the accelerator like I don't sell you guys, guys on so can I tell you something, a lot of coaching programs that are priced like the accelerator is right now, every class would be selling people to purchase a 10 $20,000 program. I'm not doing that in here. Because this is the main thing that I want to fill up with people. And I want to fill it up with gifted incredible, life changing coaches and mentors. Because I know listen, if you got that piece down, if I can get you to understand the sales and marketing piece, and you already got the expertise there. You're you're cooking with wildfire right there. Okay. And so what you have to do, though, and I've worked with some of the best mentors out there is this is a bit of a struggle, you have to learn how to transition from, okay, I'm teaching, I'm expounding on a topic, I'm breaking it down, I'm giving people the value. And then I'm moving them into taking their next steps. I'm calling people to action, I'm getting them to do something, that's where you step into your authority, your ability as a leader, you're stepping into leadership. And it also goes into the sales ability to create the excitement, the anticipation, you end up triggering in the brain, a set a heightened sense of, of feeling to where they want to take action, because it feels very exciting to do the thing that you've called them to as far as that goes. And so learning that skill of giving a call to action at the end of that that's a very powerful thing to be able to learn. That's a very powerful thing to be able to study. What is that that drives people to that is one of the number one things is they feel like it's safe. They trust you. They believe the things that you're actually saying. You've handled their objections. They don't, they're not questioning if there's something better out there for them. And again, I think about this what happens when in the dating world, it's exactly the same thing. When we find somebody that feels like they're a soulmate type of a person, whether they are or not. We're like okay, I want to go on a second date or a third day, I want to hang out with this person again. And what you have to do is you have to create an environment where your people want to hang out with you again and again and again. You might be really good at doing that in your coaching program. You got to get really good at doing that in your marketing and your free content, and your webinars and your training and You're not just asking them to hang out with you, but to exchange finances, to be able to do so. And if you feel dirty doing that, if it feels weird to ask people to pay you to hang out with you. Because actually, that's really what it is, when you're really doing this, from the core identity of what's actually going to bring transformation to people, is that people are paying you to spend time with you. And some, and it might feel like, oh, no, like, I don't want, I don't, I don't want people to feel like I need them to pay me as far as that goes. That's where we got to look at what are our money beliefs? What are the money blocks that we have? Why do I feel like for some reason, once money is involved, it changes it and it becomes less, it doesn't feel as good as far as that goes. Okay. And that's a whole other mindset training, there's actually a course in the members area, we're actually break down a lot of that. I know some of y'all have gone through it. I believe it's in the beginners Courses section. It's called wealth mindset, coaching. And it's and it talks about moving past, the resistance that we have of stepping into abundance and out of scarcity mindset, and getting out of like feeling like it's wrong to ask for money. As far as this goes. And I go through a lot of different layers of it, especially this one recovering when you have rough weeks. This one is really powerful. As far as this goes, what do you do when you got to go? A really crappy week, as far as that goes, our mind is replaying all the memories. As far as this goes, what we're trying to avoid, and all of that. And when you can learn to become more powerful than what's happening around you. And what happened in your past, you get to show up as the best possible version of yourself, not only for your clients, especially for you, especially for your friends and family. I can tell you, as I've gone through this journey, my marriage has gotten better. My parenting has gotten better, I believe my coaching, my content creation has gotten better. And the sales start coming in higher quality clients start coming in, I started getting phone calls, literally, this happened in the last two weeks. And here's the crazy part about it. If you listen to anybody who teaches law of attraction, or manifestation, or stuff like that, they teach a lot of this, but they use some like woowoo terms that I just don't resonate with. And I'm just like, Okay, I don't know, if you teach woowoo, that's fine, not not a big deal. As well, like spiritual teaching. Christian teaching literally teaches a lot of this in different terms. So it's different language, what I find is, it's just that when I move out of operating in the past memories of how everything's always been, and I become present to the present moment. And I stop worrying about my identity being attached to do people like me, do they accept me? Are they are they canceling? Are they listening to what I'm saying? Are they watching my content? Am I getting video views, we can get so caught up where our identity gets attached to the numbers on our social media, and how many sales we get, and well how much the prices of our Facebook ads, and that cost. And when we can learn to detach from that. And we really start owning our greatness and how awesome we are in the present moment, then we and we and we get to where we're not worrying. We're not we're not finding our sense of self and all of this stuff around us. And by the way, you might have to do this a couple times a day, I find myself in to do this probably every every couple hours. Because my brain immediately goes back into memory, fear, worry, guilt, shame. I start wondering, are my ads going to work? Oh, no. Why are they not working? And I immediately have to get centered to Okay. Present I can in my physical body, I can feel my, my spirit. And then that flows out from there as far as that goes. And that becomes the resonant energy that's connecting in my Facebook ads in my offers when I write sales copy. And I don't have to become so attached to oh, I'm afraid of this happening. I'm afraid of them saying this. I'm afraid of that as far as that goes. And by the way, for me, that was at the end of like, three years of weekly therapy that I finally got to where I felt like I could do that. I don't think it needs to take three years of therapy to do that though. I think if I understood this better initially, it was that we have to really stop replaying all of the crappy situations that have happened to us in the past in our mind. We have to start really owning what we're creating in the future and then become present to what do I need to do today, to move forward towards that. And then also realizing this, this is a little bit more ethereal and spiritual, that I believe all that actually exists is the present moment, past, present, and future are actually all happening in the same moment in time. As far as that goes. So when we get attached in the past, we're actually literally living in the past, we're literally operating in all the stuff that people did to us. When we get so focused on the future we're living in all the stuff that we hope will happen for us. Instead of saying, Okay, I'm right here, where I am. Today, I'm accepting where stuff is, I'm accepting what the reality is, and my responsibility, and this becomes us taking responsibility. This is where actually self discipline becomes very easy, because we're not attached to trying to avoid things, or we're trying to make something different in our future. But we're actually able to say, Okay, right now, in this moment in time, here's what I gotta do right now. And for most of us, it's going through those steps, finding your clients, finding your niche, writing your sales, copy, creating a landing page, launching your Facebook ads, I think one of the biggest things that we can celebrate as if you're generating 100 leads off of a Facebook app. Like Like, once you if all of you in here got 100 people to sign up to your email list, have a Facebook ad. You're like, 95% of the way there to making six and seven figures because all you got to do is just do that more often. And I found that the people that like if they're if they can generate 100 leads with the Facebook ad.

[988:20] Speaker 1: Within a couple of months, they're like, Wow, I made six figures I made I'm not sick, but like, I made 10k This month, I made 20k This month, because it's just amplifying and continuing that cycle and that process as far as that goes. Okay. So I do want to take the some questions that we have here. As far as this goes, Adele real quick, let's answer yours. And I'm gonna see what's in the Facebook group, as well. What's up, Adele? How are you?

[997:01] Speaker 1: Thank you, Deborah. Alright, because you have your hand raised.

[998:36] Wennie: Yeah, sorry, I'm driving in my car. So I totally get what you mean. So we're going to be doing like, going into YouTube just to get used to doing Viki. But so yeah, my article, he says to your webinar, they just said last weekend, no more than 60 minutes. And she would always say to us, you know, this gift gives him the watts to solve the high. So you have like, do you have it? Do you have any kind of structure or blocks? Like how do you know, I don't want to be one of the person that says to be in the teaching categories? How do we make sure that the information you're sharing is going to still be fine?

[1008:59] Speaker 1: Sorry, I didn't I didn't catch that last part. What was that?

[1010:20] Wennie: So the two questions, do you have a kind of rough rupture of what that one our webinars to cover? And how do we know? Like, how do we structure what we teach, so that we're not over teaching? So that we're moving? Yeah,

[1014:56] Speaker 1: by I find that a lot of that both of those come from a little bit of trial and error, of connecting and figuring out where's the point that people like

[1018:11] Wennie: for example, for example, I'm going to run a low ticket offer of my high ticket offers, and then I'm going to sell my high ticket program. So I'm going to give the value like tangible value, and I'm going to tell them upfront that I have a higher program. So I'm going to do like a like a like a one hour training a high ticket

[1024:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you do give a little bit of the what initially or otherwise people get really turned off but not so much of it, that they're like okay, I got enough that I don't want to work with you more

[1027:33] Wennie: than like the high level

[1028:31] Speaker 1: I think that's stage one. Yeah, I think stage one is you you kind of walk them through and gloss over the high level framework. That's gonna be where I'm kind of going into like a lot of my webinars as I'm gonna go less implementation where I'm writing their copy and doing all that. You know, again

[1033:17] Wennie: I'm following another high ticket coach on what she does on her she does like 90 minute masterclass where she gives a high level overview. And then she does like five things you're doing wrong of what to do instead, but it's still quite high level. Yeah, it's not a good idea. And then she like started pitching the

[1037:21] Speaker 1: there's a lot of different structures to this, but I think it has to lead to anticipation for the next thing to or like they feel so confident and ready to work with you on the next level, that they that they are like, Okay, I got what I need to know to realize that I need to do this. But I need help to be able to do it because I don't know what these nuances are as far as that goes. So that's where when you give the high level, you can share what the nuances are. But but but spending like 20 to 30 minutes to break down the process. As far as that goes. We want to reserve that for what people are purchasing, and all that.

[1048:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you could give them like one quick win that they could take away. For me, I think, for the last year, the big quick win that I've been sharing really, for the last two years has been AI to write sales copy.

[1051:56] Speaker 1: Yeah. However, now AI isn't as good as it was before. And people are getting burnt out on AI. So I'm even having to transition from that's the quick win that I was giving people to I show them how to brainstorm real quick, I glossed over it very quick how to brainstorm with AI. But then I'm going over more of the like, the the high level of the funnel, and talking about how to actually sell the people. And then what gains you the confidence to sell the people. And so I'm giving them yeah, man as far as that goes, and a few techniques that they might be able to use on their organic content to gain some confidence to test out their offer. I'm giving them a basic structure of the framework of offer creation and their funnel. Again, they can find all of this out there. But what will happen is, as I'm doing this, I'm leading the conversation to listen, if you want to work with me to help you implement this to help you actually do this. And I'm noticing to exactly the question you're asking right now is the direction that I really have been wanting to take the accelerator program, as I really want the accelerator program to be more geared around sales, and less around just how do we make landing pages? How do we advertise? But rather like once you advertise? How do we close the deal. Because if I fail to understand how to close a deal that can feel much more confident to run an

[1077:59] Wennie: ad, hopefully, because I'm to be honest with you, that's why I also hired the RX coach, because she's very good at closing webinars. And she's very good at closing sales live. So I was asking her like these, these subtle nuances. And also I saw a coach on Facebook, she put out a post and she said to people still want to go to webinars to master classes. And it's really interesting reading the responses. A lot of a lot of the coaches said, Yeah, I still like to go if this value, and if this value, I'll pay for it. And then somebody else says, I can't stand these, like webinars that are just like one lock deal pitch with like blood. So I think they will,

[1087:27] Speaker 1: nobody wants to. So that's why interesting, as you mentioned, the thing that you're going to offer, and you can give some implementation, high level framework, one quick win that they can walk away from. Yeah, and now here's the other piece to your you have to base it. I didn't even mention this. As far as this goes, thank you for bringing this up. You have to base all of that off of the direct feedback that you're getting from other people that are out there. So they're going to tell you what they want to learn from us their quick win that they're really stuck on. So if you can give them a quick something that they're really stuck on the number one thing that I keep getting now from people because I just don't know what to put on my landing page to or my lead magnet. I don't even know what could be a lead magnet. Yeah, I'm gonna lead even more into that.

[1101:59] Wennie: Yeah, it's interesting listening to the market talk on Fitbit, because I'm calling five to seven figures with female coaches. And the way they structure their events is that they create a low ticket offer but it's specifically designed for high ticket clients. None of this like low ticket offers for low ticket people specifically, specifically to the

[1108:54] Speaker 1: Yeah, it's exactly what the high ticket clients want. And so you can go like a lead magnet

[1110:33] Wennie: ideal client

[1111:42] Speaker 1: you can go like a lead magnet to then get people to buy that offer and then and then purchase from you as far as that goes. All right. All right. I do want to take some of the questions that were pre submitted here Adele, and you can raise your hand again if you have like another question that's attached to this. I want to take some of these here real quick here in the group. Okay. Tiffany, let's talk landing pages I feel stuck in creating my landing page for my membership. The copy won't come out right I feel blocked. I do things like step away play Okay. Okay, like I'm overcomplicating things. I feel like I'm over complicating things. Could you please help me out? I do feel like it's easier to speak versus writing it. Yeah, actually, if you if you find it easier to speak versus writing it, you can actually in chat JpT, they got a couple of things on the app on your phone, you can record it right here. And you can speak it right into your phone, and it'll transcribe it as you're talking. And you could actually talk out over the course of like five to 10 minutes, what you actually want to put in there as far as that goes, you probably can also save an audio clip. Let me see if they let you import audio clips, if it's from your like. If it's on your phone can you put an audio clip in here in the chat GPT. And it'll, it'll read it. Let me see, I'm going to try this out. So I'm uploading an mp3 file, to chat JpT, which you can record a voice memo to your phone and then import it that into there and start playing around with that as far as the copy, have it, transcribe it as far as that goes.

[1140:20] Speaker 1: Send us a write sales copy based on this mp3. And what it is, is just a giant affirmation. So it's analyzing the mp3 file in chat CBT on the app. You can also use otter AI to do this as well, because otter AI does the whole transcripts over the thing. I use otter because it just kind of transcribes everything I'm doing, I can open the otter app and have it recorded as far as that goes. So that's one of the things that can help it help it be smoother for the copy. You found the chat GPT document you posted this, you're redoing it based on that you're leaving it up in case you get stuck again, okay, perfect. After going through the prompt document implementing steps one through seven, what are some of the prompts to bring the pieces together. So the piece that's together that brings it all together that really is the only one that I use on the prom document Tiffany Is that is that storytelling kind of final one. It's this one right here, it's taken forever to take that mp3 file. It's number six, write a sales letter for a webinar. And again, you can change these words, it's not a webinar, it can be for a lead magnet that's been promoted through Facebook ads, you can change the words of what this says, specifically follow this format. Are you tired of this issue, I know what it's like I've been there, give an invite to the webinar. Now here's the thing, what this produces with this prompt, I then go ahead and really rewrite that in my most confident state of mind where I'm really talking about what I'm inviting people into that they're going to be thrive and be able to thrive through. So what this does, again, all of this is to kind of trigger our brain thinking about the what we're actually going to be talking about, we're triggering in our brain about what the sales copy is actually going to be. And then you can take elements or sentences from it, and piece it together to then start to create what that narrative is. And so one of the ways that I like to do that too, is you can use these prompts, take the prompt output Tiffany, and then go back to your phone, record how you might say it, in your own words, transcribe that and then have it sort of format that into the sales letter. So you're kind of looping between using prompting to dial in your pain points get a little bit more refined, a little bit more refined, you're going to transcribe your own spoken words, and then you're going to then bring that back into it to transcribe it and turn that into the sales letter. And truthfully, that's exactly how I write my sales letters. As I almost all the time I'm just using my spoken word. I'm reading something in the AI and then I'm speaking it out in my own words how I would actually say it better and it sounds way better. It comes across way better. And that connects a lot better as far as that goes. Okay, let me see another another question right here that we have. We're in

[1188:21] Wennie: our group

[1189:41] Speaker 1: with the great colorful Mexican restaurant themed q&a graphic that I had chats up to me Michelle says I've been hearing people talk about many chat we'd love to hear more about it so many chat is it's a tool where um then you can play around with it. It's not very expensive either. Like the whole pro version is actually extremely affordable as far as this goes. The free one, you could use this.

[1198:56] Michelle Plucinsky: When you were showing your phone and you were talking about people getting Um, you're getting texts from people? Is that what they're using?

[1200:44] Speaker 1: No, if it's a text, no. Attack goes over to Instagram, there's

[1202:32] Michelle Plucinsky: a woman. Yeah, there's a woman who did like a course on Instagram. And she's like, Hey, if you want my course text flower or put SMS

[1205:21] Speaker 1: texting, text that out, maybe it does. I haven't checked that out yet. I'm gonna die this year later this week or next week. And check that out. The one that somebody had mentioned with texting was project broadcast. I saw this. And I thought that it looks pretty cool because I did

[1210:40] Michelle Plucinsky: it with a guy. Like I who I worked with someone who did it, like tech wise, but he's like, it's not like a company. I want to go with someone I know is gonna last for a long time. Yeah.

[1214:07] Speaker 1: Because I know this has automated campaigns and stuff that you can versus completely automated.

[1215:56] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah. So you text the word in and it's like, Hey, I'm glad you're here. Here's the free download, you get Hey, do you want to know about my? Give me your email. Cool. Yeah,

[1219:03] Speaker 1: no, that's awesome. Yeah, I think many chat can do this. This is where it's actually like, you have them put in their their phone number on your opt in form for the lead magnet. So the texting that I was getting, I actually it was like name, email and phone number. And then it was a follow up to get me to actually do the call to action, whatever that was at the end of the of the micro webinar that I had watched it tracked that I watched through it, and then segmented me back into sending another automated message and a follow up reminder to nurture that based on how far I actually got through the video training.

[1229:15] Michelle Plucinsky: And do you think something like Kajabi has this built into their software?

[1230:21] Speaker 1: I don't think that Java, Java doesn't have it built in you use it you use as Zapier. But but when it comes to video watching, you know, when it comes to like how far they get into a video, you got to use a different video player that does that. It's very rare, especially, here's the reason why we end up with so many different software tools, because people's behavior, they build it up into one piece of software, and then people's behaviors change. And then now when I one tool to do the new behavior trigger that the other tool can't do, and now we got five different tools, and then somebody comes out five years later with all the different stuff. I know go high level has a lot of this built in. It's just very technical to kind of get that all built out. I like using specialized tools like okay, Project broadcast is gonna be my texting tool, many chats gonna be the other one, and they might be 10 to 20 bucks a month. But they all kind of do something that's very easy to set up in each one as far as that goes. And then I just I link it all through Zapier.

[1246:58] Michelle Plucinsky: So okay, yeah, all right. Thank you. Yeah, we chat

[1247:57] Speaker 1: is more for like an Instagram real. That's how I've seen that use more often. It's like, hey, you know, text the word offer. And I want to send you a free class that I just put together about developing out your offer, I think you're gonna love it. And so I might put that at the end of an Instagram real, I have an Instagram real. And I've tested now I got to two in a row this week, that I'm getting a ton of followers from which is very interesting, I'm saying almost the same thing. And both of them just about like how to work less than 10 to 15 hours a week what the concept is of this. And I actually like broke it down. Like you want to know how to only work 10 to 15 hours a week in your business, you have to make the decision that I'm not going to work more than that. No matter what comes up no matter what projects you have, as far as and I got a ton of followers that were all coaches off of that Instagram rule. So what I need to do, and I don't have it on there is I need to have a lead magnet. Now at the back end of that that says listen, if you want to go through, I did a 20 minute training to actually break down for you what to actually do it during that 10 to 15 hours a week in your coaching business be able to scale to six figures, type in the word offer. Now I'm gonna send it to you. Does that make sense? Yeah, I'm making 100 Hook variations. Exactly. That's exactly what I'm, I'm planning on doing is, is making different hook variations on that one that's working really, really well. As far as that goes. That's exactly it. And I'm leading into that. So again, I'm finding the Instagram crowd is really wanting that sort of like no burnout type content as far as that goes. Here's the other thing that y'all are that, again, I'm starting to lean into and it was hard for me to do before. Each platform people engage differently if they want to watch short form content. They're gonna just watch a bunch of short form content, but I need to have some kind of a call to action to lead them to join my email list. All roads gotta lead to your email list, capturing their information, getting some kind of info or contact info from them. Again, if any of y'all feel dirty or weird about getting people's contact information. That's a mindset issue more than anything else. Okay? Now what I don't like is if somebody just likes my Instagram reel, and I send them a message, I'm like, Hey, I saw you liked my stuff, how's it going, I want to sell, you know, download this, there's a way to do that, that I think once I have my lead magnet that I'll probably test out. But I like the more intention based permission based type of way to doing that, because it feels a lot better than just bombarding people with DMS Plus, you can get banned for just messaging people simply for liking your content. And that's one of the things that a lot of those they people joke about is you can get your messaging permission shut down, there's a way to do it, right. And there's a way to not do it, I tend to lean more towards away from doing that still. But I don't think there's necessarily a bad thing to do long term is to not message people. One of the things that happens though, when you do message people, or DM them, as they start to expect more from you. They expect now that they don't have to pay you for anything. Because now they got free access to you, whereas you want to be charging for access to you. So that's one of those things as well. And again, if it feels dirty or weird for you to tell people you can't get access to me without paying me. That's a mindset issue more than anything else still. All right, Mary, Mary challenge, how are you?

[1303:06] Speaker 3: Hello, hello, hello. Um, yeah, you brought up something today that I'm really struggling with. Okay, I launched my book, and I have several ideas for courses, and memberships. But I'm not, there are different topics. And I'm kind of stuck in analysis paralysis, because I don't know which direction to go. And you mentioned something about being really focused, because I can teach on many different things, it's hard for me to get really focused.

[1314:18] Speaker 1: Well, that's where it's figuring out like, the people this is really the ultimate answer to that is who are the group of people that are that are willing to pay you the most amount of money and just focusing on that side of things. And then of that groups that are willing to pay you? Who are the ones that are actually taking action, showing up doing the work? Because by the way, just because they're willing to pay you doesn't mean that all of them are actually going to do the word. AI is actually what it is. They're liars. So they say that it's one thing they want to do, and it's really not. And then they're like, but there it is. And it's like, if we actually had a three hour conversation, I could break down and it's probably not. And it's something Yeah, and that's what I've had to come to the conclusion of is that as it used to bother me so much, it will be like, I want to do this and I'm like, then why aren't you Well, okay. But yeah. So you can teach a lot of stuff, you got a lot of value in your membership, again, you can still provide a lot of that. I think it's good to provide like a good buffet inside of like, what people pay you for as far as that goes, because it feels like added value. Um, we're, I'm talking as though now like, I have almost 50 courses in our program. But there's only like, like, 10 of them that people are actually watching. I'm gonna lean more into what are those 10 About. And that gives me a lot of data as far as Okay, since most of the people who've actually joined the accelerator really only came for those 10. I might take whatever they didn't watch and move it maybe over to the free content. Because it might nurture that trust with them, since they're not watching it anyway, when they buy from it from me, doesn't hurt anything to put it over here. Um, and then really focus on what I'm selling. What is that thing that they are really coming to me for? That the thing that I'm selling as far as that goes? Okay. Yeah.

[1348:28] Speaker 3: Okay. Okay, part two of that question is so, okay, I could probably do some mini courses and then put them into a membership site and like, just kind of build it up. And whoever is part of the membership has access to all the courses, or they can just buy that one course.

[1354:10] Speaker 1: If it's a court and I see a course as something that has at least three lessons or more in it,

[1355:26] Speaker 3: okay. Okay. And it's

[1356:24] Speaker 1: like a micro micro class. If it's only like one lesson, you could call it there's the other thing too. What do you call it internally? Versus how do you market it because you could call it a class but it's really just a webinar, we all have the class in our marketing, because it's what gets people to engage more.

[1361:56] Speaker 3: So, and then part two, this question is how do you differentiate the content you put in your free like podcasts or verses or webinars versus your courses? Is it? Is it the same topic, but just not as deep or, or, you

[1367:48] Speaker 1: know, podcast is an interesting one. For me, again, I'm moving away from how I was doing the podcast, to, it's just another channel, like my YouTube channel, and I'm focusing in on what are the podcast episodes that people are wanting to listen to and engage with more. And it just becomes another avenue, I'm really looking at anything that people don't spend money for, is a tool for sales and marketing. Okay, so that's one of the things that we have to look at, you can still provide a lot of value, especially and I would say, for your niche, people probably expect if it's like, if you're in like the Christian faith, spiritual niche, you're gonna probably provide a lot more value in your free content than not. Okay, in the niche that I'm in, I probably provide a lot less than somebody might in a more spiritual based one. Okay. And so that's, that's one distinction that we found, is and when we talk about value, I don't like the word provide value, because value for value sake isn't really worth anything to people, it's does it get them to take action and see a transformation in their life. That's what you want to be able to provide. If it's, if we're calling it value as far as that goes, but you don't want to overwhelm them with so like, the way I look at transformation, as I look at transformation, and like bubbles like this, okay? Like, here's transformation, 123, and four that they might get inside of a course with you. If it's a podcast, you might just provide like one element of the transformation. And then you might break this down into like, five perspectives on that one transformation, that all still leads them there to then build excitement for them in going to number two, three, and four that they can buy from them. So you're building that excitement, with these micro levels of transformation, to go into the other stages with you. And that's where that's where I think AI is really great at brainstorming. And you can have fun with that. Okay, take Okay, here's what I teach. Here's what I do. Can you brainstorm for me like 20 different perspectives or angles that I might be able to teach this? To create a YouTube video? Can you come up with 20 different perspectives I have for podcast episodes that I could create on this topic. And then you might pick one or two of those. And that becomes that and then you can start to brainstorm with the AI to come up with like that. And you're like, Oh, wow. Now I just came up with an idea. That is going to be a really fun podcast for me to make. That is something that everybody has been asking me for. But I just so that's where the AI helps us really brainstorm a lot of them. A lot of how do we AI helps us come up with like, how much do we give? What topics do we talk about? Okay, yeah. Okay. That's what I use it for. I bring in a lot of the conversations of okay, I imported into the AI. I had a lot of fun with this the other week, as I imported into it, all of the classes that people were going through just the ones that were actually consuming. Then I imported all of the q&a questions that I had gotten from my Facebook groups, for my webinars over the last year. And then I also imported the q&a calls that I had on my on in the accelerator program, and I had it correlate, I said, take all of this data, it was a lot of data, I just pasted it in there.

[1426:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I said, based on this data, what are the top topics that people actually come to me for when they want to learn what I'm mentoring them or teaching them on?

[1431:33] Speaker 1: And it broke down, like five main topics that people really really want to learn from me on Facebook ads, marketing, how to find their their niche, how to market and sell their coaching program. And how do I gain more clients through social media? What is the what are all the pitfalls in that side of it of gaining new clients as far as that goes? So again, really, people they want me to teach them okay, how do I To create a course I can teach that because I've created enough courses I can teach, how do I find the niche or topic. But really, once we get there, I want to focus almost all my energy on marketing and sales and advertising. That's what people come to me for. As far as that goes. There's a lot of other stuff that can teach, quite frankly, I can talk for hours and hours and hours about mindset. But it's better for me to put that on the back end of things or mix it in rather than make that the focus of what I teach. So you want to figure out as well, like, what do you want to mix in? And what are they really coming to you for? That kind of stands out for you? And here's one of the best ways to find that is this? What are people asking you for all the time? What do they when you get into conversations with people? What are the questions that they immediately gravitate towards asking you about? Like the initial question and conversation for me, it just always seems to be Facebook ads all the time. And what?

[1455:28] Speaker 3: No, I've said, okay, yeah.

[1455:48] Speaker 1: So that's like, what is that one to two things as far as that goes, and then we really start honing in on that in your front end marketing. Invite them into your world where you unpack it deeper, with all the topics that you help people with. Right, I really focus on what are they actually engaging with you about so?

[1460:45] Speaker 3: Well, you know, the funny thing is, is like, I can teach a lot on transformation, and people want that, but like you said, when it comes to doing it, or you know, applying the steps, they don't want to do that. Because sometimes it's hard. And so but they want the results. Yeah. But you know, you teach on things like the prophetic and spiritual gifts that like all Yeah, you know that. That's, like, throw on board 100%. With

[1468:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was the end. That's where so that we found that with Georgie unban off? Yeah. So we had to just lead with like, the real flashy stuff. And as far as Ron and marketing goes, I see. And then we had to invite them into his ecosystem. And he's like, that's a deep dive into Romans six, seven and eight.

[1474:07] Speaker 3: But yeah, you're gonna have to sneak that in,

[1475:14] Speaker 1: you know, but like, if you lead with Roman six, seven and eight, we couldn't get anybody to sign up for his.

[1476:48] Speaker 3: Okay, that makes it so now now I'm kind of getting nobody

[1477:50] Speaker 1: was doing that content, even though that's the main topic he teaches. Yeah, we focus in on Okay, well, how do you get the things you want? So you really like give what are their did their big old? And that's why I use the desires that they have, what are they fantasizing about? We talk about what you're talking about the prophetic people fantasize about the prophetic all the time? You know, and it's like they because they want to be Heidi Baker, Bill Johnson, Chris. All these leaders. Yeah. Right. And it's like, are they they want to be like you are the next leader that they see. And so then like, You got to break down though, like, how does all that actually work? How do you get there? And that's what we ended up kind of charging for in the implementation. So we really keep people in a high level excited state when it comes to our marketing sales. And yet them don't fully believe like, you could totally get there. We can walk you there. We got processes that can get you that we can totally break this down for you. We've helped other people you start sharing transformation stories, testimonies. Yeah. And then once they don't dive in, that's where you really can start to break down that nitty gritty, that stuff that maybe they don't want to take action with. But here's the thing, because they paid you for it, they're more likely to take action.

[1498:09] Speaker 3: Okay, now that makes sense, because I found that yeah, it's transformation is a big part of it. But if you advertise it as such, they're just like, No, I'm not really interested in

[1501:51] Speaker 1: that. Yeah. Yeah. Because they don't know if they can trust you to be the one to facilitate the transformation. So okay, so you also got to show that all right. Make sense? All right. Um, Sue, I saw that you had posted something in the group here, the value ladder thing, let me take Deborah's question real quick. And then we'll kind of go over this. I see one thing missing from this outline that you put on here that we can go over? Also, I see it's got a lot of different layers. I don't know if I would have as many layers maybe for you because of your niche, though, we might need to so we'll we'll talk about that. Deborah, what's up real quick.

[1511:19] Speaker 4: When it comes to doing the 20 to 30 minute Mini, like coarser web webinar. Where's that being placed? Is that being placed? Is it just something you're sending to your email but that doesn't make sense because you're trying to get email like an email magnet? Um,

[1516:04] Speaker 1: or you have you have the same kind of like a landing page where they sign up with their name and email address with sales copy with a hook with a with a promise desire that you're gonna deliver. Okay, training that they're gonna get just like any other lead magnet that We do. Okay. And then on the Thank you, there's two ways of doing it. Either you send them an email that has the link to watch the training, right? Okay, so basically, and that's one of the ways you can get higher quality leads is if you tell them, Go Go click your email and go watch it, because now you've qualified out the like the real people that are giving you fake email addresses if you do that. Right. The other side of it, though, is on the thank you page, you could just have a 20 minute video that they immediately get access to. And now here's the beauty of that you can then retarget to them and send them emails for a longer form webinar that you might have for a longer form training that you might have. 20 To 30 minute is, Do I like Deborah, do I want to hear more from her. And then you might have another video that says, hey, listen, I'd love to walk you through the process that we had talked about in that video, I did a whole 60 minute training right here, I did a 90 minute training. It's like a mini class, or I'm gonna walk you through even deeper into that register here. And now that's another landing page for that sort of longer one, right? That goes because you're retargeting to the same people that you've built trust with from the previous one and you might set like a time period of only like seven days for that one. So it stops sending them that retargeting ad after seven days to try to do as you're trying to get a bunch of people on your like micro lead magnets, and then you retarget visitors visitors to your site with a more expanded sales pitch, if you want to go that that route.

[1545:01] Speaker 4: Okay, thank you. I was wondering how that works. So

[1546:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a, there's a few different ways to do this. This is why I'm gonna dive into testing this. It's the same cycle that I did for the last year and a half, though, where I was going.

[1549:45] Speaker 1: And I really think we need to do this now. Because like it just different niches maybe not as much. I know, for my niche, I do need to as I had to go 90 minute training webinar. And then I had to move them over here to a five day deal right here. Okay. Yeah, this is this is stage one. And then my pitches to go over to here to the five day and then this is where I'm actually selling them on the accelerator program. That's too long now, I think for people and their attention span. So we're just shrinking it to 20 to 30 minutes over here, to get them over to a 90 minute deal over here to then send those people to the webinar right here. So it's the same psychology as this, but you're accelerating how long it takes you to get there.

[1564:37] Speaker 4: But we're also we're connecting by like maybe doing Facebook ads with it, like a sales copy.

[1566:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and you'll run a Facebook ad to the lead magnet. And then you can also retarget them over to this one. And then send them to sign up for this. As far as that goes. You can even sell like a deadline funnel on the back end of this where there might be a discount code, they could take 75% off because they got to the end of this, to try it out for a month with you. Okay, so there's all different kinds of ways to do this. But it's the same process, you do the first initial trust building one, and then you do your sales pitch on this one right here. The other way that people do that they don't do a webinar here, they do as they do a call, right 20 To 30 minute video to a call. Now you gotta get on the phone with them. And then you sell people on the program, but all roads lead to the program. Right? Whether you're going this route, this one's really long with people. This is it's the same exact psych psychological triggers, though. So whatever I was doing topics for these 90 minutes are what I'm going to be doing topics for this one right here. My topic for this one over here is going to be this, I'm not going to be doing sales calls with people, because I don't want to be doing sales calls. So I'm gonna replace that with a 90 minute training right there. That's going to be a deeper training that we dive into from there. And we may even charge for this. This might even cost them seven bucks or 27 bucks. The

[1589:35] Speaker 4: 90 minute one, Shonda had a good question. She said, Are we to have a give me have a VIP at the end of that. So

[1591:37] Speaker 1: because these will be pre recorded, you would not have a Viet. Okay?

[1592:44] Speaker 4: Could you? Could you like at the end? Let's say you have the 20 or 30 minute one, and then you have the 90 Minute, but could you at the end of that say hey, I'm going to be opening up a group and do like a live zoom. Could you do that? Yes,

[1597:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's that's another bridge that you could do. Well, you could throw a VIP on here with bonus classes. Okay. And you could say hey, we're gonna host a q&a next week. About this to answer your questions, I think that's that is a great way you could get them into a group or a discord channel or things like that to answer questions that has more interaction after that.

[1602:36] Speaker 4: Okay. I kind of liked that too. I mean, if you did that, maybe, because I'm thinking, do I have enough information to go 90 minutes? And honestly, I don't think I do. But my topic I think

[1606:07] Speaker 1: you do? You do?

[1606:50] Speaker 0: Well, yeah.

[1607:19] Speaker 1: Everybody has, I think everybody has enough information to go a lot longer of a topic or talk than they think they do.

[1609:25] Speaker 4: So maybe I could do this in my life, because I'd like I'm big on implementation. Let's say I'm focusing on EFT. Okay. I want these people walking away knowing how to use EFT.

[1612:40] Speaker 1: But But did you? Did you hear what I shared with Mary about how much you have them walk away with and focusing so much on implementation and these free offers? I did,

[1616:15] Speaker 4: but I don't know how to balance it in my head. Because you feel guilty? No. I just don't know how to like, what point because anybody can go on YouTube and get the steps. But

[1620:31] Speaker 1: do you because they want to hear you talk about it. And that's not just you giving them the steps? Right.

[1621:43] Speaker 4: So I don't feel like I would be giving away too much by going over the steps, if that makes sense. Yeah, your

[1623:29] Speaker 1: guy stops. What do you what are you there's some there's, it's not that they can go to YouTube? What's the thing that we're trying to because I want to get to what like we're trying to resolve in your mind a little bit as to why it has to be all this implementation in the face.

[1628:40] Speaker 4: It's a part like, part of me doing something I like to give him implementation. Right.

[1630:35] Speaker 1: But what it's costing you being able to actually make money with what you're doing? Well,

[1632:44] Speaker 4: my question is, what I have them come to the second part, not that I wouldn't give any inflammation in the first part. But in the second part, when I break it down, have them come into a group to work on the implementation. And that would give them a taste of what it would be like to work with me as a coach, kind of like a VIP. Yeah, you can.

[1639:28] Speaker 1: You can, but I really want to get it to where like they have to pay for being able to get that taste of working with you. Okay, so that's where you might, that's where you're paid, you could have a paid upgrade. That's like a low cost course, that might be $27, that sells them the implementation within a call to action to your next thing.

[1645:06] Speaker 4: Right, because everybody's like, if you use EFT, everybody's going to approach their situation. It's very personal, you know? Yeah. And so I've sat in group EFT sessions before, and watched, you know, the process, you know, on a group level, and to be able to say, Hey, this is available in my coaching program.

[1652:57] Speaker 1: Well, that's true. That's where the skill of sales and persuasion and really building that desire for the thing that you're going to be selling comes into play. Okay, it's it goes beyond us, because you're really good at the implementation side, you want to not like, give them the whole thing that they're going to be implementing, you want to just give them one single quick win to or that they have more that they want to implement with you. And then you're going to, you're willing to like let them walk away without without feeling like they, there's more that they want, like, You got to be willing to let people walk away from the interaction feeling like they didn't get everything they wanted, right?

[1663:54] Speaker 4: And there's no way anybody can get the whole thing anyway, because everybody's different. Everybody changes. And so, yeah,

[1666:29] Speaker 1: so it's kind of identifying what is that core, like first step of implementation that you can give them. And

[1668:29] Speaker 4: I think after this discussion is like, it wouldn't be in the 20 Minute, it would be an invitation to the 90 Minute, which probably would not be 90 minutes. I know, you think I might be able to handle 90 minutes. I'm not quite there yet. But I might be able to do a half hour or 45 minutes and say, Hey, if you want to join me in a group session, for seven bucks, we'll implement this together. Cool.

[1675:04] Speaker 1: Yeah, that could work. And that seven minute group session can be kind of almost like your replacement for even what this 90 minute is. So you talk about it for 30 and then get them into a $7 group session. Okay, so these are all kinds of different ways of doing the same thing. Model Yeah, this model. Yeah. Because I was talking about this, you could take 90 minutes in a group session with people though, right?

[1681:46] Speaker 4: Oh, I've seen that. That's what I'm saying. So

[1682:24] Speaker 1: like, yeah. Good do that in now. That's what it's like, we're gonna move them over to that. Since it is so closely aligned with what you charge, like charge for long term, I would make it some kind of a fee for that. And then, as far as it goes, yep. So these are all kind of different paths and process to still really doing the thing, you have a lead magnet that like helps them know why you're awesome. And then you, like, give them more value over here that they really feel like ready to jump in deeper with you over here as far as that goes to get more access.

[1692:29] Speaker 4: Okay. Thank you. Yep.

[1693:30] Speaker 1: Yep. Because here's the other thing, too. Most of the people that are running calls, and they're doing this, they don't, they're not the ones doing the calls with people. They have a sales team that's doing the calls. So it's a salesperson that's over here. So you're not even talking to the main coach over here, either. It's just another version of a well, that's answer your objection. That's really all it is. It's answering objections, reiterating the value all of that back to people, looping them back around to. So you ready, ready to get started? And then that gets people to purchase, qualifying them in and out of the funnel.

[1702:31] Speaker 4: Okay. All right. Thank you. Yep.

[1703:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: So and this is this approach is how we can make it Evergreen. And that's really what we're kind of diving into. Again, I'm not saying we eliminate live webinars, I think there's value to them, I'm probably gonna still keep doing one or two live a month with like a VIP as far as that goes.

[1708:08] Speaker 1: But this is going to I'm going to start adding this into it as far as how do I actually get people on my email list? Because I'm finding the people who are now only joining me on my 90 minute webinars and VIPs. They're already on my email list. So it's not a lot of people coming from cold ads. So the cold ads people, they're not ready to take that leap with me. So I need to find somebody that's a lower level of commitment for them to jump in with the leap with me to get to know me first. That's what we're talking about. That makes sense. makes

[1716:15] Speaker 4: lots of sense. Thank you.

[1716:43] Speaker 1: Cool. All right, Sue. What's up? Sue? Thank you for your patience here. No

[1717:51] Sue McGarvie: problem. Hey, Jeremiah. Great training today. We're just right on target. Awesome. Yeah, you similar stuff. There. All of us have the same questions in terms of doing this. So here's my model. I have been, you know, doing landing pages on on Aweber. I've really, I get I get so overwhelmed with so much. And God knows how many. I looked at my visa bill every month about how many software programs I'm paying for doing the money Weber just mainly because I don't want to learn another software. Although I was really interested in your text thing. And your Vidal, wita tallix accidental clicks Yeah, analytics. I think that's what I'm going to look at. But so I'm on AWeber and so what I do is I pay for, you know, the $13 domain name, because otherwise they give you a really long domain name. And I do a different landing page, kind of for each of the 10 main topics that you're talking about. And that's what I've been working on and so I have these so I have a couple of campaigns going finally I have a good plan with the Facebook ads and you know tried four different people finally got one I think is he can hear me and understand what I need. So that's what's changed things for me is that I'm getting some Facebook ads I think a eureka was sent you a happy note that I actually got somebody new via the Facebook ads, it's only taken me eight months on it. And so I'm trying to figure out where you do where you put the link in for your 20 Minute video, how do you how do you how do you factor that into the piece?

[1745:29] Speaker 1: Because that can be your lead magnet as they're signing up for like a like a class or a training. And then you give them that video as the thing that's promised to them from the lead magnet?

[1748:17] Sue McGarvie: Do you put it on on YouTube and just have a private link? Do you put it on your landing page do you

[1749:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh you can you can host it through either something like Vimeo or analytics or have like a private video hosting platform to be able to do that a lot of these landing page builder software's do let you do video on them. As far as that goes. That's again that's why Aweber is not really the best at like their landing page functionalities.

[1756:45] Sue McGarvie: But it will link to Okay. It will link to Vimeo it will link to it it will link to you can

[1758:40] Speaker 1: just do like an embed link. Yeah, embed that video there as far as that goes. So so then that's a private video that they can stream that's embedded in there. You can also do have like a private on like unlinked YouTube video and just embed that to the page. I think that's okay to do.

[1763:28] Sue McGarvie: So I have a video, I have a short video, like a three minute video inviting them to give me their email address. And I cannot use the word and here's the thing, I can't use the word dating in any way shape or form. It has to be that is like, that is such a bad word from Facebook. So it has to be, you know, bonding and connecting. And so I have that, and no words can even imply that on my Facebook page, and my landing page and my Facebook ad going to the landing page. Again, can't say anything can't do that. So I had all these video testimonials for clients, I had to delete all of them and make them redo some of them that doesn't have the word dating in it. That's where I'm having chat anyway. It's a whole saga. But once I get that done anyway, it's that piece of where do I get it rolling? Because I can see it Jeremiah, I can see it for the first time, I can actually see it where I've actually had things happen. And it worked. Yeah. Okay, I just don't know where to put all of this video and I said I put you my you know, my your, here's one

[1781:33] Speaker 1: piece, you might say the same thing in one video on one platform as you say in another, but you might just say it, the structure might be different to how you lead them to the call to action. Like you might say one thing over on like a YouTube video or Facebook video that you might also say that they sign up for for a lead. But they might not know that you have the YouTube video over here. Well, I would I wouldn't do is use the same video on YouTube as your lead magnet, I would make them two separate ones. But you can like Teach it for the two purposes. So I might teach a YouTube video like I just did last night on finding your niche. And then I might make a 20 minute opt in about finding your niche and I'll tell you a lot more people are actually going to sign up for something then even finding it on YouTube as far as that goes. But now they can sort of cross cross promote each other especially when people are on my email list.

[1795:39] Sue McGarvie: So it's just again it's it's using so if you were if you were going to do your cold like I'm looking at your YouTube videos, and is that is those those the ads you're running just to your your 20 Minute or 40 minute YouTube videos like where are you spending your bulk? No,

[1799:12] Speaker 1: no these these right now I'm only running my ad to have the webinar that I'm doing this week. Okay, so I'm building out these right now these YouTube videos are I'm sending these to my email list to connect with people as far as that goes leading up to the webinar that I'm posting. And I'm using it to refine what I'm actually going to be teaching and those micro mini like the lead magnets as far as that goes. So now we're using the phrase like webinar versus lead magnet. And using the traditional term of lead magnet, which is like a smaller piece of content, whether it be a checklist, whether it be an ebook, or something. But those always have to have the purpose and intention of follow up. Whether you're following up through text, email, retargeting ads, or being as aggressive as direct messaging people and getting them on a phone call that kind of like, like really hounding them as far as that goes. So what we look at with our lead magnet is a lead magnet is only as good as the follow up that you do on. And so we got to figure out now, people's people's ability. We did almost the same process, actually with my mom about six months ago, because we generated like 5000 leads with her mini ebook. And we actually didn't have even a webinar or anything that we sent to any of them, which I don't think was smart. It's because me Jeremiah, Krakowski telling Sandy to go make a webinar. She said, No, I'm not going to do it. Not gonna make it and I want to, okay, great, awesome. And then she called me up and she's like, Okay, we have all these leads on our list, but nobody's buying the program like, Well, you got to sell to them. Somehow. You got to connect them. She's like, Oh, why didn't you tell me that in the first place? I'm like, Well, I did. But you told me no, I don't want to do it. I don't want that was we literally had that conversation for like, 30 minutes. I was like, explaining like, well, you know, she's like, oh, yeah, you're right. I said I didn't want to do it. I don't and now I see. Okay, so I was like, okay, so what you got to do is you got to have a class of some kind that gets them the people that are on the email list to take the next step action with you. So she launched a $47 masterclass, that was a two hour long class that she did. And out of that, she got like 2000 people that paid her 47 bucks because they were already on her email list. From the lead magnet. And then out of that, I think she got like 600 people in her membership just off of that $47 thing. So the lead magnet got a bunch of people on the email list, but that didn't lead to sales at all, until she had some additional piece. That was a longer form thing that all these leads signed up for, to then really get sold into and to buy into her program because the ebook it was very informational. I mean, it's it's, it's a great ebook. We used AI to write it, but then we like edited it. And it's very high quality. But it wasn't enough to push people over the edge to say I want to make an investment with Sandy Murkowski to become a client. But the $47 class was enough to get those people to do so.

[1852:36] Sue McGarvie: Cool. So really understand your mom and how she thinks. Yeah, yeah. Thank you. Thank you for that. That's actually really helpful.

[1854:41] Speaker 1: It's funny too, because like, I, I need to, I need to sometimes just like reiterate some of the conversations her and I have, like, I texted her the other day, I was like, Hey, I got this great ads idea I want to share with you she texted me back. I don't I'm not joking. So Jeremiah, I don't want to talk about ads. Don't text me again about this. Okay. And then an hour later, she said, Sorry, I was stuck in a project I was doing. Let's have a call this week, I'd love to talk about this new ads process you're doing. So like an hour later, she was like, okay, maybe I was a little. And I was like, no problem. Like, I just because I know now, here's the thing of me five years ago, I want to take that. So personally, if my mom texted me like that, and I did, like five, six years ago, and now I'm just like, okay, that's just that's how she is. And so I just was like, okay, she's gonna I knew she was gonna text me back like an hour later. I just knew she was. It was so funny, man. Yeah, Dana knows her. Quickstart is so epic. I totally would have taken that for Yeah. Well, it's funny because she talks to someone's authority. And like, my initial gut response was to take it personally. And I was like, You're not gonna take that person. So and that, and that shows, I think a lot of the healing that I've gone through through therapy and all that as far as that goes. So anyways, that's just it just shows you like how sometimes, like I know isn't always a no, it's just not right now. With people and even like, with my own mom, you know, my wife is the same way.

[1879:54] Sue McGarvie: How she wants to listen to you, and you're a genius, and she has access to you. And then she shuts you down. Because yeah, no, but my wife would never do that. Besides, we're Canadian. We're far lighter than that. But yeah.

[1883:19] Speaker 1: Yeah, my wife is the same way. I'm like, Hey, let's talk about this. She's like, No, I can't talk about it this week. And I'm like, but it's so important. She's like, I don't care. You know, and I'm like, okay, and she's like, let's talk about it next week after we get past this. Okay, great. And then we sit down, we talk about it. And so it's like, she's got to be ready to have the conversation. And for me, I'm like, I'm always ready. I'm always on I'm always, let's, let's talk about this right now. Like, I wake up in the morning, and I'm ready to talk about like, deep topics of like, like, tax law with people. And like, that's just how my brain works. You know, like, I wake up, and I'm automatically thinking about, Okay, we got this tag, like all this. It's just, that's how I am. But I know I have that to realize not everybody is that way. In fact, most people that come to me are probably not that way. So I gotta like, learn how to communicate in a way that works with other people.

[1896:24] Sue McGarvie: Great, thank you, Jeremiah.

[1896:40] Speaker 1: Yeah. What's up, Shonda? How are you? Oh, this will be the last question that we take here. And then I will be logging off. Yeah.

[1898:59] Shonda Whitworth: Thank you, Jeremiah. And hopefully this is really quick. I just want to get clarification on what you're doing on Wednesday. How you're running this, because you're not having the VIP you're selling the $17. As for courses, video courses, right.

[1903:43] Speaker 1: Now this VIP on it. Oh, it

[1904:13] Shonda Whitworth: does have a VIP.

[1904:58] Speaker 1: I ran this Wednesday exactly the same as how I've always have. Okay,

[1905:46] Shonda Whitworth: so you're doing two hours? And then you're having a VIP? And then are you going to push them to a five day are you going to have an offer?

[1907:36] Speaker 1: person to the accelerator offer this one? Oh, you're gonna. So

[1908:50] Shonda Whitworth: after two hours, you're gonna go ahead and offer the accelerator, you're not saying I'm not selling you anything. And then push them

[1910:25] Speaker 1: to the I never said I'm not going to sell them anything on this one. So because all the people that are registering are mostly all on my email list already. Okay, they know who I am already. And I've already had a bunch of them write me that they really want to join the accelerator. And to just send them the link. So I know who I'm talking. I know who my audience is for this call already. And so that's exactly what I'm doing is I'm just I'm skipping the step of going to the five day because here's what I found. As like people weren't even showing up for the five day but I was getting 1000s of people showing up on these 90 minute calls. So I'm like, Okay. Why are they not coming over here to a five day or even a three day? So I got to figure out, let's resolve that. And that's where I came up with this by looking at I went through like, third, this was the culmination of me work going through, like 30 other people's funnels over the last three weeks. Okay? So I opted into their funnels I went through, and I looked at what they sent me. And this is the exact process that they all did. And I realized it's exactly the same as what I've been doing over here. It's just faster.

[1930:29] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so you're gonna do two hour training? Are them one hour? Are you doing one hour VIP?

[1932:14] Speaker 1: I'll do as long as there's no questions, I'll just keep Okay, so you're

[1933:12] Shonda Whitworth: gonna just stay on with them, as long as there's questions kind of deal. So you've set aside your whole afternoon for that, and you're pitching them offering accelerator group coaching. So that's what your, that's your strategies. So two hours, taking out the five day, you're taking out the three day in the five day.

[1938:24] Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm not doing the three day and five day on that I might throw one in in a couple of months where, but I'm going to charge for that as an event. And I'm doing it less of like, hey, it's a free challenge for three days, it's now it's going to be an event. If I do a three or five day again, again, it's going to be automated, that's not going to be live. Okay, that's the other thing I realized, too, is I'm giving I was giving people way too much access to me for free.

[1945:32] Speaker 1: And they were expecting. They were just they just kept coming to all the free stuff. And so I'm not going to do that anymore.

[1948:25] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so that's why you're shortening it down?

[1949:09] Speaker 1: Well, no, I'm shortening this down, because people's attention span is so low.

[1950:14] Shonda Whitworth: All right. And then also, they're warm to you already. Basically, they're warmed

[1951:20] Speaker 1: up from this before they get over here. So now I can sell them over here, like I was over here. Here's the other side of it. I did enough of these for five days, and enough of these to know how to actually give the same level of value in less time. So that's another phase two, this is learning how to give the value that you would in five days and just two hours, or in just 90 minutes. All right.

[1959:04] Shonda Whitworth: Well, that sounds very intriguing to me. Is that too soon for me that still at the early stages? I don't think

[1960:57] Speaker 1: so I think you're I don't think you're no, because you're I read through your book. I think like your I would take a good portion of even what you have in that book, especially in the beginning and the end of it, maybe less of what's in the middle part of it. And turn that into like a webinar, like it's a good like model even for what your webinar could be. And then like you could break down like, what are the key reasons why people would want to publish a book or why they would want to self publish, or how to break past writer's block or things like that for a 20 minute trust building deal. And then go over here. So it's, it's, it's about, it's about making connection with people, and it's way less about how many words is it? How many hours are they spending with you, when we really got to move out of this thinking of like, well, they're buying this many hours with me. And it's rather they're buying this level of connection and transformation in the conversation. Because a 30 minute conversation that's structured the right way can provide more value than five days and with the right person. And it's really evolving, I think, ourselves to the place where we can show up at that level with less time. And I think that's something that I'm going to dive deeper into what you brought up here, Shonda is exactly where I'm headed in what we're going to be teaching here in the accelerator over the next couple of months.

[1987:53] Speaker 1: Is how do you shrink down the timeline? To where you don't have to take five to seven hours to build trust with people to purchase from you. Or you can do so in 30 to 60 minutes.

[1992:50] Speaker 0: Right. Oh, that

[1993:07] Shonda Whitworth: sounds more intriguing to me. Because, you know, I got a husband, well, let's do a vacation. I don't know when to take a week because I want to because

[1995:20] Speaker 1: you're able to skip the whole process of like, Oh, I'm working so hard to like the grind of all of this over here. This. Again, for anybody who's starting out webinars, challenges, all of those do work, but they're also very time consuming. And then your market can also get burnt out on those, and then you can get burnt out on doing them. And what I found is, is that it's like, if you learned, it's all about learning the art of highly persuasive, verbal communication, to be able to say more, with less words. And a great example of this is the music industry. Because the music industry can pack more into one song than then 10 hours of a of a seminar could for some people, how many times have you listened to like a worship song that brought you more healing and transformation than like, 10 hours of preaching? Yeah, you know, so it's the same exact actual thing is, it's figuring out what are those those words as far as that goes?

[2016:13] Shonda Whitworth: I mean, and even even other genres of music, too. So, so

[2017:18] Speaker 1: but there's, yeah, exactly. Well, that's the other thing too, others music can break down or tear down or cause bad habits. As far as that goes, they connect with the emotion, one of the biggest issues with a lot of, of different genres of music that are being funded by big pharma and things like that. So again, all of that to say, it's shaping people's thinking, as we're shaping people's thinking, with the words that we're saying, and we're able to use less words, to bring people to where they need to be. And so what I find is that when you feel less confident, or we're starting out, it can take us five days to get there. As we grow to being willing to be misunderstood. That's one of the first ones, the more we're willing to be misunderstood by people the last word we need to say, to get to the point. Because we know that people are willing to ask us the questions, but they want to dive deeper. And so as a lot of these different nuances as far as that goes, and I love this, this question from you, and I want to break it down more, I think as well, that'd be a great conversation for our coaching call a little bit of that. I know you wanted to bring some stuff to that as well. So this come up with some more questions as well around us. Okay.

[2039:43] Shonda Whitworth: And I mean, in in stepping into, like, one of the things you told me about like, well, I don't have to wait to step into this reality, because you told me that the same way I show up in the book, I'm not showing up on camera. You're not the first one to tell me that. I mean, so

[2044:10] Speaker 1: that you say I'm not the first one. No, you're not the first. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I didn't think I was I'm like, because I'm reading this book. And I'm like, Well, this is a different, Shonda, like, this is a different energy right here. And if she just shows up like this on her webinars, it's like that's like a, that's like a million dollar energy that I'm reading in the book. The words are very powerful. Now, let's come across with that same confidence, because here's the thing, when I'm reading the book, I'm reading it in the most confident tone that I can imagine from you. I'm not reading it in a tone of voice that sometimes you might show up at us as far as that goes. So and so you've gotten really good at putting that into the written word. And I think we can make that be the same thing that comes out verbally with you as well. That's,

[2057:09] Shonda Whitworth: that's my next desire. And you said, I didn't have to wait for that I could step in toe.

[2058:30] Speaker 1: All step into that. What we have is, we have familiar experiences that pull us back into operating without confidence, operating, in scarcity, lack, wondering if we're good enough, if people are gonna listen to us stuff like that. And so it's just, we got to become really intentional to take every thought captive. And a big part of taking every thought captive is not replaying what happened to us and not really, like replaying and ruminating on what we're trying to avoid happening. Yes.

[2067:27] Shonda Whitworth: I mean, that really resonated with me in their training earlier about not staying stuck in the past that hole that's like, yeah, that

[2069:59] Speaker 1: we can get stuck in two things. What do we try to avoid happening? What is often based on what we saw happened to other people or happened to us? So we're essentially still living in memory of what either somebody else told us, which is very dangerous, because it's not even our own experience. It's just what somebody else told us can happen. By the way, that's exactly what happened. Again, that was a scary time during COVID. All of us put masks on because we were told by somebody that we had to do that. Not even because we experienced something, see what I'm saying. And so it's literally like that's a perfect example of how like what somebody tells us going to happen can literally lead us to actions and activities that we end up doing and changing our entire life around as far as it goes, and how long did it take them to explain that to us? It's a maybe a five minute press conference, you know? So as far as that goes, we got to almost flip that into what we're teaching, or we're doing webinars, it's like what is the most impactful effective language language that we can use? That gets people to take action and bring transformation into their life? So what are we trying to avoid that either people told us might happen to us, or we experienced in the past that we don't want to happen again. And then the flip side is we don't want to get stuck in the future mindset and acronym stick thinking is what it's called, where we're so future minded of where we're going. And we're so like, this is the dream that we've almost become addicted to that, that we don't actually take action in the here and now. And in the present moment. Wow.

[2096:13] Shonda Whitworth: I mean, that's resonate with me. Yeah. I mean, so I've been, I've been both and not Yeah,

[2098:04] Speaker 1: we are almost all most people are, we're in both. We're in the dream world. And we're in the past memory. And there's the tension between the two where we exist in the here. And now when all that there really is for you right now is the present moment to take action. And this is where again, I mean, there's a lot I can read in the Bible that reiterates that actually, every moment is past, present, and future all at once. Yes, all happening all at once right now. And that's kind of crazy to think about, you can make your brain go a little bit nuts to try to dive deeper into that I don't think our brains have been designed to really understand what that means fully. But that's where it's like, we got to stop living in the past and living in the future, and actually live in the present, which is pulling from the future into the present moment. So what I'll look at is, what is the billionaire version of myself that I'm pulling into this present moment, that's how I want to show up on my webinars on my trainings on my calls, as far as that goes, is believing and operating in that as if I'm already there. And that's not faking it till you make it either. That's a big mistake people make is they're like, Well, I'm gonna spend all this money, I'm gonna try to look this way. That's about posturing. We're not talking about posturing. We're talking about getting into a mental state of mind as if, okay, I already know where I'm going. So I'm gonna operate as if I'm already there right now, as if I've already gotten what I want to accomplish. As if it's already the reality for me. And again, by reading the Bible, it actually talks about that's exactly what we're supposed to do.

[2122:24] Shonda Whitworth: Right? And that's how they showed up to Gideon. Yeah.

[2123:28] Speaker 1: So it's very, it's very interesting. A lot. A lot of this is like very much. It sounds like weird. A lot of it's related to quantum physics as well. Yes. But it's, it's in every single spiritual practice. Teach us some version of what I just said right now.

[2129:20] Shonda Whitworth: It does. But that's so powerful. So what

[2130:26] Speaker 1: I look at is, is actually that is literally what creation is. And we're living in a system where that's how things work. And then our consciousness is just operating in that we can either live in the past, we can live in the future, or we can create right now. And that's where we got to accept if there's things that we don't like, like, Okay, I'm accepting the fact that there are things that I'm not able to do today that I want to be able to do. But I got to accept that. And I gotta say, Okay, what, what, what levers need to be pulled? What do I need to do today? To shift that situation? As far as that goes? Right?

[2140:24] Shonda Whitworth: Well, my breakthrough today is like thinking, Oh, I have to do a five day challenge. And when am I going to put a five day challenge on I think, yeah, I could just decide on my own to do one day like you're doing but you are doing it in a setting example for me. So I'm getting this breakthrough, I can do it to to our VIP on the you know,

[2145:03] Speaker 1: here's the here's the flip side, I'll say to that is if you only do a one day you want to test that out. It might not be enough connection with you for people that make a buying decision. So that's where we got to accept the fact that if they don't buy from you, what is that piece that's there that we can optimize? Is

[2149:30] Shonda Whitworth: there so by often if I do, mostly to my email list? Yeah, we do. Like I've got 600 people on

[2151:03] Speaker 1: my email list. Yeah, if it's to your email list,

[2151:38] Shonda Whitworth: I'm sure it'll work. Great. And, um, no, yeah. Okay. And then the other thing

[2152:55] Speaker 1: too, is to really operate in hope. Like believing that things are gonna work out for the best for you.

[2155:47] Shonda Whitworth: Well, I've got one that was I've got 1% and actually expecting

[2156:31] Speaker 1: things to go well for you. And this is where if we expect things to go well for us, the only reason we don't do that is we don't want to get disappointed. So that's where we got to like, and that can be a bit of a journey that is like, Well, where does disappointment come from? We're stuck in the future past memory, all of that we're just trying to like we're not in the present moment of just accepting what's happening. And so that's a little bit deeper as far as like that side of it. And I know that that's that can be very hard. How can we expect and hope for things to go well for us, when nothing ever has in our life? That's what stepping out in faith this and it's really believing. And, and walking in. I believe that I know that I'm called to do this as this can work out and I don't need to struggle and strive anymore.

[2172:14] Shonda Whitworth: Right? Well, I guess we can make that list right of what has gone well, and focus on those things. That's great. Like, like, I've got five clients that have been with me for one year and I have a month to month I don't have a one year like you do I have the setup, but they can cancel anytime. I have five who've stayed with me for 12 months already. Yeah, no, that tells me I'm doing something

[2178:20] Speaker 1: doing a lot. Great. So we got to also then figure out those ones that stayed with you. What did they all have in common? So yeah,

[2180:17] Shonda Whitworth: I appreciate it. Jeremiah,

[2180:41] Speaker 1: thank you. I gotta get going. But this has been a great conversation. Again, I'm excited for where we're heading in here because all of this together just turns into this is exactly what's going to take you to where you want to go to be able to create the kind of income that you want to make. So Alright, have a good one, everybody. Talk soon.

