Email Writing - Lesson 2
Date: 2024-11-10T02:51:07.000Z
Duration: 20 min
Otter ID: MRNbXP0NMiQ5L16eql3LX7ikRhU
---

[0:08] Speaker 0: Yeah, all right. So as I explained in the previous lesson that having a swipe file is one of the most important things that you can have, I want to encourage you to not overthink your email writing. You know, I have met a lot of people where they really end up overthinking their email writing. And when I say I met a lot of people, I'm also talking about myself, where I've dealt with this, I've over thought about this, and I put way too much pressure to make the emails perfect, and what I find is is that that is just way more detrimental to our goals, to our businesses, to what we want to accomplish, than actually, you know, putting our best foot forward to write the emails that we need to and and working on them in a way that produces results. And the problem is, is that the the worst thing you can do is not send emails out to people. The the most detrimental thing that you can do is not email your email list is to not send people emails, because either you're not sure if it's going to be good enough, or you're not sure what to say. And so number one, I want to break down kind of the stages of when we're writing emails, we got a couple of different stages of when we send them out. You can either send out broadcasts. Okay, so a broadcast is what is going to be sent to your email list of people that are already following you. They're already engaging with you. They're already a part of of your ecosystem. And this is a one time email that you send to them. The next one is auto responders. Okay, auto responders is automatic emails that go out when somebody signs up for a lead magnet. It's usually a series of emails. So it's an autoresponder series, and you want to pre write these to go out to people at the time when, within a couple of days after they sign up for your email list. And then the next one is a event series, if you're doing a live event on a specific date. There is a lead up series that you do leading up to the event as well as a post event series as well. Okay, so post event and then pre event are kind of broken up into that, and you can either write those on the fly, or you can write them again, like an autoresponder series. The difference between an autoresponder series and a pre event or post event series is this, let's say the event is happening on November 11. Okay, November 11 2024, doesn't change for anybody. It's the same day for everybody. Okay? So you're going to have emails that are going to go out all leading up to that event, the day before, couple hours before, two days before, five days before. And then you're going to have a series of emails that go out immediately after a day after a day and a half after two days after, three days after, and they make offers to people. Okay? So those all go on a specific day, and it's a bit of a hybrid between a broadcast and an autoresponder. An autoresponder is if you have an evergreen campaign, and it doesn't matter when somebody comes in, if they came in on November 11, they're going to get the same amount of emails that are being sent to them, three, four days of emails, sometimes even seven days. I know some people, they put a 21 day email sequence in there. And so what are you saying to people during these 21 days? Well, you're sharing stories, testimonies, case studies. You're reaffirming why they signed up for the offer. You're reminding them of what they signed up for. You're telling them about what you have for sale. And again, the truth is most people aren't going to open all of your emails. Most people aren't going to click on your emails. You want to be top of mind and send enough emails to people that they think about you, that they remember you, that they are aware of what you have to offer, and that they're not wondering, okay, you know, who is this person, or they only see you once or twice. One of the biggest mistakes that people make with their email marketing is they they email their list once a week, or they emailed their list once a month, and because they don't want to send too many emails to people, and unfortunately, you are out of sight, out of mind to most people, unless they need something or they're getting frustrated. About something when you send that few of emails instead, it's better service, it's better connection, it's better conversation. To continuously send emails to people a couple of times a week, up to even twice a day. I've sent emails out twice a day before to people, and I will have people open every single one of those emails that I send out. Now, yes, we'll get some unsubscribes. There'll be people that don't want to receive the emails, but that's okay. We let them go. We let those people unsubscribe, and that's fine, but you don't want to hesitate to send emails to people, and those would be broadcast emails, because we're broadcasting to them. They're on our list. We're broadcasting our lead magnets, we're broadcasting our offers, we're broadcasting podcasts, we're broadcasting YouTube videos, letting people know about what it is that we have to offer. Okay, so when it comes to your email marketing again, two of the best ways to know what kind of emails to send out, I'm I'm breaking it down right here. These are really the only types of emails that I send. I got broadcast that I send at least once a day. So a broadcast can be, let's say I've made a YouTube video and I want to let somebody know about the YouTube video that I send out. I'm going to send that out as broadcast. Let's say that I have a new podcast episode I'm going to, I'm going to send an email out about the podcast episode letting people know about that. Okay, now, oh, there's a third type here that could also be, course, slash coaching emails, okay? And these ones I maybe send out once or twice a week. These are, if people are in your coaching program, they're in a course, and there's an upcoming day or event or a new piece of content that you're sending them, you're going to send emails out reminding people about what the things are that they signed up for. Okay, so we send out broadcasts with offers. We send broadcasts out with and generally, those offers will be in the form of webinars. They'll be in the form of ebooks. They'll be in the form of some kind of content they will sign up for and consume, and then, by consuming that content, they will progress through your ecosystem that way. Okay, with the autoresponder series, this is after maybe somebody signs up or the free event series. This is after somebody registers for a webinar or an ebook or a live event that you might have, whether it be a live challenge or a live webinar, and then the course and coaching emails are the ones. Let's say somebody's a part of the coaching program. They're going to get an email about the weekly calls or live sessions or things like that that we have that we're offering so but you want to make sure that you're emailing your list consistently. Okay, now what I like to do is, I like to segment out people generally I'll send, I'll segment them out based on did they sign up for an autoresponder series. I'll use my autoresponder series for like a lead magnet. That'll be one segment I'll use. I'll have a my entire list in one bucket where I can send emails to everybody all at once when they come in, and then I'll have a list of just people that are signed up for a specific course or coaching program, and I can send those emails in those so it's really like three different buckets that we have going at any given time. And then we can segment out, let's say somebody signed up for an event. If I'm broadcasting people about the event, I don't necessarily want to send them another email about that event that I'm broadcasting, if they've already signed up for the event. So we can segment people out that way based on that okay, and if this is all sounds like this is a lot. Jeremiah, this is just, this is so confusing and it's overwhelmed. I want you to take a deep breath and realize it's not that complicated. Just think about it and take it one day at a time. You got your email list, you tell people about your your lead magnets, you tell people about your YouTube videos, you tell them about your you have a piece of content that you put out there, maybe you write up something. It's just the written word that's going to break down what you talked about in a YouTube video, or what you talked about on your social media. You're going to break that down in a written email. And then there's a small call to action at the bottom of it, for a lead magnet, for a challenge, for an event, for an offer, for a course or a coaching program that you have, okay? So those would be broadcasts that you would send to the whole list of everybody. And then once somebody, if they come into any of the different offers that you have. Okay, so we have your whole list, and then we have the different offers that you offer, such as lead magnets or coaching programs. Then you have different series of email, whether they be scheduled on specific dates and time

[158:55] Speaker 0: or they're an auto responder. That's auto written that way. Okay, so. So that's, that's how it breaks down as far as the structure of emails and those that's how many emails we send out. The more consistently that you are engaging with people with email, the more consistently that you are sending emails out to people, the better. So if I'm going to broadcast to people again, I'm going to send something I'm gonna I try to broadcast my list at least once a day, sometimes twice a day. Now, if I do an autoresponder series, it just depends on if I'm if I have a deadline funnel going using the tool called deadline funnel. It's a great way to do that, because then I can have a three to four day sequence, or I send two emails a day for four days. Okay, so we have the initial opt in right here, where they sign up, they get one email and they get two emails on day, on this day right here, two emails here, two emails here, and three emails here. Okay, and so what do we actually say in these emails? Well, I'm going to tell you that. So like in this one right here. This is just the initial email after somebody signs up for a lead magnet. This is the first email that somebody's getting after they sign up for a lead magnet. You're thanking them for signing up. You're giving them access to the thing that they signed up for. Now, the next day, immediately, I want my first email that goes out to them to reiterate the same thing that this did. I want to tell them about what they signed up for. I want to, I want to remind them of it, because chances are, they ignored the first email, and they're going to probably ignore almost all of these emails until the last day. And so expect that, expect that most of the people that sign up in your email list are literally going to ignore most of the emails that you send to them, and there's nothing like emailing people less isn't an effective strategy to get people to not ignore you. Our brain thinks so. Our brain tells us, oh, that's a better strategy to not get ignored because then we're not bothering people so much. No, you will be ignored at at the same or worse scale, if you're emailing people less often all the time, unequivocally. Okay, so what I'll do, though, on each of these days is I will send out something that reminds them of what they signed up for, and then I might also send them an offer that's a sales pitch to my program. The next day, I'll send them maybe two sales pitch emails. This third day, I'll send them another one that reminds them of this thing right here, and one sales pitch email. And then the last day, whatever I'm selling, whatever that sales offer is, I'm going to talk about it three times, and I'm going to send an email out at the very end leading up to midnight, when say the door is closed, the offer expires. To do that, by the way, even if you don't have an offer that's expiring, even if it doesn't expire forever, you could say that there's a there's a limited time for you to jump in and just have a countdown timer of some kind that will count down to a certain date or time when they need to take action, and that will serve you really, really well in your business, it's just one little thing that you can add in there that's going to help more people sign up and actually want to buy from you. Okay, now let's say that you have a live event. Almost a very similar sequence is sent out. This is similar to like the post email sequence. If you have a live event, what I will do is, this is, I will take I will write up four emails, 1234, and this one is what they get immediately after they sign up. And then each day for the next four days, they're getting something that reminds them of what they signed up for. Hey, we have this live event. We're so excited to have you there. Hey, we have this live event coming up. You signed up for it, and you might be like, Well, why am I going to say the same thing to them over and over again? Because you're staying top of mind, because you're staying in front of them to be prepared for what you have to offer, because you're reminding them. And you'll put a different subject line for each of these, okay? And then leading up to the event, then what we do is, let's say the event is right here. Let's say again, it's November 11. I'm going to have an email that goes out 15 minutes before the event starts, I'm gonna have an email go out exactly one hour before it starts. I'm gonna have it go out the morning of. I'm gonna have an email go out the day before. Okay, so this is four different emails that you want to send out leading up to the live event as well. You have this sequence of reminders after they signed up, and then you have four emails as well that lead right up to the event itself. And then, usually I will have another email scheduled immediately after it ends, after the live event ends. I might even say. One right here that says that we're live. Like, yeah, I said we're starting in 15 minutes. And then I send another one that says that we're live, if it's a live event. So they get five emails over the course of 24 hours for me right there, and I'll tell you this, after pushing 1000s of people through offers like live events like this, not one person, we can maybe one person, but, like it was so low, 1000s of people, maybe one or two people out of 1000s unsubscribed, and zero complaints were sent through this sequence right here, because I was reminding them of what they signed up for, of what they registered for, and that's how we had record people, amount of people showing up to our live events, because we made sure to send out this many emails leading up to the event. I met a lot of people that don't send enough emails that lead up to their event, and and then they're like, nobody showed up. Well, you had an option. You had a choice that you made. Did not send enough emails, and unfortunately, the people that do make that choice, they don't get a lot of people that show up for their event. Okay, so leading up to a live event the day before the morning of an hour before the event goes live, 15 minutes before the event goes live, and then I have a when the event goes live, at the exact time that it's going live, and then I'll have one immediately after. And that's a recap email of what was talked about in that live session. There'll be a recap with some bullet points. I might use AI to help me generate some of those bullet points. And so I'm going to break down for you in this course, how to write up all of those different emails. I'm going to show you examples of this, of how we write them, what to say in them. Okay? And then what I'll do is I'll usually, I always again, I use a deadline, some kind of a limited offer, limited time, whether it be savings with a coupon, whether it be expiring bonuses that people have to sign up before a specific time. So let's say the event is on November 11, and then November 15 is when the deadline is for them to sign up. So I'm going to go through the same sequence that we had right here. I want to go through the same sequence that we have right here, two emails a day leading up to that day, because we it's not a it's not an evergreen offer. We eliminate this initial autoresponder because we send enough live emails, and then we have that initial one, and then we send two emails out. We send one that reminds them of the recording. We'll send one that reminds them of what the offer is that was sold. We'll send two emails then about what the offer was that was sold, another one about the offer and the recording, final day to get the recording. And then on the final day, three emails about the offer with on the last three hours leading up to when the doors close, or the final time for them to register for it is they'll get an email that tells them that that's the last chance to sign up for it. And so again, you're reminding people of what they signed up for. You're telling them what action you want them to take next. And you're not beating around the bush with this. You're not being passive with it. You're being direct, you're taking action, and you're getting people to specifically know what it is that you have to offer, so that they are prepared to make a decision. They they're going to make one or two decisions. I'm going to listen to your content, I'm going to watch the content, I'm going to consume it. I'm going to become a client, or I'm going to ignore it. And again, most people are going to ignore everything you send in the in all those emails. Sending less emails is not an answer to get them to not ignore or just or to listen to you more. Just doesn't work that way. The majority will ignore you, but the ones who don't, those are your people. Those are the ones who are going to become your clients. Those are the ones who are going to open every email that you send. They're going to be on every live event that you send out, and they will buy everything that you offer, and that's what you build a seven figure business around. Okay, so the next lesson, we're going to break down, what do we actually say in some of these emails? We might not break down all of the emails in one lesson, but we're going to start that process. We're going to break that down. What do we say in our broadcast emails that we send to people? How do we broadcast to people? We're going to talk about that as well. All right, so I'll see you in the next lesson. Have a good one.

