April 6: Get More Paid Membership Subscriptions & Clients with Facebook Ads
Date: 2024-04-06T18:30:06.000Z
Duration: 101 min
Otter ID: NU4PLgEOd16d1vjVqW7W36a_n3E
---

[0:40] Speaker 0: All right. Hello, hello. Hello, everybody. How are you doing today? I hope you're having a great time. I hope you're having a wonderful, wonderful afternoon here. Morning, early morning. Where are y'all watching from? Are y'all watching from the chat? is open. Chat is open right now. Hello, hello. Awesome, awesome. Let's go pull this up into our streaming platform here. So I want to stream it out to all the different social medias and stuff that we have. Because a lot of people they, they seem to like that. We have literally hundreds of people that actually watched the stream or the recording or, or all that. See. That's usually keeps me logged in. Who, but it's not this time. All right. Let's try that one. There we go. We got it. How y'all doing today? Is anybody here in the chat? You can you can type in the chat. It's okay. I don't bite. like, Wait, isn't that weird? I get it. I get it. Maybe you've not been a part of something like this before. Maybe you've not been on something that's interactive like this. I see Chris I see Craig. Don de Hoffmann, Deb. Lisa oluwo, Rebecca. And more people are coming in. Right now let's see stream. The stream key right here stream key. And then go over to the Facebook group. How many of y'all are in the Facebook group that I I loaded up the pre trainings in those pre trainings. And this is kind of a smaller intimate group here. I specifically was doing a test just focusing on those that are on my email list. Retargeting those that are on my email list those that I have connected with here. So this is going to be like a lot more of an intimate setting as far as that goes. Okay, let's see Facebook group, then I just have to I have to add the channel now. But some of y'all want to see what I'm doing here. So I'm just doing what I was doing last time here where we we basically connect into Facebook. And then I don't have a popup blocker. Oh, wait, really? It's weird. There we go. Which browser is this? Oh, this is Firefox. That's why Mozilla Firefox. And that's why. Anyways, yes. If you're in the chat, let me know in the chat. So we can talk back, you're here to learn about how to do Facebook ads, right? You want to know how to do Facebook ads, you want to know how do we price things, right? How do I target the right people? How do I run the ads? How do I get started with Facebook ads? We sent an email out this morning, where I was talking about just specifically like, what we're going to go over here today, we've had a number of people jump into our Facebook group here. What's up, Ryan? Ryan Jones, how are you? I see you log in here. So we've had a number of people that jumped into the Facebook group that have told us what they want to learn. And so I basically boiled it down to four main topics that we're going to talk about here today. But I need this to be interactive with everybody. Okay. I need this to be interactive with everybody would also like to know how to grow organically well done. I understand that. That's what you want to know. But today is a Facebook ads training. So you know, gosh, I to be honest, I don't I don't know how to grow organically that well. I don't I know how to engage with people once I'm connected with them. But every business that I've ever built or done has all been through ads and then we bring people in through the ads and then we engage with them organically. I don't know the first thing about organic engagement whatsoever. I make content it, but it's hit or miss for me. And so for me, Don, I'm gonna be straight up with you, for me to come out here and say, Hey, I'm going to show you how to grow organically, I would be fraudulent and a liar. If I did do that, so. So I'm guessing you don't want me to pretend like I know how to do something that I don't know how to do. Right? Okay, awesome, because that's because, again, I get that you greatly appreciate if I go over how to do that. But you know, I think everybody else here actually came because they wanted to learn Facebook ads, right? How many of y'all want me to teach you about something that I don't know, related to organic traffic? Because, you know, let me know how many of y'all want to know about that. Honesty is the best policy and so that's why Yeah, no, I'm being honest with you on that. Um, every time I do a teaching about Facebook ads, I have like five people that come up to me, they're like, can this help me with my real estate? Business? Can this help me? Can you teach me e commerce? Can you teach me how to sell my products with E commerce online? And I'm like, my superpower is with coaches, course creators, mentors, membership sites, using Facebook ads, and that's my lane. And so if you're here for anything else, but that I'm going to agree justly disappoint you today, on the deepest levels, okay, because I don't talk about things that I'm not qualified to teach on. And I work to state how many of y'all think that like our world would be a better place, if more people stay in their lane instead of talking about stuff that they have no qualification proof or track record in, right? At least I do. And then and then you see people running for office and politicians and you're like, my goodness, where you see their track record, and you're like, you probably should just retire. This isn't a political conversation. But I always think about that. It's like we have this crazy world where people are misrepresenting themselves and lying about what they can do to people. And it makes people like me look that. You know, how many people see my ads run on social media and they're like, Jeremiah, you're a scammer. You're a liar. You've never done shit with anybody. You can't do shit. You're in a child's bedroom right now. You don't know anything about business. And I'm like, okay, dude. Great. Keep telling yourself that and stay angry. As far as that goes. And if I if I sound angry, or grumpy right now, it's not. It's not that I am at all this is I'm laughing at the fact that when you run ads on social media, that's the response that you're going to get from people no matter how truthful, honest, or how much integrity that you actually have, no matter how much of a track record you have, you will have people on social media that are going to come at you and try to question you scrutinize you pick apart everything that you do and come up with anything that they can do to disqualify why they shouldn't listen to you. Why am I talking about this in a training about Facebook ads? Because if you're gonna run Facebook ads, baby, that's what you are basically signing up for. How many of y'all don't want to run Facebook ads now because of that? Right. That's why I've created a kind of a unique system. Where and I'm looking on my screen here to set up the stream. I'm trying to find the Oh, there's the YouTube like, I always forget the YouTube link on here. Okay, here's this and then we update the title. We do live Facebook ads class available for 24 hours a day. Join us live on here and grab the Zoom link to join us on zoom here by jumping into this Facebook group. Boom, there's that here's the Facebook group right here. All right, upgrade to the VIP for seven bucks. I told y'all I'm not gonna pitch you anything. And so I'm going to I'm going to keep my word on that one for you. VIP upgrade. APR six, you all want to like find like whatever our VIP is just type in the date there but I delete the old one which is interesting. So yeah, VIP Seven Bucks gives you the recording of today's session, which we're going to keep it down to actual training that you can implement.

[158:00] Speaker 0: We're doing a bonus q&a at 1:30pm Eastern, maybe we might go to 135 We always seem to go like 10 minutes over, I always usually end up starting 10 minutes late. I'm working on it, my friends, I'm working on being more on time as far as that goes. But some of y'all know just how I am. It takes me a little bit to kind of get going. But I did a few things, I put a few things in order to help me with that. So finding your niche training that's in here, how to create ads, effectively, there's some bonus PDFs, different things like that. But that's the VIP upgrade link right there. I'm just going to put that right there updates, we're going to stream into all of these places here. Places set and

[170:36] Speaker 1: blank.

[172:12] Speaker 0: Here it is, here we go. Oh, go live. You don't have permission to live stream? Really? How do I not have permission to live stream? Okay. All right, fine. Let's try again.

[181:12] Speaker 0: And by the way, if y'all are annoyed that I don't have this set up, right away, trust me, you're not going to like the rest of today's training. You're annoyed by my food, you're definitely not going to like today's training. Go live. There we go. Awesome. I'm like I know it works. But do this every week, they are phasing out this whole thing with like Facebook groups and stuff like that, where they're not going to be letting you stream into Facebook groups. So that is a thing. That's starting to happen. But that's why we're basically getting set up to where you can do that will in my coaching group, we basically keep you up to date with all the all the latest and greatest when it comes to doing things like that. And so if you are a VIP, obviously you're gonna get the recording of this, this will be in the members area over at my website, you can go find access to that members area by go to Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash login right here. And this will log you right into our back end members area right there. That's where you'll find the recording will send you emails with the VIP login as far as that goes. So yeah, we're about to dive into it. One thing I wanted to mention, like I said, Let's just make sure that the streaming, it says that it is over here. It says we're streaming on all platforms. says we're good to go. I see it right there. Perfect. Awesome. All right, we're good. So in the Facebook group right here, there are pre trainings. And these are brand new, I've never taught these before in any setting whatsoever. And I recorded them on March 30. About a week ago. Let's see uploaded at two in the morning, March 30. This is an eight minute training on what are the best platforms to use when launching your campaigns. Okay, that's what you're wondering, only four people have looked at it, that's okay. Getting the very best cost for all your ads. So you save money and don't waste money. That's a 10 minute training. Again, this is going to dive into this. Here's another free training right here how to get your ads in front of the right people so that they become your customers and clients. That's a 17 minute training. So right here, if you add all that up, that's almost 4035 minutes of training right there that's in the Facebook group. So I'm not going to repeat myself and say the same things that I put in there, you can go in the Facebook group and go check that out. All right, there's the link to the Facebook group right there. And those will stay up. We're going to delete the main session recording 24 hours after, after basically you have till midnight tomorrow to watch the main session. And all that we're going to then delete it only VIPs get access to that. But the pre trainings in the Facebook groups, those will actually stay in there. So you can even go through those next week if you want as far as that goes, okay, but make sure you go through them, because they're extremely relevant content. Okay, so what everybody was asking, they want to know, how do we identify our ideal client? How do we discover proven methods to find the people that are most likely to buy? How do you set up the ads the right way to generate a strong return? How do you set it up in the ads manager? pricing and product development? How do you develop a good pricing strategy so that people recognize the value and then how do you even get started, continue to find the motivation, especially when you feel impostor syndrome? Maybe you have been shut down by Facebook, maybe they've rejected you. Maybe they blocked your ads before Maybe you've heard things and you've seen some stuff out there. What I want to do here today is I don't not want to be a talking head. Where I'm literally just talking to you guys, and you're just sitting there like, zombies listening to me. Okay? Are you all zombied out right now?

[247:00] Speaker 0: Don says, I'm a coach and mentor and teach and mentor college university students on how to get straight A's. Using a process and system, I've created an envelope. So Don, check this out. I bet you've scrutinized my last 60 minutes, that's probably been the worst possible way that you could start a training, especially to keep students engaged. Can I tell you this, that was by design 100%. And so what's interesting is, is that part of our system and what we do to make sure that our ads work and to make sure that we actually produce results, is we intentionally break almost all of the rules of traditional education. There is one type of person that I depending on their age, because I know I see Jason Mitchell here, Jason is also an educator. But Jason's, what 3839 years old, if you are over the age of 40, and you are a career educator, I almost can guarantee you, I will not be able to help you to hear today. Because I pretty much take everything you've ever been taught in your life, about how to do what you do, right, and your superpower. And, and I take this, this trashcan right here, and I say, okay, everything about traditional education and coaching and mentoring, we're just gonna stop it in the trashcan, we're gonna take it, we're gonna go, this goes in here. This goes in here, all the stuff that made you successful as a mentor, all the stuff that you teach people, all the stuff that they tell you, you're supposed to do, is I just take a big old trash bag and just kind of dump it at the dump, as far as that goes. And so what I want you to understand is, is that most of my clients that I actually work with are over the age of 40. Isn't that interesting? So most of my clients are over the age of 40. But there's one type of person that I can, I've never been able to help at all. And it's an educator at somebody with a career background as an educator, who is an expert at what they do, who has done it for years. But they want to know, how do we go from that world to the online marketing world. And for some reason, I've been trying to figure this out like a Rubik's Cube, I kind of know what it is. But I would have to completely change my personality, how I show up and everything I teach people. And the fact is, is that what I teach and my personality is what has made me and my clients so successful financially. And so for me to actually do that, just so that I can help a certain demographic of people that I have been unable to even ever help whatsoever. And in fact, I worked with a university once was brought before the board of directors and they told me that I was the worst possible thing that could have ever happened to that organization, even though we increased it, even though we increased student enrollment by 30%, in six months, but the legacy, the reputation management, all of that, the honor, the respect all of that. So what you're going to notice is I am extremely disrespectful. Especially towards traditional education. And it's probably coming from my background of the fact that I was homeschooled, have some have never sat in a college before. And quite frankly, I'm, again, I'm not going to change that I do respect people. But I think that Respect is earned. But I think that the traditional education system is completely flawed. And part of the reason why what I do is so unique is because you literally have to take most of the strategies that have made you successful, and rip them out of your brain completely. And then rewire brand new stuff that's going to help you be able to market and sell and get clients online as far as that goes. One thing that I will say is if anybody wants to come up here and discuss any of the stuff that I'm sharing, here on screen, raise your hand I'd love to have you come up here and talk with me. If you want to give me a piece of your mind if you want to basically cuss me out to on camera, you can totally do so. I am not a person who really is concerned about what other people think about me as you can tell. And you can tell that especially by where I even film and how I do the stuff that I do. And by the way, this is all by design. Some of you are like, what does any of this have to do with Facebook ads? It has everything to do with Facebook ads. Do you want me to connect the dots for you as to why it is? As to why this has to do with Facebook ads? You're asleep coach, and educator help women and professionals, business owners 40 plus years have more energy and productivity and better sleep. Okay. That's probably the second demographic that I've not had much success with is sleep coaches. It's a pretty interesting niche to be able to sell. Especially with Facebook ads, I have a couple of them that I've worked with, and I usually tell sleep coaches probably gonna have to find a different way to get clients and Facebook ads. Dog Trainer as far as dog training goes. That works okay, with Facebook ads. It's a little bit rough, rough, rough, rough. Yes. I barked on cameras. In a professional business setting where I'm talking about using people's money. How disrespectful Could I get? Let's see. Let's explore that. And we lost some people awesome. Love it. And that's exactly what it is, is is my goal. And my mission here today is to actually tell you what works. The problem is most people don't want to hear what actually works. They just want to be told, oh yeah, this will work for you. And you just do these two things. And then you fill in the blanks here and you follow this and I can guarantee you it's gonna make you money. Can I tell you this? I can't guarantee anything that I talked about here today. The number one rule of running Facebook ads, is this okay?

[349:35] Speaker 1: How much money are you willing to lose?

[354:20] Speaker 0: How much money are you willing to lose?

[356:56] Speaker 0: Because you need to answer that question first. Before we can even have a conversation about Facebook ads. Is it 100 bucks 200 510,000 $40,000. Half a million bucks. You know, I have a client he worked with me for a while super successful. But we ran ads one month $40,000 last in the toilet in the paper shredder? Do you know how many people could have been fed for that a salary? How many people's lives probably could have been saved overseas? People that were you know, that are in need? How many homeless people could have been home with that $40,000? Nope. Instead, I just started the paper shred. And so you have to be willing to do that. Does that make sense? Not intentionally, you're not intentionally trying to be willing to do that. But you have to be willing to have a loss at some point or a moment in time. Because one of the number one factors that I see that stops people from being successful with their ads is they are unwilling to lose when it comes to time when it comes to money when it comes to reputation when it comes to anything in their life. And that loss is actually the number one thing that they cannot handle. Loss of friendships, abandonment, loss of safety, security. Let me explain what I mean by that. When you start advertising yourself on social media, you have to put a address on your website, people will show up at that address that are angry looking for you. Now I've not had anybody show up at my address angry. Um, we have a mailing address, but I go in there and I asked him has anybody shown up as far as that goes? Let me give you an example. When we were running my mom's business and again, some of y'all like Jeremiah, talk about what you've done, not your mother Jesus, I get it that that might anger you that I'm talking about my mom. Let me explain what I'm talking about her because her and I built that company together to eight figures per year. And I and it was day to day with that. So for me to not talk about what I've actually done in business would be crazy. Just because it was during a time period when I was working with my mom during 31 years in business, does that make sense? I understand I understand that maybe you have no respect for me because I have a rich mother. And I share stories about the glory days when I was working with her. I totally get it. In fact, I mean, gosh, can we admit that that's part of the problem with our society today is rich and wealthy kids that thinks that they're entitled to anything in our world, right? Totally. And yet, here I am, the embodiment of that right there. Exactly. cocky, arrogant, thinks he knows everything. Disrespectful. Nepotism, egregious Lee thinks that people owe him respect because of something that his mom did 31 years ago. Welcome, baby. That's me. Okay. So if you want to learn how to actually make Facebook Ads work, I'd love to show you. Absolutely, if you are willing to hear some things that are going to legitimately violate everything that you have ever been taught in your entire life, about what is proper when it comes to building businesses. Understood. Okay. So with my mom's business, we had 1000s of people, she has over a million people that follow her on Facebook. Some of y'all don't know who she is, which is also interesting. That's okay. This is my mom right here. 1.2 million people on social media. And we built this with Facebook ads, this social media platform. And I've been working with her for last couple of years, and I started working with her back in 2011, to grow this brand to grow this business. For what my mom does, that's my mom, Sandy Krakowski right here. All right, she doesn't do business coaching. She doesn't teach you about business, she teaches about the stock market. She teaches about skincare and fitness for women. Okay. But what I'm going to be teaching you here today is what she actually taught me. And what I have learned through my own trial and error, trying to basically prove mom wrong. I thought that she was wrong and didn't know anything about business, because that's what a cocky, arrogant son actually does. And in fact, I see that she knew everything that she was talking about. And so once I started applying all the lessons that my mom taught me, the marketplace as a whole started telling me that I was wrong. Just like they told my mother, which is interesting. So she had a million people on her social media, and tons of client testimonies, happy people, they would show up at her mailbox, looking for her, to give her a piece of their mind. To tell her how angry they were at her as to what she was doing wrong, and how they can help her and all this episode. So what I'm telling you is this a number one, don't put your home address on your website. Number two, when you start running Facebook ads, you're risking two things. loss of income, loss of anonymity, loss of security, loss of people not knowing who you are. And so if you for some reason, want to be faceless, nameless, people don't know who you are. You will not be able to target anybody with Facebook ads, no matter how much you try. Okay, so social media is built around one specific word, social, okay? human connection. People connecting with other human beings. That means your face talking on camera, and by the way, you don't need to have my attitude or my mom's attitude or our confidence to make this work. I'll tell you this 99.9% of people that I know do not have the level of confidence. And I don't give a rat's dinky rag about other people's opinion that my mom and I do. We're at probably one of the highest levels that you're going to experience of legitimately being unconcerned about other people's negative opinions about us. Does that make sense? Okay. So, but I get that maybe you've not been trained that way. Maybe you've not been taught that way and depending on your socioeconomic status Adas, maybe you can't be that way. Because you'll either get fired, or you'll lose money or things like that, or people will come after you or something like that, can I tell you this? True wealth and true freedom is being able to do whatever you want, whenever you want, say whatever you want to whomever you want, no matter what, without fear or worry or concern about what is going to happen to you by choosing your life. Okay, now, some of y'all are hearing that and you're saying, Oh, so you're just saying you can run your mouth with no consequences? Did I say that? Or is that the projected version of how you thought I meant? I think that people should be held accountable for the things they say. I think they should be scrutinized for the things that they say. I think that there are things that people say, on social media, they have no place to be on social media. And they're running ads, and they're trying to get you to buy into their coaching programs. And you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, you're not really doing a good job of demonstrating that to me right now. You're not really doing a good job of showing me that you actually are tactical or strategic with the things that you say, Would you be surprised to know that the last 32 minutes have been 100%? Strategically scripted out? Now, I am not an AI. I am not a robot. But I've been doing this long enough to know exactly what cadence to say, how to say it, how to show up to help the right people. And to do one thing, that is the most important thing to me. When I run Facebook ads, and it's the number one thing that most people refuse to do when they run Facebook ads, because it challenges all of those things that they have been taught are the right things to do. Can we all agree that there are certain things that we can say and that we can do that make people not trust us anymore? Right?

[517:16] Speaker 0: Like if I came out here, in business, and I was, God forbid, naked on camera, maybe maybe not emotionally, but physically, right. And I just started cussing at the camera and saying all this stuff. And I just started all this. Some of y'all what I've just done for the last 32 minutes was the equivalent of that to you, from what you've been taught, with your background, I understand. But maybe go watch the recording and realize that there's nothing that I have said in the last 32 minutes, that actually should offend anybody. And the only reason that would be offensive is because there are certain parts about your brain, and your belief system that are so wired against what I'm teaching that it will be impossible for me to help you. No matter what I say, no matter how strategically I show you how to do these things. Does that make sense? Some of you all don't believe that. Probably, again, by how you were raised your background. I also find that usually people over the age of 40 or 50 struggle with this concept and idea of the fact that other people experience things differently than they do. And but as a millennial that, listen, I don't know everything. There's a lot I can learn from those that are over the age of 40 and 50. I just had my 36th birthday, so I'm getting there. But I'm still a baby, I get it. But not everybody experiences the same things all the time. One of the number one things that we have to realize is this that to make your Facebook Ads work. And by the way, if you don't do this thing that I'm about to show you on the whiteboard right now, you are choosing to burn money in the paper shredder. Remember, I told you that story about my client, we lost him $40,000 and running ads, by the way, he wasn't upset.

[551:10] Speaker 1: Why not?

[551:24] Speaker 0: What did you do to him to make him not upset at losing $40,000? Well, the next month he made 450,000 and the month after he made a million in one month. And it was and I had actually recommended that he only spent 20,000 on ads that month and instead he was like No, I want to spend 60 Okay, so as far as that goes, I think the 20,000 recommendation would have been good. And I called him multiple times. I was like dude, don't spend more than 20 that he's like No, I want you to spend 60 Okay, great last 40 Because I could tell I was like it's too too much too soon too quick, you don't want to do that. You put too much gas on the gas pedal. How many y'all know if you drive that Corvette right there, especially that one, because that's from the early 90s. And that doesn't have a lot of the safety stuff that that Corvette has right there. How many y'all know that if you drive that Corvette, and you go too fast, too soon, you will hurt yourself. It's the same with Facebook ads. But at the same time, if you have a Corvette like that, driving it around super slow and cautious and careful how many y'all have ever been behind somebody like a real fast sports car. And they're going like 20 under the speed limit, because they're afraid of scratching it or something with a rock on the side, I get it. And I understand that's what a cruise is for a Dream Cruise. Have fun with that. But don't be driving down the highway in your Ferrari go and 30 under with traffic behind you. Okay, just like common courtesy here. As far as that goes. At the same time, you don't want to be going three times the speed limit too fast, too soon, you're not trained in it, you don't understand it. That's exactly what it is when running Facebook ads. So you have to be able to find what we call the sweet spot. And the sweet spot is this is that there's an area where this is basically too little. And then this is too much. Okay. And the sweet spot is kind of like right in here. And this is the profit zone. Here's the problem, people start making money right here, or they start making money right here. And then they ramp up and they jump all the way over here. And then they lose money really, really quickly. And it becomes this roller coaster ride like this. That's how you lose money with Facebook ads. And by the way, you might lose money even over here. A number of my clients, I recommend spending 100 to $200 to test their ads out. Sometimes they have to do that a few times. I have a client amazing client she was making $35,000 a month. And it's dawn. But the first couple of times she ran ads, it was like $300 no results. $500 no results. $1,000 no results. Why did she keep doing it? Right? Doing the same thing again and again and again and expecting a different result is the definition of what insanity? Was she insane? Some might say so in fact, her friends, family, and others didn't think so. But if you look back at her track record of working with my mom and myself and her making over $30,000 a month and beyond in our business, if you look at the clients of ours that we've worked with that have been able to make over a million dollars a month, were they insane? Or did they know something that those other people didn't know? Okay, so that's what I'm gonna be teaching you here today. And this is the part that most people get wrong. And it's why they lose money even when they're doing a little bit of ads. So even if you're spending 100 bucks with your ads, how many y'all could spend 100 bucks with paid advertising? And sure does it hurt to lose 100 bucks. I had a I had a client about a year ago, she told me Jeremiah, I can't even lose a $10 on ads. Her background was I was an accountant. She was an accountant. She told me, I just I can't even lose $10 on ads, it would mean that like I would literally feel suicidal if I did so. And I had so much empathy for that because I was like wow, like that has such a deep level of a accountability and honesty and integrity and respect for money that she literally can't see herself losing $10 on ads. And by the way, that's who you want running your accounting. That's who you want running your HR department. But those that behavior that was a superpower of hers over here had to be slightly adjusted if she wanted to run Facebook ads. The moral of the story is she said Jeremiah, I just I refuse to change that part of myself or even operate in a way that might lose me even $10. And I told her okay, then I don't think you can run it like Facebook, like you're literally just going to be fighting an uphill battle of fear, stress and worry and anxiety and all of that trying to do this. Now at the same time. Sometimes we need to push through a little bit our fear of stress, worry and anxiety, okay? Whenever I host a webinar like this or a training or do a class like this, I experience a certain degree of even fear, stress, worry, anxiety, public speaking is one of the most terrifying things to me. Some of you all wouldn't know that because of seeing me here today and watching me for the last couple of years, but it is one of the scariest things in the world to me is public speaking, but I have learned a few frameworks on how to show up as an effective speaker, teacher leader, am I the best at it? No, I'm not, I'm sure some of you are better speakers, teachers, leaders and mentors than I am. Especially because of your background. And I'm sure you're watching me here today saying Jeremiah, you just need to shut up and have somebody else run this training, because you clearly are not qualified to ever teach anybody what you're talking about here today. I understand if that is your opinion, but I disagree with you. And the clients that I work with would also disagree with you as well, I may not be the best speaker, I may not be the best teacher leader, I may not have the very best structure as to how I lead students. But I have some frameworks that work when it comes to running Facebook ads. And the number one thing that you need to make sure of

[657:29] Speaker 0: is that you effectively work to alienate, segregate segment, ostracize, and abandon. Those are strong words aren't that they're strong for a reason. The people from your funnel, and your ads that are not going to do one thing with you. And that is spend money with you.

[669:23] Speaker 1: Now, how can you possibly know

[670:35] Speaker 0: and have the level of arrogance to know and I say it that way, because it really is a high level of arrogance to say that you know who's going to spend money with you. It would be if you didn't know what I know, about the way the Ads Manager works. It would be a very high level of arrogance, if you didn't have the experience and track record that I have. There's two things and two things only, that need to be the priority for you. When running Facebook ads. Number one, people that are going to spend money with you, you don't want your ads showing up in front of people that are not going to spend money with you, even if that's just $7.07 bucks, seven bucks. $1 is $1. But there's a second part to it as well. You also want to simultaneously repel people that you are incapable of getting a result for. And that's an even a higher level of arrogance. And in fact, that statement that I just made is enough to cancel me on all platforms of social media, in today's culture, to think that I could ever know who I can't get a result for. It wouldn't be if you didn't have my experience, my track record. You didn't know my limitations. The things that I'm not good at, by the way, there's a ton of things I'm not good at. I make mistakes constantly. I do. And there we go. We're losing people right now. We're losing people off of the stream, they're logging off, the numbers are dwindling down. Because people are incapable of listening to somebody who admits that they make mistakes. That is the culture that we live in today. That if you make a mistake, especially if you're having a conversation about money, and finances and marketing and business, you better be canceled and destroyed. Because that is the society that we live in today. How many y'all have seen it? Canceled culture shutting down people that don't say the right things that say things differently because you found one little area where they messed up where they made a mistake where they screwed up. I could give you a list of them but I don't think y'all are here to hear my list of mistakes

[719:11] Speaker 0: I can give you a list of my downfalls and I'm sure most of y'all You are intuitive enough to be able to read them on me like a book. Some of y'all are a master at human psychology on such a level, that you're able to tell everything about who I am by what you're watching today. cherisher says no people wanted to know about running ads to their audience.

[728:35] Speaker 0: I laugh because people get it like they fester in their mind about like this like, Well, I wanted to know about running ads to my audience. I wanted to know about running ads to my audience. What have I been talking about for the last 47 minutes or so? Because I've been talking about how to run ads to your audience for the last 47 minutes what I don't understand

[735:19] Speaker 0: I'm talking about building an audience. Are you talking about running ads like to your existing audience? That's that's a little bit different. That's called a retargeting ad. We've been talking about building an audience how to not lose money with ads, so that you attract the right audience to you. That's going to actually spend money with it. Okay, just basic, how many? Let's go back to kindergarten here. Okay. Because I don't think I don't think I don't think that everybody understands the math here. Okay, so if I spend $10 on ads, and it brings in $2. That means I lost $8. Does that math? Does that make sense to y'all? Or is that too hard?

[748:44] Speaker 0: If it is we can we can we can do it with with like toy blocks or something. Because that's how I teach my son how to do math, we could do it with

[751:57] Speaker 0: we could do with markers. But we got we got one marker here. We have another marker here. If you spend one marker on ads, you need to get at least one or two more markers back. Let's see. Two markers back. So by so sort of this is my ads right here, let's let's use the green one, okay.

[760:27] Speaker 0: It's been one marker on ads, I get one marker back. So this cancels it out. We're in the black right there. Does that make sense. But now if we get two markers back, we have a profit of double what we spent, actually triple. So we started with one marker, we got one marker back. And now we have two extra, we can take one of these profit with another. And you end up scaling that to five markers. You try to get 10 back, scale it to 10 markers trying to get 20 back to so that math, you got it, you got to really think about it in like preschool level math for this to work. You actually do. And I think that that's part of the problem when people run Facebook ads is they're overcomplicating all of this, because we're building it from a perspective of like our, our reputation and managing our reputation and looking smart to everybody and attracting the right people and trying to, you know, mind, meld them into our funnel and make them buy like all of the stuff that doesn't matter. Okay. So for us to even have a conversation about running ads, you have to understand that the number one thing that you need to do, that's going to make it to where you're not losing $8 for every $10 You spend so that you're not losing eight marks. Like if you spend 10 markers, you're not losing eight of them every time and now you only got two left. That's a That's a quick way to go homeless. And yet, that's what's happening when most people run Facebook ads because they don't understand what I'm telling you here right now, or they think that it doesn't matter. Or they think that there's other stuff that matters. Like wanting to know how to run ads in the audience and stuff like that. Don says there's a few good questions in the chat. Love to know answers to, if you could review a couple how as what Hey, Don is what I'm talking about now. I'm not I'm not something that you that's, that's that's what you came for. Is what I'm talking about right now not what you came here for y'all

[807:07] Speaker 0: Yes, cost ROI. Okay. Well, you can't even have a conversation about Facebook ads without understanding that whole cost ROI thing. Okay. Don't need to target any more at what I don't know what you're saying. Let me see let's see the questions. Do you need to target when Facebook at a if you're making more than you're putting in. Okay. Let's see the questions here. Coaching midlife Christian women with chronic disease turn their passion into profit. Okay. It's not a question. I'm curious what you've been finding about Facebook ads not working for sleep coaches. I haven't done ads in a long time. Well, so what I've seen with that is that it's a very difficult market to actually do, you got to do a lot more testing than with other niches. So like there's certain niches that like your testing level and budget that you need for testing is a lot less than the sleep coach thing. So there's a longer testing cycle with the sleep coaching market, because sleep is such a polarizing topic. Okay? Why do sleep coaches ads not work over weight loss coaching? Well, weight loss coaching is a lot sexier than sleeping, let's just talk about it legit hear somebody losing 100 pounds versus sleeping better, way more appealing to people. So like

[834:51] Speaker 0: you and I don know that sleeping more is actually what's going to help people lose weight most of the time. Going to help them with their mood, it's going to help them focus more, it's going to help them do a lot of great things. Most people are highly resistant to sleep, they're addicted to a lack of sleep. And they're addicted a lot of the things that are stopping them from sleeping. I saw somebody raise their hand and then they lowered their hand. So you're when it comes to if you're dealing with like more like a sexier niche, like weight loss where it's like, okay, like, of course, everybody wants to has a few pounds to lose, I got a few pounds to lose you like it's like, if somebody can fog up a mirror, like they got a few pounds to lose. But it's the same thing with sleep. You know, not a lot of people are sleeping, but they don't want to change. Most people don't want to change. Most people don't want to admit that they're the problem. So if you're if you're utilizing a niche, you have to make it super enticing and appealing. No matter what your niche is you have to frame it in a way that does two things, it is extremely enticing to the right person. And it's extremely off putting to the one who is probably not going to take action with it. Because your job as a sleep coach is not to convince somebody that they need to change their behavior. And I think if you've been doing this long enough, you know that

[866:22] Speaker 0: when you're running ads, your job is not to convince people to change their behavior

[869:38] Speaker 0: Okay, so like that was the only question in there. So Don said there's a few good questions in the chat. There was just your question Don, that's next time be more direct in telling me it was your question. Say that it was a few other phones that's one thing I don't tolerate is passive aggressive manipulation and people who talk in a certain way in like a roundabout way and they're not direct with things. And because they're like they're trying to like you know, not say something to to directly. As far as that goes. Jason says Facebook ad to lead magnet or add to sale. So Jason, so here's the thing, in my experience, and I've not been able to get this to change, whenever you run an ad straight to a sale, what does that look like you're running an ad straight to something to buy nine times out of 10, you're going to spend more than the actual ticket price to close that sale. Okay. So if you run an ad do $1,000 product, you're going to spend between two and 10,000, just to get one sale at 1000 bucks. So if you're sending an ad to somebody that's for sale, you're going to lose usually five to 20 times what your ad spend is going straight to the sale. Okay, well, the here's the thing. So you can make this work for you, if you have something that you can sell on the back end of that, that is more expensive. So let's say you're selling a membership for $8, it might cost you 40 bucks to get one person to sign up for that. You might not make them that back for six months. But if you have a 20, a $50, or $100, or $1,000 program on the back end of that your profit can come out of that, okay, what I like to do is a combination of where we run a lead magnet. So a lead magnet is something that's free as far as that goes. Or a low ticket. Offer, okay, so a low ticket offer is something that costs under $500. Okay, so what I recommend is this, you're either gonna, you're gonna either run ads to something that's free, or under $500. It's below $500. Okay. And the price point that I like to use is between $7 $17 $27 is a really great price point.

[915:35] Speaker 0: Seven to $27. And check this out, you're gonna lose money on that.

[918:11] Speaker 0: Whenever I sell something for like 720 $7, even like an upsell like this, where we got a free lead magnet, basically, like this is a lead magnet right here. But I'm teaching you incredibly powerful information that's going to make you money. And if you can't see that what I've taught so far for the last hour is going to make you money. I don't think there's anything I could ever teach you, that's going to help you just just being straight up with you. 100% Okay, because I don't think I don't think we're on the same wavelength at the same time. Um, so you're gonna lose money on a $500 product, you might lose between 500 to $5,000 running ads per sale to this, okay? Whenever I run a thing like this, I lose about 60% of my ad spend initially, but we are able to make it back on the back end of that with the different coaching consulting mentoring that we do with people. Okay, so one of the biggest things, how many y'all like fantasy, fantasy novels, video games. We're talking about fantasy novels here because I noticed that my audience doesn't really play video games, but they do understand the idea of a good novel as far as this goes. So like, for instance, these are fantasy Video Game Guides right here for Skyrim and The Legend of Zelda. Like, y'all enjoy Game of Thrones Chronicles of Narnia a quarter of Thorns and Roses. These are like 10 times cooler than that to me, because they're an immersive world that you can actually go into and actually take part of the fantasy. Okay. I got the Legend of Zelda right here. I grew up playing these video games. I got a bunch of Zelda stuff here. But a lot of people because my audience is over the age of 40 never played video games. So whenever I talk about video games there, they lose respect for me, they see it as a sign of lack of self discipline. Can I tell you this? The reason why I'm so effective at what I do is because I play video games, and I will I will go to the grave saying that. There's a reason why I'm teaching my one year old son out to play video games already at one. I'm also reading books, but I'm teaching him that because that's the world that he's going to be living in. But fantasy right

[960:16] Speaker 0: Game of Thrones. I'm reading this one right now this one's a little bit more Christian. Right here. All right. How many y'all love fantasy? How many y'all think it's a big fat waste of time?

[966:08] Speaker 0: How many y'all have no respect for people that like fantasy, I get it, it's okay, you can admit it here, I won't be offended

[969:22] Speaker 0: most of the people that I meet on these trainings are addicted to fantasy.

[972:59] Speaker 0: And by the way, fantasy can look way different than your thinking it could look like the fantasy of you're going to say the right thing to somebody, and they're going to get married happily ever after at your church, and you set up a date with somebody, and now you're maneuvering people around inside of your church and trying to be a matchmaker. That can be what your version of fantasy looks like. It's how you social engineer relationships inside of your life. You start to understand, okay, and if you're not doing that, I will tell you where most of you have a fantasy is that you're gonna be able to spend $1,000 on Facebook ads and send it to something that you have for sale, and you're gonna go out there and you're gonna make $100,000 in sales and live happily ever after, like a Disney fairy tale. Can I tell you this, that Mickey Mouse is going to pop on the screen here? And he's going to start teaching the rest of today's training?

[992:34] Speaker 0: No, you don't believe me? You believe that? Why wouldn't you believe that Mickey Mouse is going to pop on the screen?

[998:16] Speaker 0: Hey, guys, how are you? What's going on? That's five words to Mickey Mouse impression as far as that goes, all right. Because to be quite honest with you, that is the level of fantasy that most people that I meet in this space that want to learn Facebook ads are experiencing and even demanding from me is to show them how to make that happen, how to turn 1000 bucks into $100,000 and do alchemy. My best result that I've ever done with Facebook ads was turning 10,000 to 360,000 a 36 times return. So this is 100x right here. That's a fantasy. Let's make it more realistic and reasonable. Okay. Most of you, when you run your Facebook ads are not even going to break even. And make back your money right away. You do like you can do? Okay, I'm getting passionate on this. Because this is the part people are like, well, if I just knew what you know, then I wouldn't know Well, no. I can I can if I literally could take my brain, give it to you in your business. And I ran ads for you. And by the way, this is why I don't run ads for people because most people cannot even understand this concept. And they have an unreasonable expectation about what I'm able to actually do for them. Even if I ran all of your ads and did all of your marketing for you and your business, you will probably lose money initially in the testing phase, okay. Does that make sense to you?

[1030:14] Speaker 0: I don't know what language to say it in. Because I have clients all the time. They're like Jeremiah, you just need to show me how to do it the right way. And then I show them and they're like, but you told me it

[1033:44] Speaker 1: would work and it didn't work and I lost $700 I also told you that no you didn't. Okay.

[1037:29] Speaker 0: i i literally every single time that I teach about Facebook ads, say this and then people come back to me and tell me Jeremiah You never told me A way that I could possibly lose money with ads and that it was going to happen. And you guaranteed that I was going to get rich overnight. And I'm like, Listen, no, I didn't, because that would be illegal. That would put me in prison. The FTC would come after me. If I promised that to you. Does that make sense to you? Okay. Who's living in a fantasy still. You have to break up with fantasy thinking. When it comes to your business, and start to get reasonable, realistic with your expectations. Not be so darn impatient. Not need results so quickly, and learn to do one real powerful thing, control your emotions, control your feelings, that that heartbeat that racing of the heartbeat that we feel, learn to control that to where it does not control us.

[1059:54] Speaker 0: How would it feel if you lost $40,000 of somebody else's money? I'll tell you how it feels. It's terrifying. You don't know how they're going to react, how they're going to respond. By the way, this guy who I had lost him that much. He told me about the lawsuits that he filed for the last ads person that lost him that much money. He sued them for 10 times what they lost. So here I am. Knowing all this. And I had to tell him, Hey, we lost 40,000 of your money on ads. And he says, oh, man, that sucks. Like, by the way, it was my fault. You told me not to spend that much. Don't be so hard on yourself, Jeremiah, you're great. I appreciate it. And I literally had to work with my therapist for like three months through that because it was so terrifying to be able to even tell him that, but I have come out the other side to be able to tell you this, that you need to have that level of being able to control your emotions when it comes to running your ads, whether you're spending 100 bucks $200 If you're putting yourself out there and haters come at you. And people start getting negative on your social media or they try to cancel you or they start saying that your reputation is damaged or you look bad or you look untrustworthy, or God forbid they unsubscribe Can I tell you this 50% of everybody who signs up on my email list, and my clients email lists, unsubscribe within 30 days of their emails. So if it's costing us $10 A lead to get people on our email list. The actual cost is $20 a lead because we automatically know that 50% For one out of every two people that we get on our email list is going to unsubscribe and never want anything to do with us. Usually, because we're sending way too many damn flippin important emails. Not going to stop anytime soon. And I'm going to keep recommending and recommending and recommending that people send more emails to their email list, then they feel comfortable with. You don't have to go to the extreme or even mirror the stuff that I do. But I will tell you this, that if you do model, the stuff that I'm doing, it can work much better for you. But just do what you feel comfortable with and go right up to that edge. Go right up to that edge. And that's where usually your sweet spot is going to be. So it starts with how many emails do you want to send to your list when you get them on a lead magnet that you feel comfortable doing? How often I started off, it used to be three times a week for me. Now I'll do twice a day, three times a day, I don't care. I have hundreds of people unsubscribe, and I'll sleep like a baby, unconcerned about the fact that I just spent money to get those people to sign up with me. Okay? Because my system is set up in a way that's going to make sure that I profit from these moves. Okay. So for most of you, you got to understand this fantasy that you've been operating in before you can even talk about targeting and learn to unlearn it and begin to unravel that part of your brain And then realize that it is a risk that you're going to have to take a risk that if I told you that it wasn't a risk, I would be lying to you. And then what you have to do is you have to start repelling with your ads, they have to effectively repel people that you are not going to get a result for. Or that are going to spend money with you. Okay? How do we know who those people are? And initially, you're not going to that's why you're probably not going to make a profit off of your ads initially, does that make sense? It has more to do with your energy and your personality and how you're showing up than anything else, to be honest. And it's about finding people that are aligned with how you show up, and how you do things. And I'll tell you this, if you're still listening to me flapping my jaws after an hour and 12 minutes, I'd say that there's a good chance that I probably can maybe help you and your business, who knows. But even then, this is just a this is just a video on that you found on social media that I sent you in an email that you saw it in an ad somewhere with some weird looking 30 something year old with a backwards baseball cap and a Kansas City Chiefs jersey on or whatever I was wearing at the time, claiming to be able to show you how to use Facebook ads, that's all this is. Don't take it so seriously. And don't take your business so seriously. Don't take life. So seriously, relax a little bit, calm down. And have fun. Because that's actually what's going to make you the most amount of money with your Facebook ads. You want to know why I have so much entertainment around me in my life right now. When I build my business, because I grew up on this type of stuff, entertainment and and it's what actually helps me tap into the best level of me operating with childlike wonder and play. Now when I play with my son, that's the second best, that's the best thing that I can do, actually. But I just play with my son, we play in the sandbox, we play in our truck, I hang out with him and I get to turn off the screens, I get to turn off the video games, and I just get to hang out with my son. And I only work 10 to 15 hours a week because I'm spending most of my day hanging out with my son. Why is that? Because I get to show up way better in my business when I do that. And the money that it makes my clients is exceptionally better as far as that goes. And so when you can learn to figure out how to structure your life where you get to show up whenever you want, wherever you want with whomever you want, regardless of who is going to cancel you who disagrees with you who doesn't like what you have to say. And you get to show up on your terms, not the terms of the people that you're talking to. Because you're deeply unconcerned with whether they're going to accept or reject you dislike you be disappointed in you or not. Now you can run Facebook ads and be effective. And you can do that without having a million dollars in the bank account. It's about a state of mind. It's about a mindset. How many of y'all have ever gone on vacation before? Maybe you've been on a cruise ship or you've been to Hawaii or you've been to Florida? Or the tip of Texas? Or maybe you went to a ski resort or up in Alaska somewhere? Whatever your version of vacationing is, maybe it's just laying on the couch with your cat watching Netflix. Did you ever notice how happy you feel? Did you ever noticed how fun it is? How and then when you're having fun, you start to have ideas for your business. As you start to get ideas for things you want to do, or maybe your to do list comes to mind. How many of y'all when you're cleaning up your house, maybe you're organizing maybe you're washing dishes, you start to get ideas for your for your, your your outline or things like that. Or maybe you get ideas for Facebook ads like I do. I get some of my best Facebook ads ideas when I'm washing baby bottles usually at 10 o'clock at night after my sun goes down and I'll usually play a video game for about 30 minutes. And then I'll go watch some baby bottles, and then I'll go hop into my hot tub. And then what I might do is I might watch a TV show or watch a recording of a sporting event. And then I might record a podcast or a class or something like that. And that's what my work day looks like. And that's what I learned from my mom. And that's what I learned from the wealthiest business owners that I know to stop taking life and business so seriously. And they taught me this, because they had me running their Facebook ads for them. These were great leaders, by the way, because they knew that for me to run the best Facebook ads I possibly could. I had to be in a state of mind of fun and playfulness that was simultaneously attached to wisdom and logic. At the same time. When I go into the Facebook Ads Manager, my wife tells me that she doesn't want to talk to me when I'm done.

[1220:28] Speaker 0: Why is that? She's like, you're kind of being a jerk. Are you running Facebook ads? It's literally in our house. I'm like, Oh, oops, sorry. Yes. So you Okay, great. Go play a video game for 30 minutes. And now we have it in our as a cycle. When I run Facebook ads, I usually play a video game before I run them. And then I play it after my mom actually did the same thing. She would watch Lord of the Rings, go run her Facebook ads, and then watch it after because it detaches you from the logic brain and then gets you back into the real world and helps you transition into things. reading a chapter of a fantasy novel is another great way to do that. One of the things that I love to do is I love reading a chapter of like this book right here. He'll do that because it helps me get ideas for how to target, how to run my ads, how to do my budget, how to structure everything, how to put all these things together by getting into this fun, playful, mindset. And suddenly all like what does any of this have to do with Facebook ads, it has everything to do with it. Because if you're unwilling to do what I've just said, you will probably almost guaranteed lose a ton of money when you're running ads. If you're a coach or a mentor, and you've been trying to grow your business organically, even actually, this video, if I have an organic marketing strategy, this would be it would be to just play more often and then record yourself having fun, and then go post it publicly. But that violates everything that we've been taught in our life about what grown adults do. Unless you're my age, I'm a millennial. And this is what a lot of people believe is the scourge of our planet. Is that millennials have been taught this and can I tell you this, I actually think it might have caused a lot of the issues that we're dealing with right now. But there's a light at the end of the tunnel is that there are some Millennials like myself that have said, how can I use how I was raised as an advantage? Not a disadvantage. And then how can I teach the next generation below me and those that are above me that are older than me to be able to do these things. And it's funny, my mom and I we sit down for coffee, my mom loves to have coffee, whether it be virtually with my brothers that are out of state or with me we meet up for coffee, and we just talk about fun things like video games and technology and, and music and movies and all of this widens my mom, a multimillionaire business owner want to do that. Because it helps her tap into getting ideas for how to market and reach people with her message. You all are taking this stuff way too stinking seriously. The very best way for you to show up with confidence in your Facebook ads for you to know what to say in the ads, how to say it and how to target people the right way is to start to have more fun more often, and then you start doing that and having fun and playing with something that I believe terrifies people today and that's artificial intelligence. Ai. Most people struggle with using AI because they're taking it way too seriously. And they're trusting the AI to do all the work for them. I'll tell you it doesn't do that. You have to learn how to do what I call structured and organized clay, with the artificial intelligence. And there's actually a book all about structured and organized play that I would recommend that y'all pick up

[1283:56] Speaker 1: called Play.

[1285:03] Speaker 0: How it shapes the brain opens the imagination and invigorates the soul. I have read this book multiple times. And it's the foundation of what I teach people when it comes to creating their online courses, their memberships, when it comes to running Facebook ads, and it was by Stuart Brown, an MD founder of The Nation National Institute for play. Finally, a good excuse to goof off a compelling case for the importance of success and creativity, and it talks about how the trivial time wasting things that we have been taught and wired to not do because it makes us a good employee, it makes us easily controlled, are actually what will help you show up at the very best level and your memberships and your business and your coaching. And when you're running Facebook ads now we take that a step further. Ai. Okay, so chat GPT how many y'all got a chat GPT account? Okay. You do not want to use the free chat GPT 3.5, you got to use GPT four. Or you can use the paid version of cloud Opus right here. Or you can use Gemini from Google. Okay, Google Gemini is right here. Or you can use polka.com poll.com gives you access to GPT four, cloud three, Opus, dally three, and Gemini Pro as well. Okay, for one low payment of 20 bucks a month. For most people poll.com has the best value and gives you all of these algorithms. What's an algorithm an algorithm is a process or set of rules followed by calculations for solving problems? What is a social media algorithm? A social media algorithm is a set of rules and signals that rank content on a social media platform. What are what is the Facebook ads algorithm? The algorithms primary goal is to match ads with relevant users who are likely to engage with content and take a desired action, such as clicking, liking, making a purchase driven by factors. What are Facebook ads conversion goals? Basically, there are three types of Facebook ad conversion objectives. And by the way, I'm just using Google to show you this because it's really quick and easy. Basically, when you run ads, you're able to tell Facebook, what your goal is. Do you want people to sign up for a lead? Do you want traffic? Do you want sales? Okay. Let's let's let's try this. Let's go to perplexity.ai. By the way, perplexity, AI is one of the best for research and learning things as far as this goes. A Facebook ads conversion is the type of Facebook ad that uses a website conversion. Let's see how does a conversion goal work for lead generation for coaches and mentors? conversion goals are important as to encourage the potential client to take a specific action. What about as it relates to Facebook ads, okay. Based on that result, conversion goal is a key part of effective lead generation with Facebook ads to get them whether it be to download a lead magnet, sign up book a call. Once the goal is defined, you can set up a tracking pixel or analytics to do this. So they have what's called the Facebook conversion API, which is pretty difficult to set up on your own. We use a tool called zapier.com, which connects with most websites and it automates a lot of this connection with the with the ads manager. So this sets up the conversion API using Zapier right here to connect your website with the ads manager so that it starts tracking when people come in and the pricing is actually very affordable on Zapier. You can actually use the free level for some of the basic level stuff. Most people can get away with the $20 a month level of Zapier so what it is it's basically these tasks that it does, where you say okay, I have a website here, like Jeremiah krakowski.com. Okay? And so that when somebody goes here and they sign up and they put in their name and email address, two things happen. That email address gets sent to my account over@mailchimp.com over here. Okay, this is my email marketing software, but it also gets tracked inside of Zapier and then Zapier, and this happens all behind the scenes. And it's literally just like two clicks, you go and set it up, it's really simple. Zapier then sends it back to Facebook, which then goes into the ads manager, and tells the ads manager, that the person who clicked from my ad

[1374:55] Speaker 0: signed up, okay. So like, let's go here, let's click on an ad right here.

[1378:39] Speaker 0: Here's an ad that's running. Let's go back further, as far as this goes couple a couple of months. 10,000 leads at 72 cents a lead, we got 13,000 leads for a total of $14,000 spent. So somebody clicked on one of these ads. They clicked on the ad, they clicked over to the website here. And they signed up for this event by clicking on this button, and giving their name and email address. And then well they have it redirecting to this Facebook group here. So they have 20,000 people in this Facebook group, this Facebook group didn't have anybody in it beforehand, before we started marketing that campaign, 20,000 people off of those ads. And so then that tracks back to the ads manager. And then what the algorithm does is it starts to find people that are more likely to actually sign up. Okay, so then this is what's called a look alike. audience. So what we're trying to do is we're trying to find people that are similar to those who already signed up for our offer. Initially, you might not have that data, if you already have an email list, or engagement on your social media organically, you can load that right up into it. And then use that as your targeting data to create an audience to send your ad to. Okay, so what we do is we create look alike audiences as quickly as possible. And then we just run video ads or simple texts or graphic ads that we might create in an app called canva.com. So canva.com is right here. It's a graphics design app that's very simple, very easy to use. We use it for all of our marketing all of our graphics, you can literally go right here, type in Facebook ads, and then it will give you templates that you can put photos and graphics in here. And even the free account of Canva lets you do this, I have the Canva Pro that gives me a whole bunch of stock photos and stuff like this, but you get all these templates right here for Facebook ads. Okay. So you can take any of these templates, fill in what it is that you're offering. And what I do really is I just create a Facebook ad. And then I this is the like one that we made in Canva. Right here, I put it at the top of a landing page right here, where people sign up, I create a very simple video, I don't have my phone or with me right here, I create a simple video on my cell phone. Just generally have you ever notice I'm usually hanging out or playing or something. Because before some of y'all don't know before, beforehand, before I recorded those ads, I was probably playing a video game, or watching a movie or hanging out with my son. When I was working with one of my clients, his name was Rick Pino. He kept sending me ads where he looked really, really angry. And by the way, this business was very successful. Did over a million dollars a month with Facebook advertising to a membership, that's 97 bucks a month, 14 day free trial, all of that, okay. I told him this he kept sending me this is record or keep sending these ads or he was so angry. And then I'm like, dude, like, you look like you're gonna rip somebody's head off in this ad. I was like, Yeah, I know. I was stressed out. I had to get the ads to you. I was like, here's the thing, Rick, try this out. Go play with your kids, play the piano, sing some music. Go play a video game and then record the ad for Jimmy, and his ads started converting better. Because the energy that he was showing up with in the ad was so much more playful, was so much more exciting, was so much more fun and enthusiastic. Some of y'all don't know what I do to prepare for a training late December, I mentioned that I am nervous when it comes to public speaking. I play video games, I play my piano, I went my hot tub, I just got out of my hot tub. 30 minutes before I was in this, I went for a walk around my neighborhood, I hung out with my son, I had a good breakfast, lunch, brunch type meal. For about two hours before I hopped on camera here, I just did all the fun stuff that I like to do. I was watching a movie on my phone, I downloaded a soccer video game. I started playing with it. I just had fun. Like I was a little kid, like how my son hangs out why? Because that's what allows me to show up how I show up today on camera. And I learned that from my mom. Pick because she taught me how to show up by having fun by not taking things so seriously, by just being relaxed and enthusiastic, by not worrying what people think about us and literally just treating it like I'm just hanging out with a bunch of friends. You know, we have a lot of people at the beginning of this webinar, and a lot of them are not here today. And quite frankly, they're not going to watch the recording ever, because they lost all respect for me. But those of you that are here today, thank you for being here. And I hope I taught you a few things about Facebook ads, I hope I taught you a few things about that, you know, you can go to YouTube right now, simply and look up a tutorial how to set up your first Facebook ad. If I just typed this into YouTube right now, the amount of YouTubers and let's let's do a filter in the last month. These are a like these YouTubers and last month actually, let's do the last year that's probably gonna be better. Because the ads manager hasn't changed much in the last year. Here we go. How to launch your first campaign right on YouTube? How many y'all use YouTube tutorials? If you don't you need to start. Because the amount of content for free on YouTube is honestly better than half the courses that I could make myself. There are certain pieces of content that I don't even necessarily make in courses anymore. Because YouTube does a better job of teaching it than I do. You know? How do you record a Facebook ad with your phone? There you go. But you add formula? How do you make a graphic in Canva? There you go. Perfect. How do you use AI to make Facebook ads? There you go using AI to make winning Facebook ads. So you see what I'm saying? How do I set up a look alike audience in the ads manager. here's the here's the interesting part. And I'm gonna close with this. I tell people all the time go check out youtube and they are either scared of they're not sure if the content is somebody that they'll trust or they're nervous or they're just too lazy to go to youtube even search for it. And they would rather make excuses for why they're not successful when there's such an amount of incredible resources that are out there. And my YouTube channel is actually one of those for you. I have over 2.4 1000 videos on my YouTube channel. I have podcast episodes, I have trainings. And so what you could literally look up is you can look up, ads manager, Jeremiah Krakowski just add my name at the end of what you're searching on YouTube. And you'll find the videos that I've done all about these things. Because I have a ton of free videos on YouTube. You wouldn't even have to join a coaching program with me to find a lot of this stuff. Canva Jeremiah Krakowski. You're using AI to create podcasts episode titles and descriptions. Setting up your Social Media Pro I probably should teach Canva a little bit I'm not an expert at it. My wife is much better at Canva using Canva to make ad to make Facebook ads. So you see how YouTube is such an incredible resource for you to be able to do and learn a lot of these amazing things. Ames

[1521:59] Speaker 0: Some of y'all are like, let me see the chat here. I've had that, by the way, I've had the chat closed, because helps me focus and not look at the chat as far as I go, what's the name of the program and includes chatty, which Oh, ho.com? Yes, you have a course that you're formulating and you're hitting up on a concept that I see. That is one, one must play game CI board games, or reading books, or just having fun with your friends. I know some people, they don't play video games, they don't read books, they don't watch TV, they don't do anything like that. But they hang out with their friends a lot. And that's what lights them on fire. And so I tell them, go hang out with your friends, or your clients and then record your Facebook ads. One of my best ways to record Facebook ads is after I get off of a VIP like we're about to go into right now. And I get to answer your questions that people and I get to do that type of stuff. As far as this goes. One last thing, we're gonna go into our VIP here, right now. But before you leave, I just want to tell you, by the way, you notice I literally did not pitch you or sell you on anything. I even barely mentioned the VIP at all. Okay. And I'm not going to pitch you on anything because this is totally free. But next week, I'm hosting this event, it's totally free. It's going to be again, three days of immersive pure implementation. And if you spent the three days with me last month, this is completely different than what we went over. It has a slightly similar name. But it's going to be totally different content. Because I looked at that and I'm, I'm scrapping almost everything that I taught in that one. It was still good content, it'll work. But I'm going to be teaching much better stuff on this one. And so April 10, through the 12th. This is next week, my wife's birthday is on the ninth, we got this crazy Eclipse thing and it's literally coming to Austin on the eighth. So I'm not doing it those two days. Three days, April 10, through the 12, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at 2pm, Eastern 1pm Central 11am Pacific Time. And I'm going to work with you through getting all your marketing and sales process done and build your landing pages, your sales, copy your ads, so you can start to get results with your memberships, your coaching business, your courses. You don't need to be famous, you don't have a famous Mom, I'm going to walk you through all the chat GBT stuff that we're doing, how you're able to use chat GPT to brainstorm and to not necessarily make your content but to use it as an assistant to help you to help you grow your email list to help you create an irresistible offer that has clients that are going to beg to join your membership site, how to effectively lure people in to become your client, an easy to follow up process for launching your offer so that it sounds like you how to do so on this five to 10, maybe 15 hours a week. The AI does help a lot with that because a lot of the time spent, you can say with AI if you know the right framework, and then what we're doing and what not to do. So that even if you use AI, it's still 100% original to you, you know they're making people flag now if stuff is AI generated content, none of what we talked about here today was aI generated. But I used AI to help me brainstorm how to teach today over the last six months. Okay, so again, you can read about this on here three days, we're going to show you how to position your offer, how to simplify it, what tech to automate it, and then how to get people to pay for your membership so that you don't feel overwhelmed and so that you have laser sharp clarity and a roadmap to be able to market your business and so it's totally free. Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash offer right here, okay to register for it on there is also a VIP upgrade. Not going to talk too much about it. But I am going to say that you can save a little bit of money on it the it's $17 and the VIP 17 bucks until April 8 which is on Monday. So the event starts the 10th price will be going up after Monday right here. And that gives you three days of the recordings. You get three days of a backstage pass with me q&a, you also get four bonus trainings chat GBT prompts getting unstuck, fun and freedom new stress free approach to business training VIP mindset training for 17 bucks right there. Okay, we gotta go hop on over to our VIP now. I went 10 minutes over. Apologies for everybody I know. I'm sure being on time is a big important value to most of you. That I will see those y'all that are in the VIP over there. And yes, we'll talk soon. There's the link to get the VIP it's in the chat. If you don't, you're not in it already. We will also send it to you and emails and stuff like that. It's also if you're watching this stream, it's in the description. So if you're watching the recording of this, the VIP will give you the recording of the VIP session as well. So if you're one of the couple 100 people that end up watching the recording over the next couple of days or the next couple of days consenting to that. It's only going to be available until probably Monday morning is when I log in and delete it off the internet. Sometimes I forget to and then it ends up staying up till Tuesday. I'm just being honest with you. Some of y'all might have it like you said it was midnight but I try to remove it at midnight but generally Monday morning and so the recording of this for free will only be available until Monday morning as far as that goes. You can get lifetime access to the recording by grabbing that VIP upgrade and that will also give you the recording to our VIP that we're about to go hop into. Okay, see all over there. Just a sec.

