Ai Ebook - Lesson 2
Date: 2024-11-02T20:05:37.000Z
Duration: 17 min
Otter ID: fHs4ijlt5GPk-1Vn8Z-h9STsbkk
---

[0:08] Speaker 0: Alright, so I'm going to show you what I would do. Is my first step to actually creating the outline using AI of an ebook. And I want to do a couple of things. Number one, I think you got to get comfortable with brainstorming with AI. AI is such a powerful tool that we can use, and it's worth using to brainstorm through some stuff. Now I'm going to be sharing with you easy ways that you can use AI, and I'm also going to be showing you some more advanced ways to do it that can really help unpack a high quality ebook. We we did this for the couple of the ebooks that we had created already, and it works really well. And one of the first things to do that, I would recommend is this always start with some sort of video, some sort of video content, some kind of a video recording of some kind, something that you have on video that you can use as a foundation for the eBook, a transcript of some kind. Now, one of the best ways to get transcripts overall is going to be with YouTube is the is the cheapest and easiest way to do it over on YouTube. Otherwise, I use a tool as well called otter AI. So I'm just going to give you an example right here of how I would do this with YouTube. If I go right here ads, okay, and I'm going to click on couple of different videos that I did all about not losing money with your ads. Okay? How to make ads that really work, paid advertising versus organic. How we're using AI to write all of our Facebook ads. How to get $1 leads across all real reason people are losing money with ads.

[28:20] Speaker 0: All right, yeah, that's really good, right there. Okay, so what I can do now is I can take these videos,

[30:36] Speaker 0: and I can take the transcripts of them, and I can use those transcripts to be able to actually build out the outline of my eBook. Okay, now to make an outline of an ebook using transcripts like this. Transcripts like this can become really long, and this is what I would recommend, again, is take some kind of video content that you have, some kind of video training. We're not turning the whole video training into the ebook, but we're going to use it as the foundation for the tone of voice. We're going to use it as the foundation for what is actually talked about in the eBook, and put all of that together. So again, if you use YouTube. The way that you find the transcript is you can go to a video, and these are, like, over a year ago that I created these videos, but they're still they have the content that I would use for an ebook like this. Okay, so what I would do is, I'm going to take these videos and you can scroll down to under the description of the video, you can see show transcript. Okay, now I don't want these little time markers on there with the like the like the time in the video, so I'm going to click on these three dots right here and click toggle time stamps, and it turns those off. Now, and you want to do this on a desktop. This is really difficult to do on a mobile device. If I just hold click down and scroll, I can select the whole thing and then press Ctrl C on my keyboard, or Command C on a Mac to copy the whole transcript. Another easy way to do it is if you go on Google, copy transcript from YouTube, and you'll notice there's different tools that are out there. Let me see, copy transcript from YouTube, free YouTube transcript generator, okay? And what it is, it's not really generating you a transcript. What they're doing is, is, if you take the youtube video and you paste the URL in here, get video transcript, and then I scroll down, what ends up happening is, it's able to copy the whole transcript right here. Okay, so then if I press copy, that's going to copy that whole transcript for me that I can now use, and I can paste that into another section. Now, here's the problem, that one kept all the time stamps. I want to find one that does not have time stamps. Okay, so let me go find another one here. YouTube transcript generator again, we're gonna copy this video URL right here.

[80:07] Speaker 0: This one's generating a summary. So that's not necessarily what I want to do. What I can do is this, look, here's the whole transcript right there. I can press copy, can press copy, and now I have the whole transcript right here that I was able to copy from that video. Okay, and so there's the transcript right there from that video. And what I would do is I would take maybe a couple of videos, and I would combine all of those together. Now here's where the base model of chat GPT, again, you'll probably need to pay for the paid version of chat GPT. To be able to do this, you can use a tool like abacus. It doesn't always support the length of multiple video transcripts. So again, if I copy a number of these different transcripts right here, I copy them. I'm copying them right into a text document. Is what I do. I'm just taking this the text document. I paste it in,

[98:12] Speaker 0: okay, show transcript, toggle timestamp, turn off, and yes, is this kind of annoying and boring and something like, by the way, don't worry about, like, missing certain words or anything like that. So I'm just copying this all into

[105:05] Speaker 0: a document here, because what this is going to do, and I'm going to show you the beauty of this. I'm going to copy all of this, and then I'm going to go into chat GPT, and I'm going to say this, watch,

[109:15] Speaker 0: let's say I want to create an ebook about Facebook advertising using AI, generate me an outline for the ebook Using the following text transcripts, the following text transcripts and are not in the order of the book. I want you to generate for me an ebook outline, okay, and I'm going to paste the transcripts below that, and

[122:12] Speaker 0: let's see what it can generate. Here we go. Perfect. Alright. Introduction, why Facebook, advertising? The role of AI in advertising, getting started, understanding the platform, setting budget, managing risk, creating a winning offer, messaging and copywriting, building your sales funnel, advanced audience targeting with AI, scaling up. Okay? Now what I'm going to say is, I want to do this. Can you make the contents of the ebook only be related to what is talked about in these videos? Okay, I'm gonna paste the transcript again and I'm gonna see what it gives. Okay, maximizing profitability of paid ads, understanding paid ads the reality of risk, identifying this is much better, identifying your target market, building a strong foundation for your offer, crafting ad copy that sells. The power of funnels, testing advanced AI, mastering paid ads for long term success. Okay, so this is an outline now right here for this. Now, again, remember, we copied those transcripts. You want to have this right here. What we're going to do is we're going to start to use the AI to write the ebook based on this now, again, using the paid version of chat GPT. And they have different versions of the AI, different versions of chat. GBT, right now, there's one called oh one preview. If you're watching this six months from now, it might be called oh one. It might be called oh two, but this is how I'm using this right here. So we have four Oh which is a little bit faster. I'm going to go over here to oh one preview, which has advanced reasoning. And I want to say now act, act as an expert in lead magnets for ebooks and improve the outline above for the best ebook that will encourage people to join my Coaching program on the back end of it, okay, and so now, oh, one preview is going to give me, well, look at this. It's actually, it's actually going to be giving me two responses here, which is interesting. So it's actually generating two responses. Sometimes it does this, and you can. Which one you prefer. So I get to see two responses at once, and then see which one is better. And this is exactly how I would go ahead and create an ebook outline of some kind. I would take lessons from courses that we have. I would have the AI generate us an outline, and then from there, we have the AI start to work through and generate us the chapters, as I'll show you, how we generate the chapters, and then how we edit it and put it all together here in the next lesson. But having your outline really is that kind of first stage of doing this. And you notice, because I already had these videos, again, I don't remember exactly what I taught in these videos, but that outline that it generated, the outline that it generated for me, was exactly the type of outline that I would want for the ebook that I would like for it to Create for me. Okay, see, this is taken forever here. Let's try it one more time, taking way too long, so I'm just going to have it do it once. Okay? Refining context, refining outline, enhancing the ebook, maximizing profitability and Facebook ads for coaches and course creators, crafting ebook ad strategies, mapping out AI ad strategies, constructing the framework, piecing it together. Okay, and so what we're doing here is we're taking these AI tools and we're allowing them to really dial in what this outline is going to look like here. Now you need to ultimately be the final judge as to is this going to be the outline that fits what you actually want for your ebook. But the beauty is, is that by using AI, we can really save ourselves a lot of time from having to write all of this ourselves, unlocking a high ROI advertising, a coach's guide to probable ads with AI. That's actually really good, really great title, the new paradigm of coaching success or paid ads, address the frustrations that they have they feel when their advertising efforts don't yield results, introduce a proven process. Now, again, it looks like the AI is freezing a little bit here on us, which is very interesting. Sometimes that can happen and listen, that can be frustrating, especially when you were using a large transcript like this and things like that. When an AI freezes, if this, you know, screen stays like this for too long, what I might do is I might press refresh and see if the whole thing is there, because sometimes it did generate a whole thing, and it does not look like it did. So we're gonna try it one more time to push this through. By the way, I did hear that this, oh, one preview version they're they're updating it as of, like, 12 hours ago, that they're doing some brand new things on it. So that can be why we're running into some of these snags with what it's creating for us here. But overall, this is the process that we want to use when we are creating an outline for our ebooks, and again, I like this initial outline that it gives us here. I like where this is coming from. I like the perspective that it's taking, but I want to see what this can generate right here. Okay, the hidden path to scaling your business, address the frustration proven strategy. Share a brief story about how you've helped coaches generate this online. All right, the real reason most coaches lose money on ads, break down the misconceptions, defining your niche, crafting an irresistible offer, writing compelling copy, building a simple yet effective sales funnel, leveraging AI to optimize your campaigns, testing and analyzing, overcoming mindset blocks and then next steps, which is to join our coaching program. So that's awesome. I love that. I think that's a great outline. So what we're going to do now is, in the next lesson, I'm going to break down how we actually turn this into chapters, and I'm just going to give you a brief picture of what this looks like. Is, if I take this, I'm going to go like this, I'm going to say, I'm going to go back to chat GPT four, oh, and I'm going to say, generate me a chapter based on the following. Use the info from the transcripts below to write the. Chapter. So I'm going to write it up chapter info, I'm going to paste that from what it generated for me. Okay, so I paste that introduction, and then I'm going to put transcripts, and then I'm going to go back and I'm going to copy those transcripts back into here, and now it's going to start to generate us an opening for the ebook itself. If you're reading this, you probably already experimented with Facebook ads hoping to get more clients. Let's be real. One of the biggest things that they fear is pouring money into ADS and seeing it disappear. Why start a business just to lose money? Right? I've heard the same frustration. Help me stop bleeding. Okay? So I would obviously remove certain sections here, like authority, promise all that, but I would, I would put this my journey with ads, and look, it's literally taking my story from those transcripts and writing it out as one of the first adopters by 2009 out generating 70, $50,000 in revenue for myself. Here's what you'll gain from this chapter and beyond, a step by step road map to help you attract high paying clients without wasting time and money. Right? Understanding, the real risks of Facebook ads turning them profitable, alright? So that's how we start to write our ebook based off of these transcripts. Now, buy this alone. This is not how we want to do that, and you're going to have to really iterate through it to write all of the chapters, and then you gotta go back and edit it. So that's what we're going to break down in the next lesson is how we really start to write the chapters and how we make them come together really well. And I think, I think chat GPT, plus the paid version of it, you do need to use the paid version, because it's going to provide you with a with the right tools that you need to be able to write an ebook properly. Otherwise, the free version just doesn't have enough context, length and things like that. But if you're using the paid version, you're you're going to get to the place where you're able to bring all of this together and create that ebook very easily. And so I'll see you in the next lesson as I break down, putting some of these chapters together in detail, we'll talk soon. Bye.

