CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-07-15T21:31:06.000Z
Duration: 110 min
Otter ID: 8zTtd5y0eL6b2Lb-01xiW4jsYds
---

[0:29] Speaker 0: All right. Let's go live stream custom stream going to our group here with the training

[7:38] Speaker 1: is now

[11:24] Speaker 0: invite link

[13:25] Speaker 0: Great. Perfect. That's going live right there in the group Wait for few people to come on. Hello, hello, hello. Welcome into our live training here today with the accelerator group Welcome on in today for live training, what I want to talk about is the very best way to market your business to reach people to find the people that are meant to work with you using social media right now. And the difference is with what's changed. In the last six months, we've been talking about, you know, six months ago, I talked about a lot of different things about what is what has happened. And so we're going to be going over that. As far as that goes here today, there's a few things I want to cover. Before we go into this one of those things is that you know, make sure that you are logging into the members area to access any sort of recorded trainings, any of the courses that we have, we have been updating the Start Here Course right here. Total online six figure roadmap, we just put lesson eight in there, optimizing your funnel results. And this is really about the follow up strategy that you use to reach people. I talked about building your funnel landing page right here. And so we're going into that aspect. And then this next week, we're gonna be talking about an overview of the Facebook ads portion of this. And so in there, that's exactly what we're going to be, that's what we're doing. So you're gonna find that over in the members area are going to members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Again, if you can't find that, you can always go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. Right here, click login. And you'll find that right there to log in and access all those as far as that goes. Okay, we're going to be starting we just finished are creating a world class digital course step by step course, it's over in the learning library right here. So we just completed that creating a world class digital course, how to launch it, all the aspects of creating a course are found right there, you can find all of our courses in the members area that today is our live training. So I'm going to be delivering and talking about what I believe is the shift that has happened in online marketing over the last six months over the last 12 months as well. You know, artificial intelligence, as amazing as it is for brainstorming has created a bit of a problem, I think for us when it comes to marketing is the fact is, is that now everybody who uses AI, you can pretty much tell they're using AI. And if you're using AI, it's not going to sound the best as far as that goes. So what I recommend for your sales copy now is if you're using artificial intelligence is to use it to brainstorm ideas to come up with but then use your own words to optimize what those things are. And this is not a training on AI here today, what I'm going to be talking about is a big picture down to detail. We're gonna go big picture down a detail of what I believe every single person in this group needs to be doing to find the right people promote their business and close more sales no matter where you are, at what stage of your business you are. Whether you have put it on the backburner or you're coming back in or you're just starting. Okay, we want to do this. And here's the two things that I want you to realize. And these are truths that we need to own and we need to hold on to number one technology changes quickly. And human behavior shifts with technology. Our world changes very quickly, you know, those of you that are here in the United States. We had a horrific event happened last week with our former president who As a presidential candidate that literally you can feel the vibrations of that have shaken our country in a huge way. And that's how fast people's perception even can change. In three days, huge perception has changed, and how people are on are communicating on social media at every single level. And so if that happens at that level, I want you to realize that when you are a coach, here's another thing that is true. You are not the only person out there that helps people do the thing that you do. Okay. Jeremiah, wow, this is really on a negative note, I need you to understand that we need to look at things realistically. Does that make sense? So we need to look at stuff realistically, as to what's actually happening. It's not a negative note, realize that you are the only one unique individual version of yourself that's out there that shows up as you but you are not the only person that is marketing, the type of things that your marketing and market saturation happens. A lot of people blame it on they say there's all these copycats that are out there that are copycatting what they're doing, that's not actually the case, there's not actually copycats generally, that are copying what you're going to be doing. Everybody really is just doing the same thing enough times that then people's responses change. So on social media in the marketplace, when you are a coach, when you are a mentor when you are a trainer, and this is not any different than it was 25 years ago. It's all it's been this case, 25 years ago, it was this way, 20 years ago, it was this way, 10 years ago, it was this way five years ago, it's this way today, and yet it's the number one thing that people can't stand, Why can't things just be consistent? Why can't they just be consistent? Why, you know, why every time I have an idea for my business, and I put it out there does the whole thing change, bless God, can't it just be the same. So we can either complain, or adapt? Does that make sense. You can either complain, nothing's ever going to change, you're going to be constantly playing catch up. Or you can grow and you can adapt. And by growing and adapting, you become willing to do things differently. So we have to start to do things differently. And we have to become aware of the way that the marketplace is shifting I was talking about this six months ago. And from what I can tell, is it's only accelerated faster than it was six months ago, six months ago, you heard me talking about the fact that the algorithms are prioritizing certain content that bounces between what is heightened in terms of dopamine, which is what is exciting, which is what is happy, as well as which what upsets people, the algorithms on social media do this, people are drawn in to instant gratification. In a Gary Vaynerchuk book, day trading attention, he talks about the Tick Tock ification of the internet. And the fact is, is that since tick tock has appeared on the scene, all people's behavior on social media has evolved in the direction of how tick tock is, which is this crazy sort of cracked out version of social media way different than it was even two years ago, to where you have to learn how to engage with people and meet people in the algorithm as an extension of what they are used to, which is this high dopamine instant gratification thing. And here's the thing, people's attention span is really low. So we have two problems here. With all of this, that are very easily addressed by the end of this training here. Today, I'm gonna be showing you why this is very easily addressed and how we're shifting everything that we're doing with our clients. We've tested this with 10s of 1000s of dollars of advertising. It's converting like crazy, and why it's going to work for you as well. Okay, how many all want to know that? I think everybody wants to know that. And so the shift is this. Number one, we have to build trust with people. The problem is building trust with people takes time. Building trust with people doesn't happen instantaneously. And listen, if you have questions, feel free to leave them in the comment thread right now I'm not going to be looking at any questions or taking any right now. We'll be taking questions at a time when I'm done with the training here and then we'll have you raise your hand and you can ask some questions as far as that goes. So no matter who you are, and I don't care if you are famous with a million followers, because I know people to have that. Trust doesn't happen because people follow you. Trust has about a 21 day window If you have not built trust with people to buy your coaching program, or to try it out, within 21 days, the chances of them just coming back because you're awesome, are almost zero. Okay. And so what we have to do is after the 21 day period, we have to rebuild trust from ground zero with that same person. So if somebody comes on your email list, and they haven't bought from you, within 21 days, they're already on to something else, you need to understand how people behave on the internet.

[171:46] Speaker 0: You understand the fact that people research things like crazy, before taking action, how do I know this because you and I do the same thing. So the people who are buying from you behave worse than probably you do, if that makes sense, in this, and yet, we're expecting them somehow to behave differently than we do ourselves. And then complain when they don't. And then we operate out of a place of desperation, feeling desperate for clients chasing people wishing that somebody would recognize our value, wishing that people could see the amazingness that we have. Or maybe you're a step behind that where you don't even believe in yourself. If you don't, I would tell you that that's the first place to start, is to build your own self belief to build your own self esteem, because nobody is going to buy from you or trust anything that you have to sell until you trust you. And you believe in you. Now, being in a container like this in the accelerator group is amazing. Because we all get to work together and get to encourage each other and get to grow together in this way. And I get to provide you with the cutting edge information, as well as transformative information that you can use to apply in your business. So here's the issue, we have to build trust with people. Here's what's happened in the last six months, and it's only gotten worse. On social media platforms, and this is not just social media platforms, because you might say, Well, I just want to build my business off site off of a social media platform, can I help you understand something? It's a human behavior, structure and cycle that has changed in every part of our entire human existence if people are connected to the internet. So So Nobody escapes this, this is the issue that we're dealing with that no market have people escaped this, I talked to millionaires and they are dealing with this themselves reprogrammed from where they were a year and a half ago is their attention span. As at an all time low, and now everybody is getting diagnosed massively with ADHD, adult ADHD. And a lot of it comes from, I believe, not a doctor. But what is happening with algorithms that are being used to reach and market to people. Now we can get upset at this, we can get angry at this fact. Or realize that we need to make a change and how we market because people have been rewired mentally. And so the fact is, is that there might have been a way that we reached people six months ago, a year ago, two years ago, that does not work anymore, because their attention span is so low. I'm talking like a fraction of what it was six to 12 months ago, people's ability to sit and watch a piece of content. To register for a 90 minute webinar, the chances of somebody registering cold with you for a 90 minute webinars six months ago, 12 months ago, very high. Now, you're lucky if you can get people to show up for even a 60 minute training. You're lucky if you can get people to show up even for a 20 minute training. But here's the deal is that if you can learn how to reach the algorithm in the right way at the right time with the right message that is the right length based on people's attention span and you can learn to keep people's engagement. We've been talking about this again, I talked about this six months ago. If you go back through the trainings, if you watch through all of the marketing that we've been teaching over the last six months I've been talking about this but it was optional, then it's not anymore. And that's the shift that's happened. And so what we have to do is we have to adjust us with the market. Maybe there's a strategy that we learned on how to market our business on how to reach clients. Maybe you learned to hear in this program two years ago, a year ago, I was teaching, the strategies have changed. The marketing strategies have changed, how we reach people has changed. So we need to evolve. And let go of the previous ways that we thought that we knew how to do things. You know, when I was coaching one on one clients, I would deal with this, I would run up against this, where they would schedule, they wouldn't schedule coaching calls with me, but one every six months. And I would encourage them to try to schedule calls with me more often, when I would do one on one calls, I really think that at least once a month, if you have a one on one coaching relationship is a good thing to do, because it keeps you up to speed with what's working. But when I would meet with people once every six months, here's what would end up happening, I would give them a strategy on month one, and then they would come back at six months and say, Okay, I'm halfway done building this strategy. And I would say, Okay, well guess what the strategy has changed now. And it became a cycle where every coaching call was then being disappointed

[260:59] Speaker 2: by that out over the whole year,

[261:56] Speaker 0: that everything had changed as far as that goes, okay. And so, yeah, we should get totally disappointed over the fact that everything's changing every six months, that the way that people respond to react changes every six months, or we can shorten our timeline as to how long we take, to get things done, and to reach people. This is why, if you're spending months and months and months to dial in your sales copy to get your funnel built, you got to shorten that. And I think that what I'm about to show you is going to help you with that tremendously. Number one, don't take a lot of time, putting together the page that you're actually going to sell your program with. That's the least amount of time that you want to actually invest in is the page that you're going to actually sell your program on. Because you're going to use video content and pieces of content that reach people to actually sell them on that thing. In fact, a lot of clients that I'm working with aren't even using sales pages to close people on their programs. They're just sending them a purchase link. As far as that goes, the ones that are successful. Why? Because they've already sold people, whether it be on a sales call, whether it be on a video training of some kind. And now here's the other thing too. Webinars are not outdated. Hear me out 90 minute webinars are not outdated. But the chances of you getting because there's two different types of people that I want to talk about here. Number one, is you have cold market. The cold market is people who don't know who you are never seen you before. But they're probably looking for the thing that you offer. So the chances of them going to your website and buying from you are virtually zero. Okay, the chances of them registering for something that's 90 to 120 minutes long, or even a five day challenge now. virtually zero. Okay. But here's what there is there is warm market. And this is where I like to use webinars. Now. Previously, we were marketing webinars and challenges to a cold market that's changed. Now we keep this exclusively for our warm market, and move the challenge model to being a paid challenge model where you start charging for tickets to join you for a multi day event. And you start hosting a webinar right here to people what's the difference between warm and cold market warm market means people that are already on your email list, they already follow you they already know who you are. They already know what you sell. But they just haven't quite made a decision yet to buy from you. So these again, are going to be the people who they've already been in your ecosystem for 21 days or more, as far as that goes. So what I like to do is send them with webinars and challenges as far as that goes. For the cold market. We're changing how we reach people and we use short videos that are between 12 to 30 minutes long. And the 12 to 30 minute long video uses the reverse training formula. The reverse training formula is where we don't actually follow the traditional formula of webinars or challenges. But in that 12 to 30 minutes. We start off in the beginning of that 12 to 20 minute video Number one, right out the gate. Tell them about what you have for sale, rip the band aid off right away. So this is to people that don't know who you are, they're going to find you, they're going to register for some kind of a training that you're going to offer. It'll be short 12 to 20 minutes long, and you're going to tell them about what you have for sale. It'll hold it back. You don't reserve it for later. You don't say, you know, this is gonna die. But I secretly have this thing over here that I hope you'll buy that's called Chasing energy, that's called desperation, energy. So we have to do is we have to shift our momentum, we're not in desperation, to where we have confidence to tell people take it or leave it, this is what I have for sale. And that's the first thing that comes out of your mouth when you reach people. So if I'm reaching somebody with a message on how to create Facebook ads, that get more clients, I'm going to tell them right away in that 12 to 20 minute video about the accelerator program about how they can jump in about the fact that we love working with our clients, and all that it's gonna be the first thing they hear out of my mouth. It by the time they hear that they're gone, good, they did all of us a favor. As far as that goes, you want to lose those people quickly out of your ecosystem. Number two, is where you go into the implementation. In that 12 to 30 minute video, you're going to teach during this middle portion here that hasn't changed from the webinar model, you're gonna go into the teaching portion of that. And then on this last part, you're gonna go into an emotional driving story, where you can talk about your clients experiences, where you can talk about your experience, we can talk about your history, see the traditional webinar format talks about your history, and clients, testimonies and all of that in the beginning, the reverse training format is where we actually go right into it with what we're going to offer. So that rips the band aid off now people don't feel like their guard is up and they're guarding their checkbook, because they already know what you have to sell. And they're itching for, and it keeps them engaged longer to hear the thing that they actually came for. So instead of them logging off at the end, before you talk about what you have for sale, now, every single person that you get in front of knows what you have for sale. Now for this type of presentation, you need to capture their email address, you need to get them to give you their email address for this type of a presentation right here. Okay. And so here's what we do. Your funnel takes on what we call a short form, landing page approach. So the short form landing page approach, it's very simple. It's similar to the previous approach, but has a lot less words. Because you're not trying to oversell the people what it is that you're trying to offer, you're just trying to get them on your email address on your email list so that you can reach them later. As far as that goes, they're going to sign up with their email address right here to get access to that 12 to 20 minute training right here. Okay. This will have a headline at the top of it has some bullet points as to what's delivered, maybe some testimonies on the on it written out. And that's about it, you don't go really deep into the storytelling and this type of a short form page. Now here's the piece that's really, really cool. That helps the algorithm if you're running paid advertising. As well as what I will do is I will have a 12 to 20 minute video right here. And during that I will softly mention what I have for sale at the beginning and at the end. But my goal is actually this for them to take me up on an offer that's between $1 to $47. I like doing the $1 approach, depending on the market of what you're selling. If you're selling to people that have a lot of money, you'll want to take the more $47 approach. If your market doesn't have a lot of money, I would say doing the $1 approach as far as that goes. And here's the advantage of that you're not going to make a profit off of this. You're not supposed to that's not part of the process. This is to tell the algorithm to get you the right people. So what you can do is you can run purchase conversion ads. So that your goal the way that you bring in people is with purchase conversions. So instead of running lead conversions, to get people just to give you their name and email address, which are not as qualified. You're going to run purchase conversions to try to get people to upgrade on the upsell. here. Now here's the thing with that type of an upsell, it's going to cost you five to 10 times whatever you're charging for this. So for me to get a sale of $1 of an upsell, on this funnel, it's going to cost me between five to $10. But those are hyper qualified people. If my upsell is $7, it's going to cost me between 30 to $50. To get people to upsell to that, possibly as high as $70. Now we can optimize that we can tweak that the more you build up the lookalike audiences that adjust that, again, your goal right here is to not is not to build a profit is to get qualified people on your email list. And this is the part that I want to pause here. And I want to talk about, because our own impatience has a problem with this. We feel impatient, demanding that we get the kind of sales that we want in the first interaction. And the truth is, that hasn't worked that way, in online marketing for about five years.

[417:06] Speaker 0: And yet, people every single day reach me still, and they think that they're going to just launch a video, they're gonna put a funnel out there, and it's gonna magically create sales overnight. And that's going to be the process that's going to work for them. It doesn't work that way, human behavior doesn't work that way. And it's only extended out longer. With the Tick Tock ification of the internet, people's need for instant gratification, and their lack of attention span makes it to where their ability to buy from you instantly becomes greatly reduced. So here's what we do. We're going to offer people some kind of an irresistible offer right here that's attached to this upsell, we'll both mention it both inside of here, and we will talk about it in our upsell. Here's another thing that you have to understand that this content right here, and whatever you're upselling right here as a course, are both sales and marketing materials, they are not intended for you to bring life transformation to people. And if you treat them as life transformative content, you will not make a dime, and you will feel lost because you invested so much energy into delivering incredible content, serving people at a high level, and nobody buys from you because nobody cares that you serve them at a high level, they don't. Because actually, if you serve them at a high level on this right here, the chances of them buying from you are almost zero. And that's where most coaches and mentors make the biggest mistake in their marketing is that they are using their marketing materials to coach people, that they're trying to bring a life transformation to people through their free offers and their marketing. And they're and they're there their video content and their social media content. No, that is reserved for once people become a client of yours, what does a client look like? They make some kind of a committed investment with you to where they will be investing at least $500 or more for the year. So for instance, in this accelerator program, the average yearly investment is between 2000 to $2,400 a year as far as that goes. Now, if I make an offer to people that's irresistible for the accelerator program, it might look one of two ways three different ways that I've done that work great. You can either mark market with a paid trial where you offer a limited time Money Back Guarantee where people can come in they try the program out and then you're able to give them a time to test it out to see if they like it to see if they want to stay in long term this is your this is probably one of the harder ones to actually sell to people because they have to really buy into what that is now I liked that approach initially. Because it really challenged me to to know is my marketing and sales messaging fit. But what I actually prefer is one of these two down here, number one, you can either do a discount enrollment plus bonuses. And by the way, we'll do a paid trial plus bonuses or you can do a free trial. plus bonuses. And what's interesting is if I can look at all of the top businesses right now that sell continuity, they are actually offering free trial for seven to 14 to 21 to 30 days, and giving free bonuses for people just for trying it out. Now, Russell Brunson and Dan Kennedy call this the most irresistible free gift ever, this is modified just a little bit, because we're including a short form type of sales message. And we're not explicitly selling to people the way that we did previously, with webinars, okay. And so what this does is because we're not selling as explicitly, we're going to give people a better offer right here that does risk reversal. It gives them an opportunity to try it out to see if somebody wants to jump in, and they get to have some bonuses that you give them. Now, again, we have to change our thinking behind investing hours and hours and hours, and hours, and hours, and hours, and hours, and hours and hours and hours, into creating courses and material and training, programs and workbooks and all of this, I'm telling you like, long term, you'll spend time doing that I've invested a lot of time into this program, doing that. But a lot of people make the mistake of investing all of this time upfront, when in fact, I wouldn't take more than like a month to create the materials that you're going to be giving in your offer. If you're taking longer than a month to create your materials, you're either over, you're either overwhelming yourself, there's either something you don't understand, and you need some coaching on that you need some help with that. Or you're just trying to do way too much, again, out of desperation and need for other people's approval. And can I tell you this, that when you approach your funnel, when you approach your coaching business with need for others approval, with desperation, needing people to believe in you, because you don't believe in yourself as much as them, you will not sell anything you want. Because people energetically respond the same level of belief that you have in yourself, as far as that goes. Okay. So what we do with this, back to what we were talking about over here is that you're gonna have people opt in for some kind of a training that's 1220 30 minutes long, they have to, they have to give you their email address for this, you're going to follow that reverse training format. In this. You talk about what it is that you have for sale, I might mention the trial, the bonuses, all of that right here, the implementation, how they can implement it, what's gonna happen, how to reach that this is the value that you're going to be giving people but you don't over teach. You don't give people everything, you get them to the place where they understand it, I'm going to give you an example of this, even what I've just done for the last probably 30 minutes of this training right now is about how much I would teach in a 12 to 20 minute training, maybe condense it down a little bit. I've been going a little bit slower here in this, but I wouldn't go beyond what I've just shared with you right now, in the last 30 minutes. If I was doing a free opt in offer, and teaching, I would probably touch on about as much as I've just shared with you right now. And then told them listen, if you want to learn how to do this and implement it, join me in the accelerator program. And that will be my call to action as I would say so if you're ready to implement this to put this together to go through this whole process. Now me coach you work with you through this join me and accelerator program. The problem is that I meet so many coaches is that you are oversharing and over teaching and trying to deliver so much value that gives people a transformation and their results for free. When they've not made any investment when you don't even know if they're qualified. And all you're gonna get from that is a hey, thank you. Appreciate it, and you will never hear from that person again. So I want to ask you this. Can you pay your bills on Thank you, I appreciate it. I can't neither can you. You know, if you get 100 people and you've invested in ads, and you over teach and they say Thank you that was a great teaching. And then you never hear from them again. Are you going to be able to pay your mortgage with that? No. But for some reason, that's what we think is what works. Because we've been sold this lie of will just deliver value and they'll come to you eventually but that's it Not the case, you need to learn how to strategically communicate with people in a way that builds desire and anticipation and creates engagement and gets them to take action. When you build that desire, that excitement, that anticipation that something greater is coming, that's where you get to drive at home within the emotional story factor of it. And then we loop it back to what our call to action is as far as that goes. And so you get people on your email lists. Again, I'm going to slow it way down right here for you real quick.

[572:24] Speaker 0: This is the same format that we've been doing for like three years. The difference is, instead of them signing up for a live training, a live webinar, they're signing up for a pre recorded 12 to 20 minute video that they have to give you their email address for now, here's the cool part about it, your offer your hook, your sales copy remains the same. I'm going to show you how to start a course make six figures with I'm gonna show you how to get more clients with your ads, I'm going to show you how to experience pain free birth, I'm going to show you how to not struggle with getting clients for your dog grooming business. And then you're gonna walk them through that and a 12 to 20 minute video. You figure out what is if you could spend an hour and a half with them. And now here's the really cool piece about it. What do you put into this dollar to a $47 upsell. Here's what I would recommend split up a 90 to 120 minute training into three to four modules and just sell it for $1 to 47 bucks. So essentially, this will be a longer form webinar that you're actually basically getting them to buy, they're actually buying the longer sales pitch. So we're still delivering these longer form offers sales pitches, things like that, you're going to have them buy into that at a low cost over here. So it's no longer going to be just free sign up for my free webinar. Now for free, you're going to have them sign up for an introductory portion of the information. And then you charge them for the long form training, which again, is essentially another sales pitch another presentation to sell your program, whatever that is. And with that program, you're going to deliver some kind of either a paid money back guarantee, discount enrollment that can take $100 Off $150 Off, plus bonuses or a free trial. As far as that goes. Now, here's the thing, after 21 days, people may not buy into this, they might not buy it. Wow. We can cry about it, or realize that that's human behavior. And this is where the beauty of this comes in. Is that you can have whether it be pre recorded or once a month, a 90 to 120 minute webinar, just like the one that you sold them. But go deeper beyond those facts such as like, what are the next stages of what you use to actually close your offer. So for instance, for me, I might teach people how to get more clients with Facebook ads, and then I'm going to have a $1 upsell, I'm going to walk you through how to create the best Facebook ad that generate six figures to get clients. And then for those that still don't come into the accelerator program, we're going to loop them back into another 90 to 120 minute training. That's about launching their offer, how to get more clients with their offer as far as this goes. So this translates for anyone that's here for you. Remember, we were talking about previously, we used to go 90 minute webinar to a five day challenge. Now we're treating the 90 Minute Webinar like we did a five day challenge because people's attention span is so much lower. So the chances of somebody sitting with you through a five day or a three day challenge. Again, very low for the client that's actually going to buy from you. Here's the other thing, a lot of people that are going to sit through a free five day challenge or what we call freebie seekers. They just sit through every free training they're not willing to ever invest. And I found that this was happening with some of the ones that I was doing is that people kept showing up, they were on my VIP. And apparently, that's what they thought they were getting the most value for me. And then they were getting so frustrated that I wasn't giving them maximum level coaching for free in these trainings right there, and I'm like, Well, you got to join the accelerator program. And they were so angry with me that I that I needed them to join the accelerator program. I was just like, Okay, what's wrong here? Why is this, it's because people's attention span has shrunk so low. That now we have to find them at a on a small and I'm going to tell you this, every single person that's here, mark my words. In the next six months, you're going to see every single marketer, doing what I'm talking about right here, I've already found three of them this week, that multimillion dollar businesses that have shifted from the traditional webinar and challenge model to what I'm talking about right here. Because the human behavior is moving in that direction, and then six to 12 months from now, it might change. So this is the approach, this is the playbook that you're going to want to take as far as that goes. So let's say that somebody signs up to your email list for the 12 to 20 minute training, they grab the upsell, that's great, we can run our ads with purchase conversions to get qualified people to one of those upsells. Now, here's the cool part about that. Because we can run retargeting ads, I can run either an evergreen pre recorded or a live webinar ad, that's going to retarget all of those people that joined my email list for that 12 to 20 minute training, okay. And then with them, I can do the same thing because I can loop them right back to whatever my sales pitches right here, you'll notice all roads lead to whatever your irresistible offer is to join your program. People are not necessarily going to take you up on any of these offers, simply because it's incredible. Because what sets you apart from somebody else that's out there. So you have to throw in there, I was just talking to a coach this week, she said, you know, six months ago, I could get people off my Instagram, and they would just buy my coaching program. Now. Nobody is nobody's buying from me. I broke down this offer stack for her. So what if you do the same thing, you got your offer right there. But in between, you just throw in a 12 minute video before you tell them about your program. And she was like, Whoa, I never thought about that. And I was like, Yep, there you go. Because what it is, is people's attention span is getting so low. That the chances of them buying or trusting you simply because you're awesome. Simply because you have an incredible certification by your name, simply because you're promising to deliver results is zero, they have to feel your presence, they have to experience what it's like to get to know you. But they don't want to spend 90 to 120 minutes doing so. And they're jaded by all the sales pitches and webinars that are out there. So they want something that gives them an instant spark of that connection with you. And that comes in the form of a short form video. And then you can retarget those people that you've already sparked a connection with, because they're already on your email list. Now not all of those people are gonna buy from you, not all of them are going to join you on a longer form training. We're not again, hear me out. I want you to hear me out. Remember I talked about people's attention span, right. And your brain might have already tapped into this logically and realize that what I just said, isn't true. It's situationally true, because people will sit through and watch a three hour movie in the movie theater. They will watch a two to half seasons of bridgerton over the course of two months, because they bought in emotionally to something that they want. But how many of you know that the chances of you even starting a new show on Netflix? Whether you watch TV or not, or starting a new book, or going out to coffee with somebody that you just met, the chances of us doing that with people today. These are probabilities. We're looking at what the probability is the probability percentage of you taking hours of your time to spend with somebody that you just met is much lower than it was two years ago, and prior to COVID, and it's only shrunk even more with artificial intelligence. But here's the truth about that. Once somebody trusts you, they like you, they know, you know, like trust, you build the know, like trust with the 1220 minute video. And then you make them another offer another invitation, hey, listen, join me for this 90 minute training on this topic. The chances of them committing to take that much time with you greatly increase six to 12 months ago,

[732:40] Speaker 0: even 24 months ago wasn't the case, we could get tons of people to show up on 90 to 120 minute trainings, just because they had an incredible hook. And the algorithms are finding us all these people because not a lot of people were doing it this way. Now everybody's doing it. And now all these freebie seekers are the ones that are joining all these webinars. And they're getting more and more disappointed, because every webinar is just another sales pitch. So how do you cut through the noise of all of that BS? What I'm just showing you right here, use a short form video 12 to 20 minutes long to build trust, to grow your email list. And to trigger the the Facebook pixel retarget a webinar offer to those people, you can sell people, by the way, you can you can include an email autoresponder with a sales offer for a trial of whatever your program is to get them over there. But you have to realize that the marketplace has shifted. And then if we don't evolve with the direction that the marketplace is going in, that we if we spend another six to 12 months, perfecting whatever the heck we're perfecting, I don't know what what we're perfecting. But whatever that is, I find myself doing the same thing. I'm worried that people aren't going to engage with this, they're not going to do this, they're not going to take action with us. Am I going to say this right? Is this the right way, we have to get out of our head. And we have to get out of the overthinking stage. And we have to get out of the approval seeking stage where we're trying to seek others approval. Now, you might say Jeremiah, you just talked about for the last 45 minutes a process of getting people's approval of you. I did. Because the right people will approve of you. But you're still going to not get everybody and that's okay, get out of our brain and focus in on what is the task at hand. And here's something that we have to do. We can get really, really good at talking ourselves out of taking action, we can get really, really good at saying it's just too hard. I feel uncomfortable. It's not ready yet. I'm worried. You could spend hours and hours and I've been teaching this for the last couple of months. And I don't know if it's actually made any impact on anybody, I don't think it has, which is why I'm we're changing up the approach. You can meditate, you could read a book, you could go do something else, you could procrastinate you can get your mind off of it. But at the end of the day, you're gonna have to come face to face with reality, that you still don't have clients that you've still been doing this for months, let's you're not reaching those goals, you got two options, you can either quit or change your approach, I would recommend not quitting because honestly, that's not who you are. You're a winner. And you're somebody who is cut out to win. And you're somebody who is built differently or you wouldn't be here. And you wouldn't be listening to this right now. And so here's something that I would encourage you to try out. Something that I've been testing over the last couple over the last couple of weeks that has been working for me. Pay attention to what are you feeding into your mind visually, audibly, verbally? Who are you hanging out with? But I also want you to pay attention to on a day to day basis. Are you making progress? Or are you staying stuck? You know, we look at our schedules and we pay attention to all of the things that we have going on. We have a lot of different things going on our time management, you know, we could all do better with our time management. And then we feel guilty because we're not doing what we should. And, quite frankly, that's a recipe to just keep doing the same thing. Why because as people, we get into cycles. And we go into the cycle of I'm motivated. And now I'm gonna get started. And now life comes up. And now my schedule took over. And now there are these things that I shouldn't be doing. And now I feel depressed and upset. And I hit rock bottom. And now I have a spark of motivation. And now I'm going to start moving forward. And we literally go in this cycle like a hamster wheel. How many y'all are ready to get off of that hamster wheel? Here's the problem. Do you want to know why we're on that hamster wheel more today than we ever were is the reason why this funnel is the same way as why it works. Because people's attention, our attention span, as a planet as a whole, has been shifted and adjusted by algorithms to keep us in a loop and then a cycle that is making money for advertisers. And until we can learn to break that loop and break that cycle and become aware of our own behavior. Not beat ourselves up for it, not get angry with ourselves. But learning to take a different approach. So if I try something, and the same thing has happened to me again, and again, and again, two things we need to do, number one, we need to become radically self aware of our own behavior. Number two, we need to make a decision. And this is gonna be the hard part. But it's actually very fun and very easy, is to shift your state of mind, your state of being, and how you're showing up. And here's how I like to do this is imagine yourself as the best possible version of yourself. Imagine yourself as making the kind of money that you want to make, having all the clients that you want to have. And start to see yourself in that success and really feel what that success feels like. And then we might have some excitement, we might also have some fear come up because we know what it's going to take to get there. And then the next part of it is if we look at what is that thing that we're really, really avoiding doing procrastinating on, what are we spending time avoiding? What do we feel guilty about that we're taking so long doing. And you might notice, we almost like shrink back, like we go from this we go, I'm excited to do all these things, oh, but I haven't done this yet. I have to do this. I'm excited. But I haven't done this yet. And we can get in a loop of noticing what the tension is between those. I have a vision for where I'm going, but I have this ball and chain of what I can't seem to break out of. And it can be different for all of our lives for what that is, you know, I'm gonna is going to be super transparent with you right now something that again, it may damage my reputation if I share this with you, but I'm willing to because I think it's going to hit a powerful example for some of you. The number one thing in my own life that has held me back for the last 36 years, is being afraid of people getting mad at me and being upset with me. And being disappointed that I have worked so hard to not disappoint or upset people in my life that I actually don't even show up as the person that I need to show up as because I'm working so hard to do everything perfect. And I know that there are some people that are here in this group that experienced the same thing. God's not helping us and I had to make a decision that this wasn't helping me. And when I verbalize it, it doesn't even sound that great. It's like well, I need to get more comfortable with people being mad at me, people being angry or upset. And I had a conversation with my wife yesterday and it was interesting. As I told her, you know, it's interesting, Abigail if I am afraid of disappointing you, if I if I take notes in my life of the amount of times a day I disappoint my loved ones a couple times a day and vice versa. It just happens as humans and if we're being honest with ourselves, it really does. But I told Abigail that if I if I'm not worried or scared or terrified of disappointing you and you being upset or or something happening as far as that goes eventually I actually break the cycle. And the amount of time starts reducing less and less and less. But here's the problem. If I'm so focused on not disappointing you,

[883:17] Speaker 0: my energy is so focused on not disappointing you at the amount of times on a daily basis that I actually found when I quantify this, that I disappointed my wife were even greater. By doing that, when I worried so much about not disappointing clients, by not disappointing people on the internet and social media and people that I worked with in business, the amount of times that they would express their disappointment with me, grew exponentially. And it became a self fulfilling prophecy, because I was putting my energy towards this thing that I wanted to avoid that was greater to me than anything else. This was greater to me, than relationships, this was greater to me than growing my business was not upsetting, disappointing people. And I worked so hard, all of my actions were focused around making sure that nobody was upset or disappointed with me. And then I took a deep breath, and I took a step back. And I realized, I'm literally creating the worst possible scenario in my life by working to avoid this. And as soon as I let go of that, and it's not that I was intentionally trying to disappoint anybody at all. We don't ever do that. Like, unless you're crazy and psychopathic, but I don't think anybody here is you're not intentionally trying to upset people. But we let go of that being our focus to not let that happen. And we make it our focus to say, I have a vision for where I'm going, and I'm going to go after that thing. And I'm going to accomplish that. And I'm gonna break it down into smaller tasks, and what are those things that I need to do to get those things done. And here's the part that becomes a challenge we come face to face with, if you're anything like me,

[915:06] Speaker 0: actions in your business, that could turn out where other people don't respond the way you want them to.

[918:36] Speaker 0: And our need to control other people takes over us actually operating in our business in a powerful way. How does this manifest this manifests in me spending three weeks, this is an actual true story, developing out five email autoresponders that are very simple that I've written 1000 times before. Because I'm worried that some of those people might not take action on this part of my funnel. So I'm so concerned that people are not going to do what I want in my funnel that I took three to four weeks to do what took me 30 minutes to do as soon as I released that, and let go of it. And I said, You know what, if some people go through the funnel, and they don't take this action here, maybe they don't buy the upsell, maybe they don't become a client here. Maybe they don't even watch the training. That's okay. As soon as I let go of that, and let go of my need to manage, maintain control other people's actions, decisions and choices. You know, how else does that manifest that manifests in us working so hard to not lose clients? That manifests in us working so hard to not ever make mistakes, or to not ever say the wrong thing. And to work so hard to make everything perfect in our funnel so that we make sure that we, we get the most return. For our investment. Again, I'm not talking about you being reckless with your finances. You have to understand that when you learn to let go of those things, and you actually put your focus on having hope. And believing that as I take action, these things are going to start working out for me and you start seeing a vision in your mind. And you start visualizing. I'm going to put this out there people are going to connect with it. Guess what happened? I'm going to tell you what happened in 30 minutes, those five email autoresponders that I took four weeks, procrastinated on writing, I knew exactly what I needed to do, but I procrastinated on this and I couldn't even figure out why I procrastinated. So I took like, two hours to map it out. Where am I stuck in this process? I know everything I needed to do. And I landed on these email autoresponders these automated emails that were going out. I find a lot of people end up getting stuck in the automated emails for whatever reason they're they're stuck not knowing how the technology works and all that. You can learn it in about an hour. But we get so caught up in Well, I'm not ready yet, I don't have that prepared, I don't know if this is going to work out. I don't know if things are gonna go my way. And we operate out of desperation, and a need to control things and a need to make things go our way. And we end up creating a self fulfilling hamster wheel of struggle, and frustration, and things not working out and us not reaching our goals, and us not putting the pieces together in the way that we need to win all that we had to do was learn to let go of that and say, You know what? Who cares if it doesn't work out? Exactly how I envisioned it. I'm going to do it anyways. And you almost turn that into a declaration? Who cares? I'm gonna do it anyways. Who cares? If I don't know exactly how to do it. I'm gonna try anyways. And I can tell you this every single time that I've struggled in my business, it was because I wasn't owning into that as a motto or a mantra for my life. Of who cares if it's not exactly how I see it in my head. Let's try it out and see what happens. And I can tell you that the same will happen for you in your life is that if you can start to own that, and you can start to learn to embrace and get excited to try things out. And to test things out and to see what happens. And you start having belief, even if you don't know exactly is this perfect, but you're willing just to see what happens and adopt an experimentation mindset and experiment to see what people respond to the momentum that you will gain from actually taking action, not sitting on the couch, ruminating not planning it out in your head, not writing it down in another Google Doc. But actually putting it into action and getting real people in front of you. This stuff will start to come together for you. But we have to learn to make a decision to move away from how we've been always doing things and realize Enough is enough. Who cares? Let's do it anyways. Because honestly, I think that that's how most of us, if you if we're being direct with ourselves have accomplished most of the stuff that we've done really well in our lives is that we said you know what? Who cares. And it's funny, I could use an expletive. But I don't want to on here. You know, screw it. Who cares? I'm going to do it anyways. And you go out there. And you finally reach that breaking point where you're ready to take steps forward. And you bring yourself right up to that point, and you realize what's blocking you from that type of behavior. That's what I had to do with my wife when it came to being worried about upsetting and disappointing her or with my clients or with my own business. With getting new clients. I was like, You know what, who cares? Let's see what happens. Let's try it out. And whenever I've done that, it seems to work really, really well. But whenever I'm so caught up in my head worried it's not going to work out. Six months go by 12 months go by and nothing's happened. Nothing's happened. It's time to break that cycle. Who cares? We're going to try it anyways, just to see what happens. All right. So I'm gonna take some questions here. And y'all want to raise your hand and then jump in with some questions. We'd love to love to talk with you. As far as that goes. Doesn't look like anybody has left any questions on our post in the group? You know, we do have a post in our group right here. Post your most pressing questions below. You can always go find this inside of the Facebook group post your questions. By the way, there was another one right there. Who cares? I'm going to post my question anyways, I'm going to ask my question anyways. Literally, I find that people don't ask questions because they're worried of not asking the right question. They're worried about not getting the the answer the way they want it to. Because we're trying so much to control everything. Let go of that. And just have fun with it. All right, Adele, what's going on? How are you Adele? I'm

[1033:53] Adele Best: great. Thank you. Amazing training. Amazing. So yeah, like I told you before I had an Irish coach. And she said exactly the same thing a couple of months ago. She said everything's moved to 45 minute like 45 minute things, you know. And some other coaches I know they're not even doing they're just selling directly from their content. So everything's changing all the time, but And so what you put up on the whiteboard, they're selling

[1040:45] Speaker 0: through your content. That's great. The problem is you're not building an email list and if you're gonna be running paid advertising selling from your content is only half of the equation. So you want to do both I think.

[1043:25] Adele Best: Yeah, well they kind of do what you're saying they use their content to get them into tears like they call them tester menu, tester menu, low ticket things and then they sell the vendor the higher ticket stuff but so what you put on the board there where can we see this like live so we can copy it?

[1048:37] Speaker 0: Where can you see it live? Right now I'm building it right now. And I want to Rick pinos funnels we've been doing that I there's been a couple of funnels that I've gone through that I've done this, but there's I'm launching here in the probably the next week or so.

[1052:33] Adele Best: Okay, so we should just watch your cancer will well, you'll share it with us anyway, when you do exact

[1054:07] Speaker 0: stuff that we've been teaching in here for the last the last two years. It's just your approach as far as how long the video training is.

[1057:22] Adele Best: Okay, and you said as well last week about a Squarespace training. Where is that I look for that stuff and I couldn't find it. It

[1059:52] Speaker 0: was the area under beginner the beginner courses. There was a color space one over in the members area right here in the total online blueprint

[1063:41] Adele Best: so I've already done the you know, the Squarespace one before but did you say you've done

[1065:01] Speaker 0: updated right here. And then I'm creating a new Squarespace course that I'm starting this week.

[1066:13] Adele Best: Oh, so you updated that one with the seven point. This is a lesson

[1067:19] Speaker 0: right here. So six step system, six figures is the one that we were doing. This one is all is updated on a lot of the new structure of how we want to do things. So again, we're still using like the webinars, we're still using that, but we're adding in a piece of it that's a lot shorter. So the type of landing page is going to look similar to like this one right here. Really short headline, bullet point. And then when they log in, it looks like this. Where there's some kind of video content that they can get access to. This is a 12 minute training right here.

[1078:12] Adele Best: Okay. Yeah, his

[1078:40] Speaker 0: call to action is to book a call to sales team, where I'm adjusting the approach is $1. upsell to a to a to a longer form course. And trying out my coaching program. He doesn't have a group coaching program like that. But it's the exact same type of method. As far as the first two stages go, you got the landing page to get the email address. You got the short form video right there.

[1085:03] Adele Best: And he's, and he's driving people to that with his ads. Yeah,

[1085:55] Speaker 0: he's spending 60 to $80,000 a day on that he's helping me help him with those ads right now.

[1087:24] Adele Best: 60 to $80. Okay, cool. Sorry, 60 to 80,000

[1088:29] Speaker 0: a month, he's doing about two to 3000 a day. Right. Okay. Great. Thank you. That's converting really well, as far as that goes. The idea is, is that you're getting people in with some sort of short form training, it's the same approach that we would take for a webinar, the same approach that we would take for that. But instead of telling them, okay, you got to show up at this time, you got to wait two weeks from now to do this. You're giving them instant gratification to be able to watch a piece of content while capturing their email address, and giving them some sort of an instant call to action. You have them on your email list, and you're able to retarget with something that's like a webinar as far as that goes. Yep. And so the other thing, too, is you're going to you're going to notice, literally everybody who does webinars and all that this is the approach that they're going to be taking in the next six months. Everybody is

[1104:17] Adele Best: that's good. It seems like it's less, it's less boring art stuff for free. Yeah, I like it.

[1106:10] Speaker 0: Well, it is and you can you can optimize it more evergreen. The challenge is, if what you're saying during the webinar doesn't make that connection with people, if what you're saying in the video doesn't make the connection with people, they won't buy from you, if you're over teaching. They won't buy from you. So that's a big part of it as far as that goes as well. So yep. I would say the closest thing looking at the total online six figure blueprint, and it'd be helpful with that. So all right, Brittany, Brittany Pezzini What's up, Brittany?

[1115:42] Speaker 2: Hey, hello. This is really timely because this last week I went through and I can't remember what it's called. And I don't have access to it because I'm on zoom on my phone. But that new training course that you're building out, I made it through all through the mess Uh, Jean all the way through messaging, which, like I said, is timely with what you're sharing today. So I had a couple of questions before I came on. And then now I have a couple of follow up questions, but I think you're going to answer them all at once. Yeah, so bear with me. My first question is, I went through the chat GPT prompts, which was phenomenal. But it came up with some responses on kind of what I'm going to teach in my free offer, that didn't quite resonate with what I feel like I could be teaching. Now, the follow up to that is what you shared today. Maybe it is what I need to teach, because I need to, we need to give something that's free, do the upsell, we're gonna start nurturing and getting trust. And then you talk about this bit about transformation, we can't give the transformation in the free offer.

[1134:23] Speaker 0: No, we've never meant to do that we're never supposed to, I think that's one of the biggest mistakes I think a lot of people make is they're trying to give transformation in this free offer. And it just it just, it not only does it not work, it actually hurts you overall, to do that. The side, notice this, there's only one negative that happens when you do this, you'll have a few people write you that they're pissed off that you didn't give them a transformation in the offer. So that's what happens, but you will sell more. So you can so this is why I'm saying you can get to where you don't get anybody who's upset with you, because he brought total transformation. And he makes no sales. Or you can follow this approach where you don't bring the full transformation and the free offers, but you cover over it. And you do that, and this is why I talk about all the time, the biggest thing you have to realize is that you're not looking for people to approve of you and like you and all of that in the in the offer stack. This is part of your sales and marketing process. And, and that's that's what works as far as that goes.

[1152:43] Speaker 2: Yeah, and I do agree, I think as coaches, that's where we get mixed up on is because that's what we're good at is you're gonna

[1154:08] Speaker 0: coach them once they become a client, right. And a big part of it is it's also we are like people will use you as a coach without paying you if you let them. And so in the beginning that can that that's very flattering for people that want to use us for free as coaches, but at the end of the day, we can't pay our bills on that. You know, I remember and again, in my own journey, I'm like, Oh, I love it, they're getting so much value. They're loving what I'm talking about, they're sharing, but then nobody buying from me because they're just they're loving what I'm doing. But they're not wanting to take the next step. There. It's, again, there's so many parallels to dating, it's like getting friend zoned on a date with somebody you're really interested in. You know, it's like, okay, you know, that was great. But like, yeah, we're not going further, because I got everything I you know, as far as that goes. And it could be the wrong type of person could not be the right qualified person. So those are the two different types of things. As far as that goes, we don't give everything in that first interaction, but we show people what's available to them what's possible, we help them experience it, we help them see what's incredibly waiting for them on the other side of this as far as that goes and even in your in your low ticket upsell, we don't give that as well we use that as a way to build trust and desire. And so the right person is going to their desire is going to be built up as far as this goes. The wrong type of person, they're going to disappear but they would have disappeared anyways. And so again, that's part of this thinking of like, Oh, well I can control that person and make sure they don't disappear on me. And realizing that it's like it's it's about there's a process and a system of how do we communicate and market to people to reach people?

[1187:18] Speaker 2: Okay, so my my question then is and I'm hoping that if I use me as an example other people will understand it as well. What then can I offer in the freebie what then can I offer in the upsell? And then from there I can do the whole and with the coaching I

[1192:34] Speaker 0: mean a little bit about what your what you offer, what the transformation you bring them when they pay you is because we can work backwards from there.

[1194:12] Speaker 2: Yeah, okay. So my niche is established or emerging female entrepreneurs, athletes, artists and influencers who want to build a strong social media presence, okay? And we mindset and then simple social media strategy.

[1199:09] Speaker 0: So the outcome of that is there's a lot of stuff Adeje in there, the outcome is the result that they're paying you for, they're gonna buy from you to get that result. Do you want to own the fact that you got to pay me to actually get that result, what you deliver to them is you deliver to them value of how things are done differently than how other people are doing it. You show people what the introductory stages of what your offer is, as well, like you don't go into the weeds of the step by step you do all this and stuff like that. you reserve the execution, the support, the accountability, the hand holding all of that for what they're going to be buying. And the other thing is, is this is that information alone is no longer, it really hasn't been. But we used to really put a big price tag on information that's way less valuable today than it was even two years ago. Because and even in the last 20 years, the value on information has gone to almost zero by itself. So what people pay us for is actually working with somebody who can guide us direct us and actually deliver on the final result that we're looking for. So like, for instance, just sharing with somebody, here's the funnel, here's how you get clients, all of that the chances of them actually doing those things and executing are very low. The chances of somebody executing on getting the social media clients that they need. Now, again, you can walk them through this whole process and all of this, what I would do is I would come into it with what's possible, what are the possibilities, getting them to believe in the possibilities? learning the art of shifting people's beliefs, is the biggest thing. And so part of it is taking a look at what is the thing that they believe about social media, they believe about growth in their business, what is the thing that they believe is possible and how long it takes? What are they sick and tired of? So you show in the first part of that, that you understand what that is, you show them that you have a process that works to move away from what they're trying to avoid what's not working towards what they want and what they desire. And you give them the step by step of what that is. Now when I say you give them the step by step of what that is, let me explain. You're going to tell them what the steps are. But you're not going to break down all the nuances of what doing all those steps looks like. Because they're because they so the idea is you want to leave them in our free content with more questions and they came in with. And that's one of the things that ends up happening is, is that if you do it, right, they're going to have more questions, and they actually came in the door with their goal is to get this okay, I'm gonna get this, I don't understand what's the process to do this. And they're actually going to leave with more questions of how to make it happen. And how do they get those questions answered by joining your program by working with you over here. And so let's not that we're trying to answer all their questions. We're not there to be a q&a system. We're there. And which is it which is also interesting is because like whenever I would even host like live q&a. And bonus q&a Is I wouldn't even necessarily answer their questions, I would loop it right back to kind of surface level covering what it is that they need to do, but then telling them and then we walk you through how to do that in my program over here. And so it's having the confidence to look somebody straight in the eye, when they say, well show me how to do it, and you say great, I will. And then you walk them through the steps and you say, and I'll walk you through it in my program. And then chances are if they're a normal, everyday person, they're gonna be like, Oh, great, I'll join you. If they're, there's a small percentage of people that is really kind of crazy and likes to control people and bully people. And they'll get verbally kind of like, well, you didn't actually show me. So. And that's the negative voice we have in our head that we're trying to avoid. And the PS and all of this is the most negative of like skwawkbox, angry, upset person that's never satisfied. The critic. You're not there to serve the critic because they're never going to be satisfied. You're there to show a path. But you're not there to give people a free ride. If that makes sense, then our marketing materials. Yes.

[1272:18] Speaker 2: So then the upsell and the free we're showing them the path, the price what they want and why they want it and then when they buy or how it can work out. Say that again,

[1276:25] Speaker 0: and how it can work for them because we want them to fully believe that it will work for them. Okay, so they have to believe that it's going to work for them. Okay, so we have to understand what their beliefs are now here's the cool thing that I like is that like, you can use chat GPT to help you with some of this as well. So like you could type in like, what is the biggest thing that maybe somebody coming into your presentation might not believe and need to shift the belief and to you can actually have the AI help you with that? Like, what is something related to what you do that people believe is? And that you show them? What do you need them to believe to get them to buy into what you're offering? Do you know what that is?

[1289:06] Speaker 2: Is that a rhetorical question? Are you asking me? Yeah, do

[1289:39] Speaker 0: you know what that is? Oh, okay. Ask

[1290:08] Speaker 2: the question again.

[1290:21] Speaker 0: What do people need to believe to get them to buy into your coaching to help them? I'm actually typing in chat GBT. On a coaching program to learn to grow their social media presence online, as an entrepreneur, okay. So if I type that in, and I go right here, they want to see obviously, some kind of success track record, that you have the knowledge, some kind of a result, and then practical, actionable step action steps, that they want to know that your coaching provides this guidance, that you have the tools that they need, they don't need to know the guidance and the tools, they just have to know that you have them in your program. They have to so the idea is is that you show them in your program that you can deliver on what it is that you say that you're going to deliver. Why because when they come in, they don't have that belief that you can actually deliver on that. They're not joining you, because they actually believe that you can they're curious but they're not bought in. So then your goal is to actually build that belief in you your product, your program, that you can deliver that result. And that's the main topic of it. You know, I've talked about this book for a long time right here, the straight line selling system by Jordan Belfort. Persuasion influences success is getting people to understand that you that you can deliver on what that thing is and getting them to feel the desire to take action with you. So again, you're not you're not spending that time teaching them in your free content. You're spending that time building that rapport building that trust, to the point where they're ready to take action with you. And you might include some content in there that teaches them some things, but they're gonna need your help to really implement it as far as that goes.

[1326:47] Speaker 2: Okay, so then what do you offer if it's not a transformation in the upsell?

[1329:38] Speaker 0: I don't understand it. Same thing. I don't understand the question. I'm sorry.

[1330:30] Speaker 2: So I guess I'm confused, then we've got the the free, offer the webinar, we're going to offer the upsell from the upsell, we've now nurtured and now we're gonna start walking them into our group.

[1334:03] Speaker 0: So the goal of the upsell for you is to optimize the ads that you can optimize for buyers. Okay, as far as that goes. Are you concerned that you're not going to give them enough value in the upsell?

[1338:43] Speaker 2: I think I just don't know what upsell I'm gonna give. Because, again, I came into this morning, where my webinar was a transformation. And then you're talking like, okay, no, no, now the upsell is going to be the transformation. So now I'm lost, which is fine. I think this is beautiful opportunity. I guess I'm a little uncertain,

[1344:09] Speaker 0: the soul isn't even really the full transformation, it's just that you have more time to spend with them. It's an extended format of what you were talking about in the other one. So like, for instance, in 12 to 20 minutes, the amount of time if I run an offer to show people how to grow their business with Facebook ads, I can't teach that in 12 to 20 minutes. So then I'm going to have them go deeper with me and in a 90 minute training as far as that goes. Okay, and I can show them more of that but I can't like because all of my Facebook ads courses are hours of content. And, and here's the thing, I tried giving all of that to people, like for $47 and hope they became clients. People didn't want it. They didn't buy it. Yeah. Which is interesting. Because that's what my first course was a nine hour Facebook ads course that I sold for 47 bucks. And it was nearly impossible to get anybody to buy it. Until I started doing this approach, where we get people in. And we we talk about what is the outcome that they're gonna get? What is the outcome that we're walking them through a process of delivering to them. Because we're getting them into your space, you're not delivering them an outcome because they watched a video with you, they get the outcome because they're spending time with you. And they're diving deeper with you, and you're letting some people drop off as far as that goes. Okay,

[1367:31] Speaker 2: I think this is a little bit more clear. I don't want to hijack any, any of anybody else's time. Could you provide a quick example, even with what you do? free offer? This is what I do upsell this, just so I have it clear what an example is that I can kind of mimic my own stuff. And then I've seen

[1372:38] Speaker 0: this program. I like we're breaking all these nuances down. Yeah. I've tried running a free offer where I break this down when I'm talking to you before, nobody signs up. No, but can't get anybody to sign up. So that mean that this information nobody needs? No, this is the most important information that people need. But they're not at the right stage on the journey for it. So what I look for is I find what is the right hook, that people are actually wanting what is the deepest desire that they have, it's a pain point to solve, I want to start a coaching business, I want to get more clients. So I'm going to run an offer around get more clients with your Facebook ads. And I'm going to teach about that. And I'm going to share all this stuff as far as it goes. And I'm going to make an invitation to join me with one big thing where I have to say you need to actually have an offer, you need to have a landing page and you have a funnel to actually build. So what I'm actually doing is I'm actually getting people to buy into the fact that they need a funnel. Because they don't even know they need a funnel, they don't even know that they need an offer. Because if I lead with you need an offer almost nobody signs up. But if I lead with Oh, get more clients with ads, I get a ton of people that sign up. It's like I can't stop them. Okay, so then if I just teach people all the stuff they need to do about ads, like everybody, just like their head spins, and they're overwhelmed, they don't like it. So So you have to move people from like, baseline level, you're not oversharing over teaching, you're just inviting them to spend some time with you for 90 minutes. And then if they buy into an upsell, it might dive deeper into like a few other nuances. Like for instance, the way I did my upsells was, I included like four bonus trainings on one on one training on the mindset of coaching and other one was on what is the best funnel to build another one was a quick start training on how to create the best Facebook ads, these are like, two 330 minute trainings that I threw in an upsell, as far as it goes, again, does that they're not going to get the full result out of that. But it's going to build that trust and that buy into that connection with me to where then I get them on something where I'm gonna teach them about how to create an offer. And then I make them an offer to join my program. And then some people end up joining the program where we dive deeper into the nuances of getting this out there to people as far as that goes. Okay.

[1408:30] Speaker 2: Okay, I'm gonna go back to this recording and brainstorm everything that you've shared. I'm still a little fuzzy, but I think just re digesting what you've shared will help. But I just don't have anybody else's time. But I appreciate that. That was still very, very helpful. Yeah.

[1412:32] Speaker 0: And maybe after I take Sue's question here, we could talk about it some more. What's up, Sue? How are you?

[1414:30] Sue McGarvie: Hey, Jeremiah, I am I put up after Thursday's call I love Thursday, Thursday is by far my favorite your when once a month Thursday. I don't know why it's so much more impactful around ad copy. And I guess that's where my pain point is. So I worked. I've got a 12 minute video 12 minute training up?

[1419:50] Speaker 0: Yes.

[1420:04] Sue McGarvie: Did I changed my landing page to be really simple. Really simple. And I'm still like Britney a bit I am still stuck on. You know the process, right? So you do the ad, you send them to the page, and then the page, you want them to go to the VIP and then the VIP

[1425:07] Speaker 0: page and then they give you their name and email address. Yeah, yes, I've

[1426:25] Sue McGarvie: already got that. So it's I put it in the Facebook group as to which one

[1427:39] Speaker 0: of the things that you could do verbally can direct them to where you want them to go. So like you verbally in the video, direct them to whatever, like the next thing is that you're doing. Okay, I'm not done that. But like for instance, I almost very rarely actually put out like links to join my accelerator program. But when people go through webinars with me, I talk about it verbally and I tell them to go here and where it is. Okay, because I'm leading everybody to get to that point, because that's where the emotional buy in is.

[1436:41] Sue McGarvie: All right, I guess it's still like I don't think in boxes and I'm having trouble with the flowchart of where and like that's, that's I think it's because I have really crappy spatial skills and that's the problem, and I've got to articulate it Every time I call a Weber, I'm on the phone with them all the time going, Okay, I don't understand this. How do I do this?

[1441:10] Speaker 0: Okay, um, so they're on a page. Okay, where they sign up?

[1442:37] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, they're on the pay. They've they've, I've sent them. I'm running ads to us.

[1443:46] Speaker 0: We're just gonna use this example right here. They're gonna sign up here on a page. Yep. Name, email address. You give them some kind of video content, you're going to send everybody to this page to the page that they sign up for. Okay.

[1449:28] Sue McGarvie: Okay, I guess that's what I'm not doing. I am giving them this original page is where the video is. Yeah,

[1451:02] Speaker 0: so you got to send them somewhere where they actually and by the way, what you just said, right, there is another mistake that I noticed that a lot of people make is that they're just sending people straight to the content, they're not getting their email address and contact info first. So like, we want to, we want to have it be behind some kind of a registration form of some kind. So

[1456:58] Sue McGarvie: So that's get that contents easy to do in Squarespace and not as easy to do in AWeber, which is maybe where I'm having trouble.

[1459:07] Speaker 0: Possibly, cuz I

[1459:29] Sue McGarvie: have it, I think I've got you know, I think I'm really happy with the original landing page and the follow up landing page and the 12 minutes, I worked on that. And the copy I did, you know, credibility because it's about empathy and authority I've done you know, here the, there's like six of the eight or 10 media outlets I've been cited in in the last six years. Um, so it's quite clear, it's just the, as you said, it's getting their email address, and then it's getting them and then I want to sell them the VIP. And then I want them to come to a

[1468:39] Speaker 0: the main Yeah, the main like VIP thing. Again, we're not, we're not necessarily calling it a VIP anymore. What if we do it this way, is it's more of like, like a, this is a course that I normally sell for $500. But today, you can get it for just seven bucks, or just $27 or just $1. As far as that goes actually helpful. So it's a little bit different than calling it a VIP. It's like, okay, here's this training. But what I want to do is I want to, I want to tell you, I put a dove a lot deeper into this in this course right here. Normally this content, I'd sell it for $500, you can grab it right now for just $1 As far as that goes, or just $7. Okay. And then mentioning that two people now inside of both of these, I would talk about what we actually have as far as our coaching program goes. But I really want people that kind of take that upsell on this short form video, because it's going to train the algorithm much better. For our ads, yeah, because I really want to optimize for people taking me up on a low ticket sale of some kind. Okay, because I can actually, it sounds interesting, if I do a free trial of this program, because it's 197 bucks a month after the trial period, I can actually get more people to pay me $7 And I could to take me up on a free trial. Okay, because people feel embarrassed about signing up for something that's $200 getting it for free, they don't really feel like committed to it. So they would rather have a lower commitment $7 thing that they don't have to put as much commitment into. And again, in that lower commitment when I'm just looping them right back to the thing that I have for sale, that's at a higher price. As far as that goes. That's interesting. And that lets you really optimize those ads for the purchases, rather than just the leads with the free the people that are free that are just trying to come in for free info. Yeah.

[1499:49] Sue McGarvie: Alright, so I you know, and I find that it's funny because $7 is my is my threshold. Right? I think I made three now that I talked to you, right? It's just what 100 of what I would normally charge an hour. Yeah, the three bucks again,

[1503:48] Speaker 0: the $7 is like think about your, your 100. I don't you have like It's like $147 or $200, like four weeks

[1506:30] Sue McGarvie: after you have done that. I've what was going on was I was getting less people than more. And as you said the market has changed over the last six months. Six months ago. I got a whole bunch at the 179 people Yeah. And then it was all the same people and my numbers were going down and I went screw it I need Jeremiah's telling me it's time to pivot. So I have done done some new stuff. So what you don't know is there's a huge I've been working on for a year a new course that's going on on Thinkific. Yeah, awesome, really extensive. So I've done a smaller version of that for 99. And I've got a huge one coming out. Like that'll be $700 value, and it's down like the first one done this weekend.

[1517:59] Speaker 0: So the idea is take like the beginning parts of that course, and an overview of like what you go over and just covered an overview in that $7 course. Yeah, I'm really, you know, normally this is info that I would charge this much more, but you just, you know, so again, it's not gonna be a full like, course that you took a lot of time in, we're gonna call it a course, but it really is like a hybrid, sort of, it's just going to be like another. It's gonna be like another webinar. Basically,

[1525:43] Sue McGarvie: what I've done is I have got somebody close to me said, it needs to be exclusive. He says men, especially, are interested in exclusive. So I've limited the numbers to kind of the original VIP, right that it's not VIP, it's the discounted version. And I'm going to go through their dating ads on the spot. Oh, cool. Using your fast track, AI system on the spot, and I can change it. For people who don't know, AI, that's magic, right? It's just like, I am Merlin. But it's it's being able to look at them. And go, here are the things you need to do. And I can do for 10 in that hour. Yeah, and it really or I can say I can only do five, your other five, we'll get them in the next 24 hours. But here's what you need to do. Here's your next steps for this week.

[1539:03] Speaker 0: I wonder if you could have a VA, like do that for you too. And you could just like turn it into a, like a service that they could just add that could even could be like part of the upsell. Yeah, so these are, these are again, these are like, just a few different ways to help people in with this. I was talking about like with my mom about this for her offers that she's doing. So again, the way I would have her do it, what I broke down for you is exactly what I'm building out for my mom as well. 12 minute video, Sandy is talking to people, right? Has a $7 or $1 course that they can get from her. But really, that course is just it's this almost the same content I would deliver and what we did in our free webinars, but I'm charging for it. Right. And as a little as again, a little bit more value. So like, we're going to show you how to build wealth using the stock market. All this now again, that's the same offer. Most people, you got to this for everybody, it's here, your free offer. And your low cost offer is going to be for the same topic that you're charging for in the main one. But you're moving them along that path and you're showing them a path, it's like, it's like opening the door to Narnia, but saying oh, you can't come into the door, that's tell you, you know, become a client. But you can look in you can look around, you can you know, you can take a look. And that's really what our webinars and our marketing material is, is for them to really, because then they can start to feel it, they can start to see it, they start. It's like what a movie trailer does. And some movie trailers do a better job at this than others. Which is also interesting is why a lot of times most movie trailers, they have like three or four trailers that come out throughout the summer. Because each one is a little bit better at hooking people in to join for the summer blockbuster. We see the same thing happening. It always happens in every Well, I know you're in Canada in the election cycles, trying to the candidate, all this type of stuff as far as that goes, you know? So it's like it's building that trust for the final moment of like, okay, let's step into what the next thing is. And as people like we're just we're so now conditioned for that type of it is interesting. It really has turned people into like cattle a little bit. Like, way more than even we treated it like five years ago. Yeah. But it works. It really does. That's why like, it's annoying, but that's why the auto industry, you have to talk to a salesperson, you have to sit down through all these annoying processes to do but it's because if they didn't have that they would sell way less cars.

[1582:51] Sue McGarvie: Well, I'm doing the same thing with my dating thing, right? I want them to come to a group zoom. And then I want them to you know, dip a toe and then I want them to meet in person. Because if they're going from being stuck on the couch to being full on dating, except process, they don't just do Yeah, yeah. They don't need you if they do, right. Yeah.

[1587:35] Speaker 0: But at the same time, it is a process, right? But we're dealing with people that right now are stuck in instant gratification mindset. So our biggest shift is to get them to where they want to spend their time with whatever our ecosystem that's because they're going to spend their time either watching Netflix scrolling dating sites, you know, reading reading books, dreaming about what they wish life was or they're going to shift into a different environment where they're going to spend time with Sue and start to see changes in their life. And by the way that has that's gonna have to break somebody or some of their habits a little bit. And when you got to break Have any other habits today? It's more painful than ever now for people to change their habits. Why? Because we have an entire society and culture that's justifying people's habits. Yep. Why is ozempic so popular? It's not against anybody who uses those epic. But I'm saying it's because you can get the result without having to change all of the habits as much as you did before. And now I'm noticing like, even personal trainers are using it as like a way to kickstart people's motivation. That's like, okay, let's lose the weight with this. And then let's wean you off of it with that habit change. I was like, You know what, that's actually kind of a cool approach if somebody learns how to do that the right way. Right. Right. But, yeah,

[1611:04] Sue McGarvie: so I think that, you know, I certainly heard it with Britney and I heard it with Adele is is the structure somehow, like, again, I'm stuck on it, I keep waiting for Okay, here's the year here, you get it, but it's, I'm gonna try and fiddle it with the, as I said, try and get the net number. And I'm way further than I was, you know, six months ago. Yeah. But still, I'm still stuck on, you know, I get these landing pages. And then I've got like, seven landing pages. And I'm like, how do they tie together? Whereas Yeah, well,

[1618:38] Speaker 0: that's so that's one thing is you'll kind of, I like to only use like one or two landing pages at the most at a time, I just kind of like, get rid of the old ones. Yeah, because I'm like, Okay, I haven't, I'm going to use this one. Now, from now on, I'm gonna use this one over here. And so then that's the one I'm gonna start sending everybody to, because we're going to start testing that one out.

[1624:20] Sue McGarvie: And then you take those cars, because it takes me a while to get Facebook to approve a lineup approve a website that I'm going to because I can't use the word dating in any of them, it has to be really clean. And I have those pixels. And from those pixels, I want to do conversion and look alike ads. And as you said, I want to do what did you call it you call in.

[1629:51] Speaker 0: Now the cool thing about the pixel is you can build convert, you can build look alike, audiences with all of the data from your pixel. Okay, so it doesn't just have to be from one action, it could be from all of the data on your pixel, right.

[1633:29] Sue McGarvie: And then and then you've talked about something called the purchase, purchase conversion ad, which you've not mentioned before. So it's

[1635:07] Speaker 0: like we were doing like lead conversion, where we run it to where they convert as a lead. What I'm looking for is I'm trying to you can tell it to convert for more purchases for the low ticket purchase,

[1638:02] Sue McGarvie: okay, so and then make and then make those and then go to those people and then make that audience look alike. And that should be

[1640:00] Speaker 0: your warm, I would just retarget to anybody who visits the offer overall. And build a look alike of just all the people who jump into that the goal is have about 1000 of those people. But the the here's the reason why we're using that is it's going to show ads to people that are more likely to be a good fit for what you're selling at that stage anyways, rather than the algorithm can kind of spiral off into giving you really low end people. Here's a great example, again, the Rick pinos offer, he had this free offer right here, but he said one word and that he said him and his wife used to live in Section Eight housing. And now everybody that they got the leads, they were all in Section Eight housing, because the algorithm started finding people that like, for some reason, were on their last dollar, like one guy called into a sales call. He was like, he lived in his car and pooped in a bucket. Like, once you know, and then there's like, we can't sell this guy at $12,000 coaching, bro, he's not even, you know, know, the like, the algorithm you it's how will we get the ads to find us the right people, is by tuning it to show to people based on the intent and the action they take. So if somebody so again, if we're if we have our upsell. The goal of that, again, is not I'm going to give all this value to somebody in this upsell. It's it's really, it's more to tell the algorithm find me more people that are more likely to take me up on this upsell offer. So I might run an ad like get more clients with your Facebook ads. And then I might have an upsell that says I'm going to walk you through the process of creating the perfect Facebook ad that generate six figures that'd be my upsell sounds like the same thing that they sign up for for free. But because I attached to a price to it, and I changed the words around a little bit now it sounds like something different. And instead of it being 12 minutes long, it might be 330 minute trainings. It's gonna be 330 minute trainings

[1674:16] Sue McGarvie: I'm more interested in doing what you're doing, which is the monthly fee. Yeah, I'm thinking I'm gonna do this $99 course well,

[1676:14] Speaker 0: yeah. And so all of these are basically the lead people that whatever that monthly is. These are just to get the algorithm to pull the right people into your ecosystem. Okay. We'll see how it goes. Because otherwise, I'm just sending people to a monthly thing. The chances of them buying into something that's monthly without even knowing who you are spending time with you going through that very low, because it's like, it's faster than speed dating and you're asking them to basically marry you. Right?

[1684:55] Sue McGarvie: So it is, but it's three steps enough. Like if I say, okay, you've come to the podium, I think three steps for the 12. You've listened to the 12 minutes. Now you signed up for a three to $7, you know, personalized course. Now, I want to sell you that $99 Is that enough? Or do I need?

[1689:45] Speaker 0: I think so. Definitely. Okay. The right person. Yeah. In the 12 minute thing, you also do mention the thing that you have for sale, the membership. So you don't ever hide that from the first step. They know you have something like this. Okay. So every time they see Sue, they're thinking in their mind, oh, she has this membership. Okay, because I think that's what a lot of people they, they, they attach themselves into a goal that they would like to go into with you. And so when we mentioned, oh, I have this membership. This is where the most transformation comes from all of that. People automatically in their mind every time they see you as Oh, I'd love to be a part of that. Okay. Like every time I see Russell Brunson, I just think of Click Funnels, which Click Funnels, even though it's software is essentially a $297 month membership program. It's paying a $297 month membership to get access to a tool. And it's crappy.

[1704:50] Sue McGarvie: It is it's a crappy Oh,

[1705:10] Speaker 0: my level is a lot better for sure.

[1705:51] Sue McGarvie: I just finished this book which I desperate to send you. i It was it's it to me it was the one of the best books I've read this year. Last year was the way the wolf but this year is this one. It's called the brand story by

[1709:20] Speaker 0: by Donald Miller. Donald, I need to check that out. You know, for years, I had a lot of people, it

[1710:56] Sue McGarvie: was really helpful. And so that piece, and what they say is if you use too many calories, trying to understand something, you will lose them. And that's what I find about Click Funnels. I like I got to the point where I'm like, I'm a following this. I'm done. I'm out. Yeah. And then we had that whole conversation about I thought he was yeah, it was, you know, it was not it was fairly religiously focused. And from somebody coming from a secular background that was really like, yeah, I gotcha. So that was my two. Those are my two issues with Russell Brunson. So, you know, he's bright guy. But that, but it was too confusing. So he's selling him not the software.

[1722:07] Speaker 0: Well, but it sells a lot, it makes him a lot of money. So his process works, his process works. His process is exactly what I'm talking about here. In that process of even like selling yourself, because that's really what it is, is your, your system, I have no doubt it's great. We got to get I think even more it is selling CEU to people and selling why they need to spend more time with you. Okay, because that's, that's how I feel even about like what I do. And here is again, my biggest thing I need to do more of that I'm getting I'm even getting better at is like selling myself to people when I just meet them for the first time, you know,

[1732:40] Sue McGarvie: so you need a bunch of video testimonials from all of us to go. This is why you need to see Jeremiah like again. It was Yeah, you get all embarrassed when I say this, but your mom's conversation and her video talking about you. Yeah, was you know, so if you had about six of us, including your mom doing this, you wouldn't have to talk about it. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Jeremiah. Appreciate that. You

[1739:04] Speaker 0: bet. All right. Awesome. All right. Let's see anybody else. Any other questions here. Before we wrap up our q&a time here today. Here's the thing, a lot of what I've been talking about here, it's not much different than what everything I've been talking about for the last two years, it's just the length of the videos a little bit different, the stuff you say is going to be almost exactly the same. We just kind of shorten it up the copy side of its headlines, or the same way that you build out your headlines and all that. So yep. And that's what I'm that's what we're going into over the next six months here. I told you over the last six months, we're going to start really kind of moving in this direction. And now we're going into I'm going to show you how to implement this. That's why I'm creating a I just came up with the graphics for it. today. We're gonna do a Squarespace course on how like you build out that and Squarespace and then we're also going to do a go high level one as well. So I'm going to show you all the technical sides of building out the funnel here in those two so that's going to be coming in the members area as far as it goes. All right. All right, everybody. Um, see. We're gonna log off here. Looks like it looks like Tiffany had a question but she had to go to work. I do. I do show Are for oh yeah I already answered that you go awesome All right y'all have a good one talk to you next Monday

