CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-04-08T19:19:40.000Z
Duration: 125 min
Otter ID: 5D0ivFCNTO52EXVMN6p9JPCDhWc
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: All right

[2:58] Speaker 0: Hello, hello. Welcome on in. Hope you're doing well.

[5:44] Speaker 1: Right

[6:54] Speaker 2: invitation invitation.

[8:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, join the live training on zoom here. They get rid of this streaming API we have to figure something out. happened in like a week or so.

[13:26] Speaker 2: Didn't turn to doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.

[14:54] Speaker 3: All right. How y'all doing?

[16:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Happy Monday, everybody. Or as I've been jokingly calling it happy here in the United States eclipse mageddon Because they're all making this whole big deal about it being the Eclipse and all that. We're and I am in the zone of 100% totality of the eclipse. It's where I live right now. Well, can you hear me? Now audio coming through?

[25:40] Speaker 3: Y'all let me know if you hear me. I can hear you. I can hear you. Awesome. So yeah, so tomorrow is my wife's birthday. And yeah, Denise, I'm so sorry. I forgot to block that on the calendar. She was like, Hey, you're not as soon as you scheduled. She texted me. She's like, Yeah, that's not happening. It's funny. No worries, you guys. I figured I figured you you would be able to understand. But make sure to get something on the calendar, if you haven't yet.

[34:04] Speaker 4: I did. I did. I have to go to town. So it won't be till the 18th. But that's

[35:21] Speaker 3: right. Yes. I saw that. Yeah.

[36:23] Speaker 4: Tell her happy birthday for me.

[37:20] Speaker 0: Well, right.

[38:34] Speaker 3: So today, we are going to talk about a few things that I've shared with my VIP fall, Saturday. And again, you don't need to watch through that whole thing. I'm going to kind of give you all the Reader's Digest version, because I figured out something that I have not been able to figure out for about five years. When it comes to helping you guys with your sales, copy your ads, and all that plenty, I want to make it like 10 times easier to write your sales, copy your ads, your offers, have focus and all of that. So as we know, and you've heard, and I'm gonna say some things that I would bet you've heard before, from other mentors or coaches, but I'm going to give context that I think they all left out. I find oftentimes, like I hear these, like, you've been in the online space for a while you hear these mentors and coaches with like, the like, great advice, you know, as far as what they say is like, it'll change your life. And then like, for me, I'm like, yeah, that none of that changed my life. So it was missing a certain context that I didn't understand that I've been, I've like, like, okay, let's put it this way. If somebody told you, it's so easy to make six figures, and then it took you 25 years to figure out what that definition of easy is to them. And you're like, well, if only they had just kind of told me that on day one, it wouldn't have taken me 25 years. That's how I felt as far as this goes. And here's the thing, no matter what, wherever you're at in life, we all have different ways that we learn different ways that we view the world around us. Um, but if you're in this group, I feel like we kind of have gotten to a point where we at least have like a way you guys understand me we have an understanding as far as how I teach and things like that. Um, there's something that I have done by accident that my mom I realized it on purpose that I thought was so silly for years and was told by so many mentors that I had that it was the stupidest thing that anybody could ever do. Which is so interesting. That one of the very things that my mom literally was like, This is what I do to be successful that every other mentor that I ever had told me Jeremiah, that's the stupidest dumbest crap you could ever do. It isn't that interesting. And so that's what I find is I find that there's like, polarization, when it comes to what's taught out there about building our businesses and being able to connect with people and, and things like that. There's never seems to be in agreement or some kind of unified understanding about what it takes to grow an email list. Great content on social media, attract clients, and close sales, just it seems like you literally could learn from 10 different people that all claim to do the same stuff that I teach, and we're all going to teach you at very different. That's enough to make somebody feel like they're going crazy, isn't it a little bit, you know. And so what I want to do is, I want to kind of streamline some of that for you. How many of y'all have ever heard that your environment helps create your outcomes. We all have heard that before. Right. And yet, we know at the same time, especially if you have been a survivor of a tough upbringing, an abusive relationship, that you are stronger than your environment, right? Like we understand the juxtaposition of these things, but you can be stronger than your environment. And what I've learned is that it's actually not black or white, one or the other. It's both at the same time. And in fact, those are the people that I find are the most successful is the is the resilient ones, the ones who have been to hell and back, and come out the other side with joy and happiness on their face. And that was something that I found that I struggled with for so long. And if you guys came in this program, even like a year ago, you know, my energy and my mood hasn't been consistent. One of the number one things that I've heard from people over the last two years for me is Jeremiah, you know, you got great content, you're just not consistent. And I'm like, interesting, because I show up every week, I am always on time I have a podcast. But what they meant was, it wasn't that what I was doing wasn't consistent, or even that when I was teaching wasn't consistent. It was the energy that I was showing up with wasn't consistent. And I was like, Oh, well, you know, that's a horse of a different color right there. That's, you know, it's like, you know, some days I might be happy other days, I'm angry other days, all this and I realized why that is, in the last week. It's just like, it just all kind of like hit me with a ton of bricks. And I got this crazy lesson. And then it all started going. And it started making sense to me. These things that I wish that I knew that almost every mentor that I have personally worked with, because there's a difference between mentors you see on social media, and those that you personally work with how many y'all know that you see social media content that has quotes or phrases, or things that it's like, oh, this is a great mentor. They're a great person, but it's to their mass audience for engagement on social media. And then you end up getting into a conversation with them. They're like, Oh, well, yeah. That might not apply to your situation, maybe it's a little bit more nuanced. It's a little bit different things like that. So how many of y'all have noticed that sometimes? Good advice isn't always one size fits all. Right. You know, I mean, and yeah, it doesn't mean that it's bad advice, either. You know, it's because we live in this existence that's multi dimensional. It's not black or white thinking. And yeah, if you're, if you grew up like I did, I grew up being told that everything is either black or white, logical. There's either well, right or wrong way extremes, things like that. It's either light or dark. It's either good or evil. It's either, you know, healthy or unhealthy. And I actually just made a post this morning, where I said, that a lack of integrity and and I guess consistency is really the word I was looking for. Not even an integrity is often caused by extremism in one direction or another. A balance and understanding the multi dimensional thinking of our reality is this grace and truth, light and dark, whimsical play, and illogical discipline. Right? And you hear how often I talk about, let's be playful and things like that. Because what comes out of that is an incredible ability for you to be creative. At the same time. If all you do is play all day, you're never going to make any money. You're never gonna be able to pay your bills, you're gonna be like the, you're gonna be like the teenager, that is just, they just got their driver's license, and they can't stay on the road. You know what I mean? And, and it's like, I was talking to my wife. She's just incredible. One of the most, she's like, she's just the wisest, most beautiful, amazing woman that I know. And I'm just obsessed with her on every possible level. And she likes that, because, you know, that's, that's why I married her. And she married me because I was obsessed with her, is really what it is. And and I realized that she's been trying to help me understand this for a long time. That it's not one way or the other. You know, we're not all going to even agree on the same things. If we all sat down in a room, and we talked about what we think about the world around us, I doubt that we would all agree, we know that. But that's not what this conversation is about. What I want to tell you is how to bring all of that into alignment for you to be able to reach your target client, the fastest, simplest and easiest way possible, right? We talked about this a little bit, a couple of weeks ago on our copywriting call. And a couple of y'all said, Oh, wow, that was a really crazy breakthrough that I got. But remember, I said about, like, music and setting a certain vibe for your copy and things like that, and all that. Well, I started experimenting a little bit with that concept. And then I started going deeper and deeper and deeper into it. And I started figuring out something that my mom taught me that I did not even realize was happening. And she does this even to this day, you know, we're about to go on our cruise. And she's she's been asking me and my brothers, my wife, like about our favorite foods and different movies and TV shows that we're watching right now. And what are some of our favorite songs that we're listening to why? Because what it is, is my mom is bringing her frequency into alignment with her family with her sons and her daughters in law.

[194:47] Speaker 3: By watching the TV shows that we're all watching by listening to the same music by consuming the same foods. And what's really fun is like for the last two weeks, I've been just listening to Caribbean salsa music constantly. We're about to go on a Caribbean cruise next week. And so what it is I've been literally getting myself into the state of mind of going to the Caribbean as far as that goes. I mean even like what I have on right now it's this whole kind of it's a Hawaiian shirts, I just had on a salsa 2024 playlist before I came on here. And I realize like that's even the vibe that I want to bring across when it comes to our group here. fun, dancing, having fun, but you know this, how many y'all have ever danced salsa music, not only is it fun and whimsical, but it's very calculated, and strategic, so that you don't trip all over yourself as far as that goes. And that's such a great picture of your funnels of our coaching of all of that. And And again, if we talk about like the vibe of like just dancing to some great salsa music as far as this goes, just like having fun and doing that. That is what I believe this group is all about when we can operate on our best level as far as this goes. Okay. What I encourage people to do is this is I noticed something that I did by accident with some of my best clients. So my best clients. And when I talk about best clients, I'm talking about like they've made over $10 million. Okay. So somebody that I did with my best clients that were making over 10 million that I've never talked to this group before.

[224:28] Speaker 3: How many I want to know what that is. The problem is, is this is that you if you're not making $10 million,

[227:07] Speaker 3: the advice that I would give to somebody that's making 10 million doesn't really apply to somebody that wants to make their first 10,000 Because there's different levels of things to do. Okay, so the number one thing that everybody here in this group, we need to make sure that we're doing is growing our email list and connecting with new people on a regular basis, getting into what I call facilitated conversations and connection. Okay, so facilitated conversations and connection. It's something that I define, you know, there very broad sense. How many y'all know that like you could call your best friend on the phone do y'all do y'all have a good friend that you could call on The phone. And if they're not available within a week, like they'll call you back, and you can find a time to just have a nice 1530 minute conversation with them. And it's fun and it's exciting and it lights your world. If you don't have that in your life, that's it, I understand the pain of that, that pain of loneliness of not having anybody that you that you're friends with, that you can talk to in that way. And that's something that is unfortunately, you know, I always thought, well, people, that just means that I'm not a good enough person, and people are rejecting me and all of that, I didn't realize you actually have to go out there and be intentional to create friends. You have to go out there and intentionally cultivate the friendship. And so I'll tell you all this, if you're somebody who maybe you don't have any friends, or you'd like some friendship is one of the number one things that's going to actually help you when it comes to creating your business. Okay, whether it be people that are your family, whether it be your clients, whether it be people from church, it could literally just be somebody that you see all the time at the grocery store when you go, but you have like a friendship with them, or some kind of an acquaintance ship with somebody where you just your heart sings when you whenever you talk to them? Do any of y'all have that with anybody in your life? Okay, is there anybody here who doesn't have that at all and wishes that you did? And you, you just you really feel a very high level of total loneliness where there's nobody in your life that you can talk to engage with? You have no friends? Well, I'll tell you this. This group right here, the Facebook group, and in the accelerator group, is an example of at least something that you do have access to and maybe you've not thought of it that, okay. So I want you to understand that there can be a camaraderie and a friendship inside of this Facebook group that can be developed just by simply commenting back with somebody. The ability to just ask people questions, and not be afraid of them judging you, thinking bad of you thinking ill of you trying to cancel you trying to shut you down and things like it's very helpful and healthy as far as that goes. Okay. So here's what I here's what I encourage is that when it comes to creating your sales copy, when it comes to creating your content, one of the number one things that I always did with my best clients, and I started by doing this with Danny Johnson, I did this with my mom, I did this with Rick Pitino I did this with any client that I worked with, that I wrote copy ran ads for, and help them on a very deep level. And I can tell you that I even have there's a few people that have been in the accelerator group here. Simply because they end up offering up this information, I'm able to really do this, and it helps me help them better. We talked the past couple of weeks about how like engaging with play and having fun, whether it be video games, books, movies, where do you like to hang out? Is there a community that you like? Is there a grocery store? Is there a is there a department store? Is there a brand? Or are there brands that you feel happy when you engage with and what's interesting is we live in an interesting culture right now that is actually starting to demonize brand loyalty. Where it's like almost seen as like, you're stupid if you're loyal to a certain brand. Oh, I love Disney. Well, you're just one of those sheep that stupid because you're loyal to Disney. You're one of those sheep. That's just stupid because you love Taylor Swift. Maybe you have a music artists that you love. Maybe there's Oh, you're just stupid because you listen to Netflix. We have these messages that are literally going on in our culture today that I see in the personal development community that tells people Oh, you just got to be disciplined and focused and do and it's like, honestly, it reminds me 100% of the church that I grew up in that that isolated us we weren't allowed to talk to anybody be friends with anybody do anything outside of the community that we were in and quite frankly, I find that to be like coming out of that it's very scary. You don't feel like you can you're like you're safe in the world around you. And, and unfortunately, that's what I find happens instead of a lot of different coaching environments that I have worked very, very hard to not create inside of this group here. As a sort of cultic cult like following where you are, I tell you guys, you know, don't listen to any other trainers, any other coaches, any other people that are out there that are teaching anything different than what I share as far as this goes. And I've worked really hard to not make sure that I'm like, have such a grip to control how everybody's doing everything inside of here and all that. That goes. I've been studying something around language with artificial intelligence. And there is a consensus that's starting to pop up in our world today, that language is evolving into something different than it's always been artificial intelligence is starting to use language in a way that has been better than say human beings have been able to for years. And that makes humans feel very uncomfortable, that a robot can do better at things than we can. And so what are what is something that a robot can't do, currently, that people are very good at. Creating an environment. Setting a vibe, setting a tone, tapping into a frequency, a spirit of something, because there is not a spirit currently inside of artificial intelligence. And when I talk about spirit, I'm not talking about necessarily like God, or the Bible or anything like that. I don't I don't I personally, that's probably one of the last things that I want to talk about when it comes to spirit. Let's go back to the salsa music thing when you if you listen to certain music for about 30 to 60 minutes, it shifts the tone and the atmosphere and the feeling that you're feeling in the room that you're in and how you show up. Especially if you really start to let your body start to flow with the music and things like that. I frequently listen to salsa music and Latino music with my son. He loves it because it's the best state of mind that I can get into to play with him. And he starts vibing and having fun, and we're dancing and me and my son and we're just having a great time doing this. And this has been in our home for like the last two weeks as far as this goes. And then I realized something that I've always done with my clients, my best clients, I figure out what are their favorite types of music? What are my clients favorite TV shows? What are their favorite books? What's their favorite foods? What are the favorite things that my clients like to engage with? And by the way, it might not be something that I enjoy at all very much. But it helps me get an understanding to have better empathy quicker for their life experience as far as that goes. Okay. And so for instance, like Rick Pino, when I was working with Rick, there's a certain type of music that Rick likes, by the way, it's not worship music at all, some of y'all would be surprised to know that it's actually a certain it's a like a positive motivational gangster rap. It was what was what Rick is, like, really loves as far as that goes. I'm like Young Jeezy and things like that a con stuff like that. Okay. Um, there's a certain type of movies that Rick likes. There's a certain type of TV shows, he would tell me all the time the TV shows and the books he was reading the music he was loving, and the video games he was playing Rick in fact, was a closet video gamer. He ended up buying arcade systems inside of his office that he would play NBA Jam and, and Ninja Turtles and, and Street Fighter and, and these in his office as far as this goes. So what I would do

[387:09] Speaker 3: to create the best ad campaigns and sales comp, to help Rick reach his audience, as I would listen to the same music, I would watch those TV shows and play the same video games. And I would get my brain waves if so to speak into alignment with thinking the way that Rick would and then it would help me understand his audience. Then I would go into listening to the type of music that his audience loves and what he was teaching certain types of worship music and things like that. And then what would happen is literally the perfect campaign to speak to that audience exactly in the way that they would respond. would pop up. Why would that happen? Because when it comes to certain forms of media and entertainment, we live in a world today that is bombarded and overwhelmed with entertainment, and we are taught these messages that it's a waste of time I saw a guy the other day yesterday. He's like, all entertainment is a waste of time. And I'm like, I literally commented back to him, I said, that's one of the dumbest things I've ever heard, I'm going to be honest with you. Because if you're writing sales, copy, and creating ads and creating marketing campaigns actually consuming the entertainment that your client does get you into the mindset of the client, to write better copy, create better content, create better campaigns, quicker than you would without it. And it was funny within like one sentence, I told him, I disagree. I think that that's actually a very dumb piece of advice. He immediately responded, he's like, You know what, actually, I think you're right. I was like, I know I'm right. Because that's literally how I write the best content. Over the last month or so, I've been figuring out what are the video games that my audience in my webinars loves a lot of them love Tetris, and PacMan. A lot of my audience has told me that they read Lord of the Rings and Chronicles of Narnia, a lot of them have told me they do like Zelda and Mario, and different things that they like and engage with. Now, it might be different for those of y'all that are in Mario Kart. Exactly. I literally, I've been playing Mario Kart like crazy. The last couple of, of weeks. It's interesting, the music of Mario Kart even has that sort of salsa, music, tone to it a little bit data, data that, that. And so, if we think about this, getting into a mindset in the state of mind, it's about exciting the senses in a way that allows you to connect with the audience that you're working with, you know, when I listened to Latin salsa music with my son, my son is actually part Spanish, Native American and Mexican. And then I'm not any of those things. So my wife is Spanish, Native American and Mexican. So her Latin roots go very, very deep with her family, and so will my son and I listened to that it's a direct connection to the culture of his ancestors, and being a descendant in in that world as far as that goes, Okay, so So for my son, that creates a connection with me and him and, and then when he loves his favorite person that says, grandpa, and that's the type of music that my son was listening to with his grandpa in the car, my wife's father. So I figured out okay, let's set the vibe, let's set the toll. Let's do that. And my son and I instantly are able to connect better by doing that. I'm gonna say this, some of y'all don't listen to enough music, you don't watch any entertainment. You're Not You don't read anything. And it might simply because you're in survival mode so much, you don't feel like you have enough time for it. You're just trying to survive. I get it. I understand. Right now we're all in survival mode. And you might have been listening to me for the last 30 minutes seeking Jeremiah is so out of touch with reality. Who the Flipped as he think he is to share any of this with us right now? Does he not even realize what people are going through? I do. Maybe not to the level that you're experiencing. But I'll tell you this. What's gonna help pull you out of that is learning to have fun, and do the things that you would do. If you weren't in survival mode, while you're in it, giving yourself strategic moments in time where you might not operate in them. And so when it comes to you, building your business, writing your sales, copy, creating your landing pages or your offers, here's what I encourage to full, okay. Figure out what sets the vibe and tone that you want in your household. You know, if I listened to and by the way, it just all depends on what I'm doing. If I'm organizing the house, I love to listen to like 90s 2000s A new metal music like hard rock, heavy metal, that gets me into an organization mode as far as that goes. But if I listened to that, and I tried to write sales copy, but by the way, one of my mentors, was obsessed with metal music, Danny Johnson's husband. And that was the type of music that got him into the best state of mind. So I was always trying to be like him for years, by listening to this type of music to get into the state of mind that he is. And he's a fighter. He's a, he's a, he's a martial arts expert as far as that goes. But that's not really what gets me into the best state of mind. And so what I realized is, I got to learn to set the tone for my household. So my wife and I, we have two different types, three different types of music that we had been listening to for the longest time. Country music and there's Listen, there's different types of country music, you got the my girl love me, my dog left me I lost my car, or you got the like, we're creating our dream life, we got all of this I prefer the dreaming type of country music and all that, that's all positive things like that. My wife prefers the more nostalgic reminiscent type of like, you know, type of country music, we kind of sort of vacillate between the two as far as that goes. But sometimes, if we're, if we're cleaning, or we want to set a different mood or tone, we might turn on Miley Cyrus or Taylor Swift, or some kind of pop music, that reminds us of when we were 10 years younger, as far as that goes. So I want you to think about is there a type of music that really just whenever you listen to it, you feel happy.

[507:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: You feel just, you got a little bit more pep in your step. As far as that goes, start listening to that more often when you go out there to create your sales copy. Now, here's what I would encourage, be careful if that type of music puts you into nostalgia. Okay? The selja is a hell of a drug. Be careful with nostalgia, it will it numbs your brain out and makes you forget what you're doing. When you're in survival mode, the number one thing that you are probably going to want to do is go into nostalgia.

[519:12] Speaker 3: Because it's sort of like a mental opiate for the mind. Thinking about and reminiscing on the past and how things used to be. And so when I always found is, whenever I'm in survival mode, I end up going very deep into nostalgia. And then it helps me forget the pain that I'm experiencing. And by the way, that's not necessarily a terrible thing. Sometimes there's a time and place for that. But be aware of if you're doing that if you're going into nostalgia, right with the music or the things that you're listening to, because then when you go out there to try to write sales copy or things like that, you're going to almost go blank and forget about what you're actually doing. So what I would look for is find a certain type of music that you feel excited or happy. And what I found was it for me, it's the type of music that I can read a book to. And then I can actually focus on the book that I'm reading while I listen to that type of music. For me that there's two, there's two genres of music, it's either going to be Middle Eastern, kind of like I looked up a playlist, it was hits from Saudi Arabia and the Middle East, or salsa music and I have somewhat of a similar tone to them a little bit. But, but that type of music, just I can listen to and I'm just very productive. When that goes on as far as that goes, okay. And that correlates to just different. I'm just the type of vibe that I really want to have come across have confidence and happiness and joy and connection and family and things like that. And for some reason, those are the two types of music that really connected with that, but they don't tap me into nostalgia. When I listen to them, they get me more into a forward thinking type of mindset. Okay, so then what I like to do is I'll put on a movie, I figured out a way in my brain to think about and remember, when I'm listening to certain types of music, I get pictures in my mind. And usually it's movies and I might have a different type of music come into my mind or things like that. So then what I do when I want to write sales copy or I set the intention of okay, I want to write this sales letter right here for this type of client. So this is my process that I taught to everybody on the call the other day to help with using chat CBT and writing sales copy I'll turn on some music that gets me happy and excited. And then I'll start thinking about the sales copy that I want to write.

[562:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what ends up happening is my brain does start spinning, it starts buzzing, it starts getting ADHD, crazy all over the place. So the way that I bring it into alignment to write really, really good sales copy, as I figure out the pattern of my thoughts,

[567:15] Speaker 3: I figure out what do all of these thoughts that are buzzing through my head all have in common? So I set the intention for the sales copy that I'm writing. Okay. So okay, I want to write a sales letter, or an email. Let's take email, because I did this this morning. And it's the most immediate example of me doing this effectively that I have in my mind. Okay.

[574:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I set the intention, this morning to write an email to send on my list to promote my three day intensive and what I wanted it to accomplish to get people to register.

[578:13] Speaker 3: Then I started listening to some music. Immediately, certain things started popping in my head of a type of movie that I wanted to watch. I sort of watching that movie, as far as that goes on Netflix while I was washing dishes in my so I had my my iPhone up your while I'm washing dishes in my kitchen. For some reason, that just works for me. I've always done that. I've always watched movies while I either fold the laundry. I'll usually listen to podcasts while I'm vacuuming, things like that. I'll be doing something else while I'm doing certain tasks that I don't enjoy doing. And it gets me to be able to do them much more efficiently because I'm not so focused on doing them.

[591:13] Speaker 3: How many y'all when it comes to writing your sales copy? It's like pulling teeth to get you to show up to do it.

[593:30] Speaker 3: How many all when it comes to creating your Facebook ads or launching your ads or creating video ads? It's like the scariest thing. What about creating content for your social media? What about putting Facebook group together, scheduling your emails in MailChimp using software tools that you're unfamiliar with, okay, so for all of us, it's different things as far as that goes, that we end up doing and that we end up feeling this sort of pain inside of us of like, Oh, I just can't seem to focus. Okay. I'll tell you what those things are. For me, it's organizing my house. It's washing dishes. It's doing the things that are just normal, everyday tasks that a human adult should do. But I don't have that issue when it comes to writing email content or creating social media content or using software tools. So you notice some of you, even by me saying that, maybe you're judging me as well. You sound like a flippin idiot, Jeremiah, how do you even manage to live your life? Okay, listen, I understand maybe that's the rhetoric that you've been taught about people that are unfocused and undisciplined with organizing their house because that is the messaging in our life. We live in a world today that labels people as certain things based on their behavior, oh, you can't stop Stop stuffing donuts down your throat. Well, you're just a fat hog. That's a stupid idiot, who probably just you know deserve to have a heart attack. How many have heard that type of rhetoric before? That rhetoric is being sold to us by big pharma, and television commercials and movies and TV and social media all day long? To get you hooked and addicted on products like ozempic

[624:18] Speaker 3: and weight loss products. You know, it's interesting. What I'm teaching you right now. Big Pharma has mastered this game to find the right drug for every single person. And you want to know the number one largest advertiser on all forms of media, it's Big Pharma.

[634:13] Speaker 3: And how does big pharma advertise well, they can't advertise their drugs and everything. So what they do is they advertise a lifestyle that will cause you to need their drugs

[639:05] Speaker 3: a lot of that is invested in that way as far as that goes. It's multi dimensional as far as that goes to push these drugs and things like that on the people. Now, we live in an interesting world where personal development has started to learn from big pharma.

[643:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a coaching program for everybody's problem. Why? Because what is a coaching program and the membership and a subscription and the course, but a mental

[647:53] Speaker 3: version of what the drug industry and the medical industry have been doing for people for so long, it alleviates pain and makes you feel good. It gives you the knowledge that you need and it helps empower you to live the life that you want to live. How many y'all get pissed off? When you read about the way that Big Pharma? And listen, it's not a conspiracy theory anymore? If you how many y'all think it's a conspiracy theory that big pharma uses advertising to basically hook you on their drugs? If you think so? Probably maybe because you're in that industry. Maybe you're in the medical industry. Because what they what they've done is anybody who's in that industry, they've basically tried to teach you that what you're doing is not bad. Because otherwise, if you think that it's bad, you won't do it. Okay, that's not bad. In fact, taking care of people is not bad. The health industry, by the way, health coaching is the most lucrative coaching industry, the health industry, yes. Health Coaching, it's because we think about humanity, what is it other than safety and security, and it taps right into all of our primal motivations is held. That make sense, was the number one thing that everybody in the world ended up in some way adjusting their life for? It happened between 2019 and 2020.

[673:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: It was a global

[674:32] Speaker 3: pandemic. And what's interesting is, is that a lot of us would like to forget that time period that happened, I pay attention to it, and I paid attention to what's happened over the last four years. And listen, I'm not a big fan of conspiracy theories. I think it's crazy how many of them end up turning into being reality. But what I do is this Adele says it was a global scam

[681:18] Speaker 3: Adele I think it was a brilliant marketing campaign that we need to learn from and the problem is is that oftentimes the things that anger us

[685:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: are the very reason why we struggle to do the thing that we're called to do. If you take a look at what happened during the global pandemic, and if you take a look at what's happening in politics right now, those are probably two things right now oh by the way, the whole pandemic was connected to the last election which we had the same freakin candidates

[693:19] Speaker 3: deja vu all over again not I'm saying like that's why we're having this conversation right now. Because we can all look at the pain that we experienced in some form or another during that time period right. The election season politics is painful. We look at what all the candidates are doing and quite frankly, I look at all of them and I'm just like

[701:14] Speaker 3: you know the one that's the best at marketing and storytelling is the one that's going to win

[703:24] Speaker 3: right now I look at that's what that's what Joe Biden's doing he's got the best marketing right

[705:25] Speaker 3: I got friends who are strategists for right right wing candidates. And and they're like yeah, like you know, the Democratic candidates are rocking it when it comes to their marketing and the storytelling

[710:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: because all you got going on in the right wing is it's angry as grumpy it's like you know, nobody wants that or has any got like whimsical cool like Joe Biden just made a post today about the about the Eclipse and like he's sitting on the he's on the

[715:01] Speaker 3: sea I literally just saw like, two SEC Oh, yeah, it's right here on my feed right here

[718:24] Speaker 3: bonus, here we go. He's got his Eclipse class. That's I like this is brilliant content for social media today.

[722:12] Speaker 3: Absolutely brilliant. And yet, what's interesting is I know a lot of people that I'm even friends with that literally would get angry at that pose.

[727:07] Speaker 3: And be like, it's just pure evil. He's you almost like no, it's brilliant. It's amazing marketing. That's incredible. Because it taps right into the common experience that everybody's experiencing right now. The, I think the eclipse is about to start in about 30 minutes, right? Pretty soon here, it's going to start and begin right now I live in the 100% coverage zone for it. So it's gonna go pitch black here, around 130. I mean, like, that's, that's gonna be crazy experience, I'm gonna, I got some glasses, we're gonna go look at it and all that, that how many y'all have been seeing on your social media, just nonstop content about the Eclipse depending on where you're at, because if you're where I live, the social media algorithm knows that I live in Texas, in Austin, where it's 100% coverage zone. So what they're trying to do is the algorithms have been just showing me that content constantly. Just set a vibe and an atmosphere. And all I've been seeing is all kinds of crazy content about the It's almost exactly the same as what we were seeing during COVID. makes, you know, don't go out the grocery stores are gonna be slammed, you got to make sure you stock up on them just like what? Because what they're doing is they're doing exactly what, who was it that first set it? Don't ever let a good crisis go to waste? Well, a lot of people have said that. You never want a serious crisis go to waste.

[755:35] Speaker 3: That's the world we live in. And we can get angry at that. Or we can say, you know, what? How can I learn? To utilize the very best marketing in the world and apply it to my business in a positive way. So what we see right now is whenever a big crisis happens, how many y'all remember 911?

[762:45] Speaker 3: Right, that was huge. And we all we all in the back of our mind, remember code.

[765:00] Speaker 3: It was brilliant for the stock market for marketing. It was the biggest gift for billionaires, because most of them quadrupled their wealth. During COVID. They were able to buy stocks at pennies on the dollar and reorganize the ownership of almost all of the companies in the world today. I mean, my mom was smart, she was able to jump in on it and take advantage and she was able to grow her net worth and realize, you know, what? Does that make my mom evil? Some people would say yes. You know, there's a TV show that I absolutely love called billions. I mean, I've seen that TV show billions. It's actually one of the best TV shows when it comes to understanding storytelling. And I was watching the show, it actually came out when I during one of our most successful periods of marketing with my mom and her business, if you just watched the first four or five seasons of the show, it's just absolutely one of the best, most brilliant forms of storytelling that I've ever seen. And the backstory is this the main character, you want to know how he became a billionaire. It was during 911 When he figured out how to trade, the Fireman's Fund, on stocks of airline companies. And he ended up getting cancelled because of that, because he took advantage of the crisis that was happening to become wealthy. He took advantage of what was going on in the marketplace

[795:58] Speaker 3: and that's one of the number one things that we can either get angry at or we can realize that there are brilliant lessons that we can learn today. For our email marketing for our offers for how we communicate with people and I've talked about this quite often. But what I realized was I had a I had quite a bit of anger and animosity towards people that do this for the longest time, and it was stopping me from being able to actually teach this very well. To my audience. How many of you have heard me say, when you're writing your sales copy in your emails, you got to get specific? What is the problem? What is the pain point? What is the struggle? What is the frustration? Right? We have a book here called The Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy, I teach about this book, all that

[811:03] Speaker 3: getting into the customer, this is just page number one, the first step to writing sales copy. And by the way. For any of you right here, I need you to listen to me right now, what I'm about to say I need you to focus. At this moment in time, I'm going to say something that if you don't get this, you might as well just give up on your entire business. Please hear what I'm about to say. Okay. Is everybody engaged right now watching this?

[819:50] Speaker 3: Please, hello. Are we engaged? Are we checked out? Are we not hear what's going on?

[822:38] Speaker 1: We got three four people.

[824:35] Speaker 3: By the way, when I just did right now, kind of bringing the engagement back here, I used to judge with a lot of hatred, coaches that would do that to their students that were trying to bring focus to the conversation, I thought it was a form of high level manipulation. interested. And yet, the best mentors do that. They bring focus back to the conversation, when important things are about to be said. And yet my own judgment was preventing me from doing the very, very things that were going to make me an effective coach and effective mentor and an effective leader is learning how to bring focus to my conversation. When I'm saying hard things tough things will important things. As far as that goes.

[840:20] Speaker 3: You have to understand what makes your target client? Yes, certain anchor words, you want to write this down.

[844:00] Speaker 3: I was taught for years, that using anchor words like you want to write this down is a deep form of mental abuse to people and manipulation. That was a very deep form of bringing harm to people mentally. And it's interesting that as a mentor, and as a coach, those were things that I didn't do. If you watch back through my trainings, and coaching and all that, as I don't use certain anchor words, that if you're taught how to teach, and coach and mentor, were taught to do that, and I didn't for the longest time and I'm still getting better at it. Because I had so much judgment for those that mistreated me and abused and hurt me that I refused to do the positive things that actually were helpful with my clients, and in my marketing, because of the anger, and even deep hatred that I had for people that taught them that did those. So I want you to become very, very aware of what makes you super, super angry, and frustrated. Or as Dan Kennedy calls it. What I want you to become very deeply aware of what keeps you up at night with indigestion boiling up to your esophagus, eyes wide open, staring at the ceiling, terrified, angry, frustrated, wishing it was different. Dreaming of and desiring secretly that you could go out there to be the superhero that changes everything. And you can infiltrate into those places to be able to bring change where others have failed. Is there something in your life that you wish that you could have the power that Elon Musk or Jeff Bezos or Mark Zuckerberg or even Joe Biden, or Donald Trump house. I want you to think a thought experiment real quick, if you were a billionaire, and by the way, this is a thought experiment that I have always gotten into. And whenever I do my best content flows out of this TV show billions is one of the best ways for me that it got me into that mindset of what would I do if I was a billionaire?

[888:47] Speaker 3: How many of you ever let yourself think about that, if you had a billion dollars, what would you do with that? So I frequently will listen to podcast episodes and interviews with billionaires just to see how they think. What frequency they operate at all they talk about things differently, how they talk about the world around them. And I pay attention to strictly I will actually watch the billionaires that I get really, really angry at. And the politicians that I get really, really angry at the most the difficult thing is I can't even easily fathom how much money a billion that's, that's fine. I don't think you need to imagine how much it is. I want you to think about more what you could do. Maybe you think about the amount of money but I want you to think about like if I was Elon Musk or if I was Joe Biden or if I was Donald Trump. Or if I was Steve Jobs

[905:50] Speaker 3: Some of y'all if I was Jeremiah Krakowski or sandy Krakowski, what could I do with my marketing and business? Right? Right? Think about that. Put yourself into that state of mind what would Jeremiah do? You know, that was such a trend in the Christian circles for so long. What would Jesus do? I'm not drawing comparison to myself Jesus Christ a word. But But whenever I think about my favorite mentors, I think about well, what would they do if they were in my situation? And that could help you as far as it goes, well, what would Jeremiah do? What would Sandy Krakowski do if they were struggling to create this landing page or create this marketing?

[918:32] Speaker 3: And I want you to attach that directly to your business. Your market most of you have watched enough of my content that you can start to imagine well, what would Jeremiah think what would he say?

[923:58] Speaker 3: If he was reading the sales letter to my clients. And some of y'all can't even let your brain go there.

[927:00] Speaker 3: I understand it's okay. So that's where I want you to bring it right back around to your own life to do something that maybe you've never let yourself do in a long time. And answer this one question. Because the number one thing that billionaires do better than anybody else. It's not about power. If you think about being all mighty, and all powerful, because I mean, let's Alright, let's be honest here, billionaires, if there was ever anybody in our world today that has more power to do whatever the heck they want, at any given moment in time. It's a billionaire, right? I have a I have a friend who is a billionaire. And there's a different energy when I talk with him. He's one of the most amazing, humble people that I know, which is awesome. I love it. I just I just wish I could sit down and have more conversations. But he's busy, you know, I get it. But I love having conversations with him. And he loves talking with me whenever we do. And he's a big fan of my mom and he thinks she's incredible. He's always like, gosh, you know, your mom's amazing. She raised she raised you I can tell she's incredible. That's what he always like, well, thank you so much. I appreciate that. Now, he makes me feel incredible whenever I talk to him. That's one thing that I will actually tell you that billionaires are really good. They make everybody feel incredible when they talked. Because that's what they have learned to be able to lead people really well is to make people feel their very best at any given moment in time and I want you to answer this question for yourself. What do I want? If I could be selfish right now how many of y'all have been taught to not be selfish? Sad because there's a benefit to being selfish in small doses Did you really, really, really start to connect with yourself deeper? And quite frankly, I, it allows me to connect with God better. as well. As I think about what do I want? If I could just anything? Well, what do I want? I want to do this right now. And I want to go watch this movie. And I want to hang out with my wife and my son right here. And I want to play this video game. And I want to do this. And quite frankly, if we think about teenagers, teenagers do this the best, right? How many y'all know a 13 to 16 year old, right? They do whatever the flip they want at any given moment in time, whenever and they probably have some of the most narcissistic personality issues, but it's just because that's how they are. Right? They're not evil because of it. They just don't know any better. myself when I was a teenager. You know, it's probably the most narcissistic I ever was next to when I was two to three years old. If I look at my son, Halston. He's not meaning to be a narcissist. He's just one years old. But he knows what he wants at any given moment in time and you want to know what my wife and I do. We give it to him at all times. We do we give my son whatever he wants at all times. Unless it's going to hurt him. And that's where us as parents have wisdom. And we can say, okay, Halston. Will you go into play in the street, that's probably going to hurt you. And he will throw a tantrum. The first couple of times, we say no. But three or four times of us saying no, and us not responding to his tantrum, he starts to realize, oh, wait a sec. My parents are way happier. And I have a lot more fun when I just don't try to run in the street. How many of y'all have kids or raised kids at any moment in time where you know that that's how kids are? If you don't have kids, I get it. You don't need to. i There's a lot of people that I work with, they're either single or they never had kids and things like that. I don't You don't need to do that. The Harmony y'all know that. Like when it comes to leading people or leading ourselves that there's a time and place for what do I want? What do I want more? Gosh, right now, right now I want whatever Adele is cooking. How many y'all want whatever is on that stove right now. Adele, what do we got going on right here? Tell us a little bit about it.

[1003:30] Adele Best: Hi, sir. Hi. Sorry. Well

[1004:35] Speaker 3: bring us into your conversation right now tell us a little bit about what is on that stove. Because I want to be able to smell it. I'll read the story about what you're making right now. Okay,

[1007:27] Adele Best: okay, so I'm making something that is really fast and really tasty. So I'm making a very simple Italian dish. I am making pasta, pasta and garlic bread. Because I'm in a rush. I've got a lot of things to do tonight. And I'm just home. And I need to eat and I'm hungry. So I see the food a little bit. Oh, how do I turn this? How do I turn you off? Can

[1014:33] Speaker 3: you see that? Yeah. Wow. Okay. It does.

[1016:33] Adele Best: Apple pie in the oven. Oh, you

[1017:06] Speaker 3: have apple. Okay, apple pie. That'll get me going. There you go. I love it. I love it. By the way. Something I've been studying recently is how candy companies market the colors that use the imagery that candy companies.

[1021:46] Adele Best: Yeah, this is such an incredible teaching Jeremiah, when you were I was watching this thing at the weekend. And I was like, oh my goodness, this is the reason why I'm stuck because I've been in fight or flight and I don't have enough fun.

[1024:13] Speaker 3: I don't. I need to seriously. And what ends up happening is when you can pull yourself into having fun, and listen to having fun might be just by yourself. It's okay to just have fun by yourself. It's okay to just have fun with you and yourself buyers. When my wife and son go to bed. There are some nights where I'm up until they're up in the morning just having fun by myself. What am I doing? I'm watching a movie I'm doing the dishes. I go in my hot tub. I play a video game. And now like I have a brilliant idea for sales copy. I go write the sales letter real quick. I create the Facebook ads and then the sun comes up and they're awake and I got all the stuff done that I needed. Maybe I didn't sleep that night. I'm gonna make sure I go to bed early that next night so that I catch up a little bit, but I do what I did. When I was a teenager I stay up all night just having fun. You see

[1039:20] Adele Best: when I was teenager I was I was taking a lot Drugs and partying. So it's like,

[1040:47] Speaker 3: I wasn't taking necessarily a lot of drugs, but I was drinking a lot and I would stay up all night drinking and partying. And now I don't drink alcohol. Now neither do I, I don't what I love is this. This is what I know that I'm really in like my most excited state of mind. I don't even need coffee to sample. Yeah, my brain is literally just so excited and having fun. Now you got to be careful. You got to be careful. Because I can get myself into a state of mind where I do that multiple days in a row. And then I started hallucinating and going into psychosis, and my wife said, hey, get some sleep. I know, I know. I've been up for like two, three days straight. And that's usually what y'all see me post some weird unhinged posts on my social media. And that's like, Okay, I need some sleep. Some of y'all are like, Jeremiah, that sounds really unhealthy. It is unhealthy.

[1055:07] Adele Best: Yeah, there's a fine line, there's a very fine line, coming from a place of burnout. Genius. That's a fine line between genius and kind of.

[1057:42] Speaker 3: So that's where now what I've learned is this, and I just saw a post from Alex for Mozi. So that's the number one discipline you can have in your life is to discipline yourself to go to sleep. discipline your what? Discipline yourself to go to sleep. Yeah, I

[1061:45] Adele Best: see, I see that. That's my problem. Because I like I'm a single parent, I work all day, then I have the business stuff at night. And then I have the daughter and the highest, blah, blah. What I do is I set up at night, I set up at night because I want me time and then I just I'm just like so tired.

[1065:48] Speaker 3: I figured out is this this is what I did last night. This is like this is how I was able to show up today. And quite frankly, I think like what I just taught was probably one of the one of the best trainings I've done for this group. So far. Maybe somebody else might not agree. But I went to bed at eight when my son went to sleep. Eight 910 1112 One, two, I got up at two in the morning, I got six hours asleep. But I've been up since two in the morning. And my wife and son they get up at seven, they usually get up at seven. So I know I got five hours. I had my coffee. I had breakfast at two in the morning and I just literally just had fun for like six hours or five hours. So they did all the stuff that I learned to sit in the hot tub wrote an email, I watched two movies. I watched Molly's game. And I watched up pain Hustler's on Netflix, to really intense movies that were like, probably I was like, they were like, exactly what I would like wanted to see at the moment, that moment time, Molly's game is so great. It's about this like Russian mafia craziness thing. And then paint hustlers is literally about the pharmaceutical companies. And what that did was it literally got me into the mindset to be able to teach what I'm talking about, which is exactly that. The correlation between the pharmaceutical companies with our marketing and our coaching and all of that, how do we come up with all of this, to get me into the right mindset to write the email that I sent out to the to my audience this morning, and then be able to teach this lesson here today. So giving ourselves more moments in time where we're able to structure having fun doing more of what I want to do, what did I want to do? I just wanted to watch a movie on Netflix. But I couldn't figure out what I wanted to watch. So what I did was this, I started, I started at two in the morning, I had my coffee, and I popped YouTube. And I looked at what is the algorithm suggesting to me on YouTube. YouTube is a great algorithm that gets you into the right state of mind to create sales copy. Especially if you have an account and you start training it and you just pay attention to what grabs your attention.

[1101:07] Adele Best: So this is whenever I want to buy ads, YouTube ads or YouTube content. I have

[1102:34] Speaker 3: YouTube premium sometimes I'll watch it with YouTube ads, but I have just YouTube premium with the likes.

[1103:48] Adele Best: I can't stand I watched so much stuff on YouTube just want

[1104:56] Speaker 3: to see the ads. I'll log out to see the ads give me ideas for video ads and stuff like that. But no, I was just watching because I watched a documentary on the Isle of Man and the TT race at the Isle of Man. And the whole history of the Buccaneers at the Isle of Man and the motorcycle race that they do there. Have you ever been to the Isle of Man Adel?

[1110:34] Adele Best: No, but it's very close to me. So yeah,

[1111:06] Speaker 3: very cool place to visit. I would go visit if I were you

[1112:07] Adele Best: know, you know Game of Thrones Game of Thrones. A lot of it was recorded in Northern Ireland. You know that? Yeah. Yeah. So I live in Game of Thrones. Wow. Okay,

[1114:48] Speaker 3: awesome. So as far as all this goes That's how I get myself into the state of mind to write the best sales copy to come up with the best ideas for my business. To create the best advertisement I set my intention on what I want to do. What was my intention this morning? And when I got up at two in the morning, two things, that's it. Three things actually, I wanted my house to be in the best atmosphere for my wife and son.

[1123:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Number two, I wanted to write the perfect email to send to my email list. Number three, I wanted to show up for today's call for the accelerator group, in the best possible state of mind that I could show up. Those three things simultaneously. Were my intention for the morning when I woke up at two in the morning. When I went down to bed at about eight o'clock at night, I also set that same intention for my day. How many of y'all are setting intentions for your day when you go to sleep? And then when you wake up?

[1134:15] Speaker 3: Maybe you've never tried that before. I would encourage you to start to try that. Figure out what are my top three goals for the day? If you're like me, you're going to come up with a list of 500 things that you want to do I want you to just pick one of the top three things you want to do. Before you go to sleep set that intention. So what I did was this I went in my hot tub and I went and I took a hot shower before bed. Okay. Here's why. Because the heat and then the shower on my head. puts me into a different brainwave state. hot shower on head. Brainwave. How many of y'all are familiar with this as far as this goes? The stimulation of a hot shower on the brain Yeah,

[1147:03] Adele Best: I'm gonna do you do the whole cold water thing as well. I did that after the abuse that was really transformative cold water therapy.

[1149:01] Speaker 3: Yeah, I've not done much with the cold water stuff. I did I am more I'm more use warm water. Interestingly enough, some people they like they prefer the warm sometimes. I'm a hot shower, basically what it does, oh yeah. Alpha waves. Okay, here's what it is. A hot shower can definitely affect brainwaves relaxation, parasympathetic, nervous system, dopamine, alpha waves are beneficial to creativity and problem solving. Okay, so you get into from, it's a more of a meditation, creativity relaxation state. So whenever you let water flow over you in a shower, it actually puts you into an alpha wave, brainwave state. Okay. Let's see here. Rapid is broken. Okay. Insight, peak experiences, synchronization, gamma waves. That's probably what I would say is what we're experiencing right now, in this group, is more of a synchronization type of state of mind. And that's oftentimes when we're in like fight or flight, we're usually in this alertness, concentration, thinking mind. When I'm running Facebook ads, I'm usually right about here, when I'm writing sales copy, I'm at the beta wave state. But what I try to do is I try to put myself into an alpha wave, state, meditation, creativity, relaxation. And when I'm watching movies, or playing video games, it usually puts me into a theta wave state. Because I'm more focused in a trance type of like, I'm zoomed in when I'm reading a book. So learning to move yourself between these different types of brainwave states actually allows you to create better content, if I'm struggling to be creative. When it comes to my sales copy, I try to bring myself more into a visualization, a dreaming while awake state. That's what happens when I listen to music. And I start playing video games and watching movies while I'm doing stuff like that. And then that gets me out of the alertness and concentration state of all the struggle and stress and anxiety that I'm dealing with. And it shifts my mind into what is actually going to help me write better sales copy. Now when we go into deep sleep. I set my intention, I take a shower and I go into this type of state of mind. And then I go into a restorative sleep state. So that's where I've learned the meditation stuff that they teach on headspace.com I talked about this, the breath work, putting yourself into a deep sleep to where I focus in on the present moment of my breath. Breathing in, breathing out that that type of a thing and now I can get myself right there in about 60 seconds. If I just breathe for 60 seconds because I've been training myself and doing this. I can get myself there this headspace app taught me how to do this. So what I've been able to do is learn how to change and shift my brainwaves depending on what I'm doing. So if you are in this sort of visualization, trance dreaming state, you are more susceptible to persuasion. Influence, you're more easily influenced, right? That's what ends up happening when you're scrolling social media. That's what ends up happening when you're watching a movie. Remember, we talked about the whole, like, the different cadence and flow that happens on the social media algorithm, what it does is it's extending the type of brainwaves that are happening. And if you can mirror that cadence to the same tonality of your target client, and what their wants and their desire is it allows you to write better offers, write better copy, and do stuff like that, where we get stuck, because if we start concentrating too much on it, if we start getting way too synchronized towards where somebody is at with our target client, and I struggled with this for a long time, because I got way too in sync with the struggles that my target client was doing. Yes, tapping does that as well. Yeah, so I like to do a lot of tapping things like this. I'll even do this, where I'll rotate around my head like this, I'll find when I'm in the shower, I'll actually rotate my head around the shower. And then I'll literally feel like a tingling go through my whole body when I'm doing this. And it helps me trigger different types of brainwave states of mind, to be able to tap into my highest level of creativity, be able to write better sales, copy, tell better stories, teach better, show up better with my ads, and be able to create better Facebook ads and be able to be more playful when it comes to using artificial intelligence. Using the different prompting when it comes up with teaching, prompting. Whenever I'm creating my courses, now, I've actually been able to do this and I set my intention. It's about setting the intention. Okay. So that's what it is we go back to I want to anchor this around setting your intention. Okay. You want to set your intention around what you are trying to accomplish, I want to go into MailChimp and create the best email marketing campaign. I want to go into the Facebook Ads Manager and create the best campaign with that I was struggling to run my Facebook ads for four days last week, you want to know what got me into the right state of mind. I went to a coffee shop, I set up my Nintendo. And I played NASCAR for 30 minutes surrounded by over 30 people around me. I was very nervous about being judged by people and all of that. But what I did was I was intentionally because I'm playing NASCAR, the only way for me to actually keep a straight line playing a racing game is to call my nervous system down. As soon as I calm my nervous system down. Within 30 minutes, I logged into the ads manager. And boom, boom, boom, within 30 minutes I had those ads launched. I was able to take control of my mind by using a supplemental tool to be able to do that in a high chaos environment that I felt stressful around to be able to do something that was stressing me out. When you can learn to do this and you figure out how can I show up and do hard things and figure out I set my intention. I either do something fun, I go watch a movie, I turn on music that I want maybe I'll go read a book for 30 minutes. And usually it's for me it's again, it's about 2030 minutes if I'm really really struggling.

[1269:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find but but what's cool is I set the intention later on to turn it into five minutes and then two minutes and then one minute. That's why now I can meditate in just 60 seconds and I can get to where I wanted to be in two hours before you know a two hour movie versus a one hour TV Show episode versus a 20 minute YouTube video 20 minute podcast, a 62nd Facebook ad

[1278:59] Speaker 3: I set my intention of what I want to do so like right now. I After today's session here, I want to record

[1282:28] Speaker 3: 4/62 video ads

[1284:25] Speaker 3: to invite people to a three day intensive that we're doing Wednesday, Thursday and Friday this week. I don't know what I'm going to say in those ads. But for the next 40 minutes, I'm setting that intention. And I'm thinking about it. And I'm connecting moment to moment to moment to moment. To I'm flowing from this moment to the next moment, to be able to do the things that I have goals to do. I know that the eclipse happens at its peak moment in time, it's already started, I've already noticed a difference in the sunlight in my room, it's gotten a little bit of a yellowish tone, outside my window. The Eclipse is starting to happen. So I've set my intention. And I know that I want to be completely done recording those Facebook ads before about 115, maybe 110. So that gives me only 10 minutes after we finish five to 10 minutes after we finish today to create those ads. And this is what we call the Law of constraints. How many y'all have ever heard about the law of constraints?

[1306:01] Speaker 3: Nobody know, the sorry, Theory of Constraints, the methodology of identifying the most important limiting factor or constraint that stands in the way of you achieving a goal.

[1311:03] Speaker 3: And then what you're able to do is you're able to create artificial constraints in your life that allow you to simulate those constraints to create more productivity in your life. So my mom taught me this. My wife is also very good at this herself. You ever heard me say I only take about five minutes to come up with the content that I want to create on social media. Because what I do is I set my intention, but I only give myself five minutes to create it.

[1321:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because if you give yourself an unlimited amount of time with no deadline, you're going to take that entire moment an amount of time to accomplish what you want to do. You notice I didn't set a deadline for how long I was going to be teaching today.

[1325:52] Speaker 3: I'm going to be done with this lesson in about five to seven minutes. And then we'll do about 30 minutes of q&a today. And then our full q&a Time will be

[1329:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: next week. Okay. And then I'm going on my cruise ship. And what I've decided to do is I will be actually delivering a pre recorded training while I'm on the cruise while I'm in the Caribbean. And then I will create a post for everybody to write their questions down or record them and submit them to me. And then by the end of that week, I will record a q&a answer session time for you. So that is how I will be able to do my vacation while I'm in the Caribbean and still provide the promised value to this group constraints. boundaries. Boundaries create, how we allow ourselves to show up and the value that we deliver to our clients. Without creating artificial constraints. We have nothing to aim for. Okay. So for instance, I created an artificial constraint for myself to be finished with this talk by 1232.

[1347:31] Speaker 3: Central time. And I created an artificial constraint over this group where you have 30 minutes to ask me a question before two to five minutes after the top of the hour.

[1351:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what that does is it that puts our brain into a moment or a state of mind and some of you might be getting pissed off by that fact. Maybe. Maybe it's because people that put artificial constraints on you make you feel like you're imprisoned or you're controlled.

[1357:49] Speaker 3: Or you're not allowed to do the things that you want to do. And that actually might be the very reason why you're struggling to create the sales call Copy that shouldn't be creative. Because a you don't give yourself artificial constraints because you don't want to limit your creativity. That's how I was. And the number one breakthrough that I had with my therapist was realizing why I was so resistant to constraints. Why I was so resistant to authority. Why I was so resistant to rules. I've been studying a podcast, dale earnhardt, jr. His podcast, the NASCAR podcast. And there's one common thing that theme that keeps coming up the rulebook of NASCAR. Okay, and so if we look at NASCAR right here, by the way, that steering wheel and pedals that you see off to the side here, I use those to play NASCAR in virtual reality. I played these NASCAR games as a kid where I can ride around in circles around these tracks to do this. So NASCAR has a rule book Can I tell you this 100% of every racing team in NASCAR breaks that rule book by design. And they all know it. There's actually a Netflix series called full speed about NASCAR right now that I started watching. And it's incredible that I'm hooked up. I'm addicted to that Netflix series, full speed about these NASCAR drivers. And if you all want to get a little glimpse as to the just like, what makes me tick, go watch that TV show on Netflix, full speed. NASCAR is a deadly sport. There's a reason why I will not ever drive a NASCAR. There's an internet marketer. His name is Corey Rudl. Corey Rudl was one of the grandfather's of internet marketing and at 34 years old, he died racing a Porsche around a NASCAR track at California speedway.

[1401:00] Speaker 3: Corey Rudl taught a lot of the same things back in 2005 that you see me teaching here today. His energy and mind were actually very similar. And I'll tell you this, every internet marketer that I know that is worth their salt pays homage to Corey Rudl. But it's a lesson of what playing fast and loose can become. It'll kill you. And that's what Corey did. He was chasing the fantasy of being a racecar driver. And I'll tell you this, I love it. And my wife is on board with it too. I plan on buying one of these Corvettes right here, this model right here, not the new model. But this one right here, supercharged model of this Corvette. Why it has the best technology for safety, to keep you on the road to make sure that even while you're having fun while driving, and quite frankly, I prefer to follow the speed limit. We have a great road and highway here in Austin, Texas, where you can go 980 miles an hour without them stopping you. It's legally 80 to 85 miles now. Great, great car to drive on that road. But about one a race around a racetrack I do so in video games, not on an actual race track, because I can push the limits of it but I know my limitations at the way that my brain works because I'm not cut out to be a NASCAR driver or a motocross racer. I'm cut out to make a ton of money on the internet. And so I'll play flight simulator games. You can see my flight simulator up there. I'll play all these video games I'll play fighting games, because I don't want to get into a fight and have my teeth knocked out. But I have fun playing it in a video game. I don't want to spin out of control and crash into a wall. But I'll play it in the video game. Because it helps get me into the right state of mind for me to show up at my very, very best when it comes to building my business, the very best sales copy I've ever wrote was one of the number one games I was playing were racing games. I played a game series called Forza Horizon two. And I played this game more than anything else where you get to drive around a Lamborghini. And you get to race it. And you get to do all kinds of crazy fun things around this virtual world right here. Maybe you're not going to go out there and grab a video game or race around to do stuff like that. But what's your thing that you like to do that you haven't given yourself the selfish ability to do? Because maybe you told yourself, I don't have enough time to do it, start doing more of those things here today. And watch your creativity explode. When it comes to writing your sales, copy, and doing that, and then figure out what those things are that your clients want to do that they don't give themselves permission to do. That they don't allow themselves to do, that they don't believe they have enough time to do and start engaging with those things. And you will find that your own brainwaves start tapping into what your clients desires are better. So that's what I do. I'll play the video games that help me show up well, if I'm struggling. And if I want to be creative and tap into the mind of my client, I'll figure out what are the what are the foods that they love, the games or books that they like to read or the TV shows that they like to watch. And then that will tap me right into showing up at that level with my clients as well. And that's one of the secrets that my mom taught me that I did when I was working with Rick Pitino that I've done with all my best clients is I figure out what kind of media do they like to consume. And I show up and I show up and I consume my favorite forms of entertainment myself. And that's where I write the best sales copy. That's where I show up. And just have fun with an experimentation state of mind like a child to be able to use software, to write sales copy to create Facebook ads to create the best video ads as far as that goes. And I think you can as well, if you just give yourself maybe even one to 5% of what I just talked about here today. You don't need to do it at 100%. Like I have, you don't need to go full pedal to the metal like I am. But just give yourself two to 5% of what I talked about here today and watch your creativity explode and get and you'll get clarity when it comes to your business. All right. We're gonna take some questions here. Now I'm sure some of y'all have some questions as far as this goes in. Yes, I know that I blew past the time that I said by two minutes. That was intentional. All right. Anybody who's has some questions here, we got about 30 minutes here to take your questions. Sydney, what's going on Sydney?

[1484:09] Speaker 4: Good morning, or good afternoon where you are. So my question is I was watching. I'm going through Facebook ads for beginners. So I I've set up my pixels on on my website. My question for you is, in addition to my pixels being set up, could I also use Zapier and do like the API conversion pixels? Or

[1491:01] Speaker 3: do you want to use Zapier to do that, for sure. That's the best way to do.

[1492:32] Speaker 4: Oh, okay. So I guess my question is, can I do both? Like have, like Zapier? Oh, okay. All right. All right. That's

[1496:00] Speaker 3: usually, um, but I know some people, they can't do both. And so then it's so funny. This is such a like a into this, why multi dimensional thinking is so important, because either people or they'll get stuck because they can't figure out well, and so then they won't watch their campaign. You can do one bolt the other. Just make sure something's tracking something.

[1501:00] Speaker 4: Okay. All right. Got it. Thank you.

[1502:16] Speaker 3: Awesome. Anybody else? Any other questions here? Tiffany? What's up, Tim?

[1506:17] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, great conversation this morning. I think I remember having these types of conversations. Like a few months ago, questions I've asked. So I'm like, Well, who got more keys today? Thank you. The question that kept coming up or keeps coming up every time you talk about storytelling, my mind immediately goes into thinking well, I must I guess I need to be a better storyteller because I don't think I am. So I know that you've said watching movies and creativity and tapping into fun and all that stuff helps. But the the main question i i Keep writing down is how can I learn and apply like storytelling?

[1518:04] Speaker 3: Good example of this right now. Molly's game. When I watched it and some of y'all, I wouldn't I so if you want to get it A little bit of a glimpse into some of the trauma that I've experienced in my life. Watch Molly's game, Netflix. Especially during the time period when I was partying too much, I was not I was friends with some somewhat nefarious people that I didn't know were nefarious at the time. And I ended up, you know, getting in trouble and going to jail a couple of times, Molly's game was great example of what uh, what I ended up experiencing. At the end of it, she basically she was being she was in a RICO case where she was going to be indicted by some life in prison. And the federal judge basically let her off and said she was completely innocent. And that's exactly what I have experienced myself is, all the times I had been arrested, I was in the wrong place the wrong time. And my friends were the ones that were doing all this stuff. And I didn't even know they were I was just looking to have fun the whole time to basically feed a subconscious need for approval that I never got from my friends and family growing up. And, you know, that's exactly what the storyline of Molly's game is. It's so interesting. Her dad is a therapist, and he ends up doing a therapy session with her in the movie, I won't spoil it for you. But yeah, I know I spoil a little bit of the movie for you that was on purpose. Just go watch it, it's gonna give you a great glimpse into storytelling.

[1543:23] Tiffany Quinones: As far as that goes. And just to add to that real quick,

[1544:18] Speaker 3: while I'm going to either the second part, I'm gonna say, oh, sorry. So that will give you a glimpse into my own story.

[1546:26] Speaker 3: When you go watch movies, or read books and stuff like that, I want you to start to find ones that resonate with your own life experiences. Have you ever watched a movie you're like, Wow, that's so similar to like what I've been through. Go back and watch one of those movies. And watch how they, how they connect the emotion and find those moments where you start to get really emotional watching that movie. And figure out the pattern and correlation to where you get really emotional. Okay, so there was a there was a movie I was watching last week called In the Heights. It's Lin Manuel Miranda, it's one of his Broadway plays as a movie called In the Heights. I cried six times that movie. Why did I cry six times in that movie. All six times I cried. Were moments in time where I connected with the stories that I've heard from my own clients and their struggles of life. Because I started connecting emotionally with the fact that wow, this In the Heights is the plight of what I grew up in, growing up in Metro Detroit with my mom, who was a single mom who raised me, and as the stories of a lot of my clients that they're growing up, and as well. There's a scene in that movie called 96,000, where it's like, what would you do with $96,000. And it and it correlates to telling the story of the young kid in the movie wanted to change the entire world with $96,000? Well, we know practically as adults, you can't change the whole world 96,000. But that was his dream. He was going to change the entire economy and go straight up to the levels of government with $96,000. Because he was able to connect to the dream that big, some of them they just wanted to pay off their family's debt and move to a better neighborhood with 96,000. Everybody's dream is different. And that was the story of In the Heights is we all have a dream. What's our dream? What's our little dream?

[1580:50] Tiffany Quinones: It's not as complicated as I thought it was. Thank you.

[1582:27] Speaker 3: Thank you. So my dream, what are the dreams of your clients? And that's what I always talk about. When it talks when I talk about telling the story of your sales copy. What is the dream that you have? As a coach, right? I have a dream that I always talk about. I want to create video games that transform the world and change people's lives. I'm learning how to do this by playing video games and learning storytelling and teaching this to you guys. The way that we build funnels as literally the way that you build video games. So if I'm teaching everybody in here, how to build funnels really well. I'm actually also learning simultaneously how to build and train the team how to build video games. It's literally part of how I'm wired. And then, telling stories, a video game is worth nothing without a backstory. A movie is worth nothing other about without a story that connects and the best movies tell our own stories and the story of our audience at the same time. And they connect the two Got. If you talk to writers, film writers, and I've studied script writers, comic book writers, authors, they generally take a picture of their own life experiences and the message they want to share. And they connect it to a fictional narrative of some kind. And what's interesting is the best nonfiction books do the same exact thing. They tell the story of the author with lessons tied into. You look at political campaigns, that's all they're doing. I saw a camp I saw, I saw a social media post that Joe Biden posted about family and community and this loving hangout around some good students. It's brilliant. It's a brilliant campaign. brilliant marketing. Because that's what people want, they just want to hang out, they want to have fun, and they want to experience their happiest moments of life again. And so when you tell the story, and your sales cop, you're telling the story of what's stopping people from living their happiest, best life. And then you're connecting the dots of that, so the superpower that you have, that can help them get there. So Tiffany, you got a superpower.

[1622:47] Speaker 3: And when you coach people, when you got a membership, and you got training, when he got whatever you do, whatever, whatever you're selling to the right, we got to think about how do we package this. So I'm selling the solution to people that's connected to my superpower and their biggest pain. And our marketing tells that whole story wrapped up in one single moment, we got about 30 to 60 to 180 seconds to tell it in the Facebook app. We got about three to five minutes minutes to tell it on a sales letter, somebody's reading depending on how quickly they read. We have about two weeks to tell it in email, day after day after day after day after day to follow up with people, which is a picture of how we also do social media content. Social media content is not necessarily one piece of content, but it's what builds piece after piece after piece after piece to create a narrative that connects with people for a couple of weeks at a time. And then that's where we get to show up. And we inject ourselves right into the conversation that we've been having with somebody for about two to three weeks. And then we get to present them with Hey, this right here is the answer you've been looking for. That's what drug companies do. That's how they sell you on ozempic. That's how they sell you on opiates. It's how they sell you on whatever drug you're going to buy. That's how events are sold. By the way events. All an event says that's literally just an experience and what is an experience, but something to make you feel good, make you feel better. So when I create an event, I just did an event on Facebook ads, my goal was to help people feel super great. At the end of it, I got the best feedback on this Facebook ads webinar that I just did. Weirdly enough, it wasn't my most registered or most attended. I think the sales copy needs a little bit of help. I think I'm gonna I learned a lot from the last couple of campaigns I ran. And I'm gonna merge all of that with what I've learned over the last six to 12 months, and we're gonna actually go on this Disney Cruise, you're gonna see an entirely new messaging for my offers. And I think you're going to convert better than anything I've ever done. Because the world has shifted and changed and right now we're in a political cycle. We're in a season right now. And we got to we got to, we got to catch up with how the algorithm has shifted. And sometimes it's not immediate. Sometimes it takes time. But what I've been doing is I've been building an experience with people to nurture trust. I have a I have a couple of 1000 people that have joined my email list in the last three months that haven't bought the accelerator program. But they all open every email that I post, every time I send an email, I get about 2000 people that open and read those emails. They're not clicking on that on all the offers I have, but they're reading all the emails that I send out, but 2000 people every single time I send an email out I have. So I see that as a captive audience of 2000 people. And I imagine it across a timeline of about four to six months. They're not a client yet.

[1678:55] Speaker 3: But they're watching me like a TV show. They're watching me like the next season of the Kardashians.

[1681:23] Speaker 3: They're watching me scrutinizing everything that I say, deciding if they want to connect deeper. And I know by this summer, hundreds of them will be in the accelerator. See, I'm playing the long game. I don't need them to join. Right away, I'm patient. Because I've been doing this for 21 years, I know what it takes to get people to join a program like the accelerator, especially with the fact that we raise the price. You know, I've been talking about it being $300 a month, I decided I'm probably going to come in at 200. But one 197 a month, and I'm going to sell a six month for 997 197. For six payments are six months for 987, it still is two that the yearly cost is actually the same, it's going to be $2,000 a year if you pay six months, twice a year, so but the monthly payment cost is a little bit higher, that's going to help me with my ads cost a little bit. And I found that I think that's a sweet spot. I think I still got to be in under 200 bucks a month right now. But I gotta be a little bit higher than we were up. And no longer am I going to do that. Oh, it's 0%. Like, no, it's, it's 197 if you want to pay six payments, comes in right around what 1200 bucks, if they pay six payments, or you save 200 bucks off if you pay, you know, say 400 bucks off a year if you pay six months at a time. And then after about after I realized I'm going to roll it out after about a year or two from now I'm going to do a really crazy deal where you can get to yours at a crazy discount. And I'm gonna roll that out probably around Christmas or Black Friday I saw a couple other marketers do the same thing. Sounded that sounds cool. And that's the next two years of my marketing and then we'll probably we'll probably, we'll probably run that pricing, at least for the next year. I'm no longer gonna say oh, it's like discounted price, I'm just gonna say it's always this price, but we don't have open a rule. And then I'm going to, we're going to probably eventually bump it up maybe in six to 12 months or 297. Let's say that we're gonna do pretty numbers. So all that to say pricing wise and things like that, as I'm looking at what are people already doing out in the marketplace right now what's the going rate for the market, you have to charge what the going rate is for what you're doing as well. So I also plan on rolling out a program that's going to be about 60 bucks a month. Within the next six to 12 months, it is not going to include what you guys get in the accelerator, that's gonna be like, it's like a, you get 10% of what the accelerator includes for 60 bucks. But it's gonna be the most important 10% to beginners, for 60 bucks. So then those are gonna be the two tiers that I offer, we're gonna have that for 60 bucks a month. And then I'm gonna have my $300 a month accelerator program to obtain trust me you guys are getting everything here in this program for what you're paying the 60 bucks a month people are gonna get I'm basically on the lookout okay, what is like the like a essentially it's going to be what I'm giving away in my like, three day events, I'm going to charge 60 bucks a month for that content. And they're going to maybe get like a quarterly Xoom call it like once every three months, something like that. Where you guys get every week, right? So that's how I'm structuring my pricing and I'm creating more value in the marketplace and creating more affordable low ticket offer things like that. Because I'm mirroring what the going rate is in the marketplace within like this bolt that helped Tiffany

[1749:28] Tiffany Quinones: Yes, thank you. You've uncomplicated things for me. So thank you.

[1750:52] Speaker 3: That's been my goal. That's been the goal here right now. And it's so interesting. You know, we had a lot of people we've had a lot of people in the last three months leave the accelerator program. There are two reasons for this just too expensive. I'm just not getting what I need Jeremiah. Unfortunately, those people will probably end up coming back and paying twice as much in about six months. Because they're going to be see they're going to see The changes and everything in there be like oh, oh, or maybe they'll jump in at the 60 bucks a month. Basically, that's going to be also my goal is, you know, anybody who left will try to loop them back in at that point. I learned that one from my mom, as well. Learn that one from Apple computer, or in that one from video game companies learn that one from television companies. My wife and I were paying 160 bucks a month for our television subscription, we downgraded to 27 bucks a month with Disney and Hulu, we still get 90% of our best content. But we don't get the live TV aspect that I really, really liked that I'm missing right now. So I signed up for fubo Yesterday, which is about 100 bucks a month. It's a different companies, but they have a better live TV experience than Hulu was offered. And that's how the Marketplace takes market share. And competitors succeed by offering better, easier to consume easier to follow your track with simpler, we can get angry at the fact that that's how business works. Or we can learn to pivot and shift and adjust the way that the world moves around us. We're living in an interesting world today. Simple, easy, fast, cheap. That's what people want right now.

[1784:31] Speaker 3: Microwave mindset. You can either get angry at it. Or you can figure out how to translate what we do into that.

[1787:57] Speaker 3: And that's how we went. Maybe unless there's some people that joined the accelerated like, gosh, Jeremiah was teaching one thing a year ago. Now he's teaching this Yes. Want to know why? Because the marketplace is changing. Do you want me to keep teaching you the old same stuff that I that I promised you a year ago? That doesn't work now? Or do you want to stay up ahead and ahead of the curve and have a slight edge advantage over where the marketplace is headed so that you can skate to where the puck is going? Run to where the football is being thrown? Run to where the baseball is being hit to? Or do you want to strike out because you're operating out of the way things were? A year ago? Choice is yours. Unfortunately, a lot of people would just rather I was the way I was a year ago. Gosh, you were so much easier to listen to when he works so rude. Jeremiah, you were just so easy, much easier to follow when you weren't just such an asshole all the time. I got an email that said that'll like last week. I don't necessarily think I'm an asshole, but I definitely have tapped into. Well my mom calls it G A F. I don't give a frankfurter, I don't like saying the F word is one of my things. I don't like cussing. I'm not a big fan of it, though. If you read my Twitter feed, you might see a few new passwords on it. But not a big fan of causing two tablespoons every morning. Yeah. spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down. Down on y'all remember Mary Poppins the best Mary Poppins is the new one with Emily Blunt than that well. That's my favorite. And it has Dick Van Dyke at the end of it. I need to watch it today. It's such a great such great lessons from marketing in that one. It's what it is. It's all marketing. All right. Tiffany, do you have a question or are we lowered again

[1826:42] Speaker 3: Adele what's going on

[1828:01] Adele Best: hey, I want to another hands free driving

[1830:14] Adele Best: time is Jeremiah's call so yeah, I was thinking you know my narcissistic abuse angle. So I was thinking of Yeah, running like a low cost membership for that doing like a low cost membership for that because most people that come out of those relationships don't have a lot of money anyway, so they're not gonna go high ticket really? What do you think about that?

[1835:56] Speaker 3: What do I think about what

[1837:28] Wennie: so what do you think about running a? Yeah, going like doing like a low ticket membership for a building. It's not picket fence recovery community.

[1841:12] Speaker 3: I think that that would be great. Like, as a lead in for people, I don't think you're gonna make a lot of profit off of that. So that's the thing with low ticket is it's not a profit machine. But it is a trust build. So like, I don't plan on making a lot of profit off of a low ticket. And in fact, you can lose, you can lose money or break even most of the time on low ticket.

[1847:29] Wennie: So what's your purpose? Because I heard you talking on your social media by the low ticket things. So what's the what's the strategy is the strategy that you're using that to bring them into your world, upgrade them to your higher program.

[1851:28] Speaker 3: It allows you to build a deeper connection with them in the low ticket. Eventually, it can produce a profit if they stay on consistently. But initially, it'll be kind of a break evens. And so that's what ended up happening with Rick Pino. Over with worship coach, for the first like two years worship coach didn't make a profit. It was just breakeven, but then we figured out how to make it click and it was bringing in 40 to 60,000 a month.

[1859:10] Speaker 1: How did how did he make like Tampa live without them.

[1859:51] Speaker 3: So then what he ended up launching was $1,000 program and a $1,000 per month coaching program. So he ended up then selling a $97 course that was low ticket, he shifted this to a $97 a month program. He was selling $1,000 course and the he ship of that into $1,000 a month coaching program. And that all of that as a big picture system that was running together. By the way I can tell you as God is my witness, Rick never worked more than 10 hours a week do not

[1871:48] Speaker 1: work less and are more definitely works.

[1872:28] Speaker 3: He doesn't work more than 10 hours a week now. You know,

[1873:20] Wennie: I actually I feel like someone YouTube I kind of weird. He's kind of like, I think he's trying to be a cross between you and fire rebels and he's trying to like be Jeremiah,

[1876:59] Speaker 3: I don't think there's anything wrong with that because Myron and me were his two biggest influence. And I'll tell you Well, here's the thing too, though. Rick's teaching and coaching style I've modeled What's up

[1884:06] Speaker 3: you're cutting out here your signals last.

[1885:28] Speaker 1: Okay, sorry. Are you there? Yeah, can you hear me?

[1888:29] Speaker 3: Yes.

[1889:27] Wennie: Can you hear me? Yeah, sorry. I don't know what's wrong? Well, I think it's actually bad weather and Okay, so I was thinking of doing like a different model for the narcissistic abuse. So it's kind of like the Instagram account, trade grew really fast to like a low ticket model. See what happens with that happens

[1894:07] Speaker 3: when again, my mom has her 60 bucks. But she meant she has 1000s of members in there. So it's really profitable. And then she has her $2,000 month program my mom does. So we've always kind of done that model where we have like a monthly that's like under 100 bucks a month and then like something that's a couple of 1000 a month as far as that goes.

[1900:21] Wennie: Then your high ticket one on one. Yeah. Okay,

[1901:08] Speaker 3: I what I'm doing now as well. And Rick also has $150,000 offer, but he doesn't mark it online. Wow. So what I've done though, is I've just done different tiers, I have my 197 a month, which I'm offering the value of a $2,000 month program at 200 bucks a month. And then my one on one coaching is really should be $150,000. But it's only currently I think 19,000 is what I'll be offering it for. I think I've been tossing around but I'm I'm between 29,000 to 19,000 when I open up one on one coaching, so but it definitely will not be 14,000 like it was last time it'd be more. So you always want to know what I like to do is you offer the same price a couple of times and then you bump your price up. The best time to bump your price up is when your sales start going lower. Okay, that goes against everything our brain tells us to do. Our brain tells us to lower the price when sales go go down. Now what you want to do is you want to raise your price when your sales dip. Okay? So my my sales my mom's all everybody's, almost everybody I know is doing a membership, our sales dipped in the last four months, like the amount of sales we were getting. So the best thing you do, you raise your price on your main deal. And then you start to offer a lower ticket entry level offer at the same time to bring in new people. So basically the one becomes two. And that's what I'm doing with the accelerator, as I'm going to ons on as I'm raising the price the accelerator and then I'm going to in the next six to 12 months offer a lower ticket entry level. That's under 100 bucks a month, but it's not anywhere near what you get here in the accelerator program. Because what I want to do is I want this to be so attractive to those people that are at six that are at 60 to 100 bucks a month that they like are begging to upgrade to the three to five to $1,000 level. And that's exactly what we did with Rick Yeah, that's exactly what we do with my mom

[1938:30] Adele Best: that's really good strategy just about

[1938:57] Speaker 3: building desire. Building that anticipation building desire, you're still serving people, but really like you're making people so it's your the word irresistible offer your offer becomes so irresistible, they have trouble saying no to it. And an irresistible offer can take time. Yeah, I'm not

[1947:00] Adele Best: I am in a low ticket membership. That's all in on the school. Like this woman be clever there. She has like seven levels. Yeah, so there's something dopamine happening on that bill app, she offers people discount when when they get when they get to different levels, they get like 50% offer courses to everybody. And you get points by liking people's comments. So everyone's in there commenting trying to build points to get 50% off our course. And there's definitely some kind of like

[1954:48] Speaker 3: gamification things what it is

[1955:38] Adele Best: just turning it into a gear when everyone's going crazy for it. If I'm like, this is definitely what Jeremiah is talking about the hormone stuff. It's like addictive. Definitely. It

[1958:10] Speaker 3: is addictive, but it's the same thing. They use the marquee to go get your favorite food to watch. And really what it is, it's like you can either look at it like oh, this is evil, or it's like actually, marketers have been doing this for the last like yeah

[1962:28] Adele Best: That's so clever because she's building so much desire in the people to want to buy their buy the next course because they're getting 50% off. They still want they so want to get it because

[1965:13] Speaker 3: it's like you said you can you can use that same desire to manipulate people for things that are unhealthy for them. Get people addicted to sugar that causes them to need what the drug companies offer. The whole sugar industry is built on the drug companies

[1970:30] Adele Best: Yeah. Very, very large scale up is very very good for building community the same

[1972:30] Speaker 3: time like I'm an I'm an addict for the company, kava they're healthy food. You know, I love it. So I feel so good. I'm an I'm an addict for eating oh, gosh, what am i What's my number one I love just like hot ERISA and like hot sauce and really good healthy, organic hot sauces. Because that burn that I get I'm hooked on it. Like I had like straight up like habanero sauce. on a on a bagel before this call, had a little bit of carbs, some local honey, and I put some habanero sauce on it.

[1983:55] Adele Best: Nice. And one one thing that Liddy ship that at the membership, and then she's teaching a storytelling and she teaches czar marketing. And she talks about painting the painting pictures forward in time when people have reached the transformation and describing it really singly.

[1988:28] Speaker 3: Yep, you paint the picture that people have in the future. Future pacing, you create a virtual reality image of the life that they're going to experience before they experience it. And the AI and AI can help us do that. Now.

[1992:08] Adele Best: Yeah. You describe micro moments and you describe it with like, using all your senses and your emotions so they can actually TSB being there. So we're supposed to be putting that in our copy. Yeah,

[1995:32] Speaker 3: I mean, that's exactly that's exactly. It's funny what you and I just talked about. That's what I've been trying to teach everybody for like the last two years. But I feel like I didn't quite have the words to explain it.

[1999:26] Adele Best: Yeah, I think I think I've grasped The sort of concepts of I'm going to try and do that in my copy anyway.

[2001:21] Speaker 3: We're moving people away from pain towards pleasure.

[2002:17] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. So

[2003:00] Speaker 3: I gotta get going though. All right.

[2003:34] Adele Best: Thanks so much. That's great. Thanks, everybody. Yeah, hi. Thanks.

