CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-03-11T18:47:50.000Z
Duration: 100 min
Otter ID: Bt3fP241nuoN-2d5e01WlyePzy4
---

[14:36] Michelle Plucinsky: I can't hear you

[19:08] Shonda Whitworth: I heard Michelle but I can't hear you Jeremiah?

[31:22] Michelle Plucinsky: Can you guys hear Jeremy?

[32:39] Shonda Whitworth: No, but I can hear you though.

[33:10] Michelle Plucinsky: Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. Bill's nodding yes, Jeremy, we still can't hear you

[35:55] Speaker 2: hear me now? Yes, yes. Or you couldn't hear me the whole time.

[37:14] Speaker 3: My bad start over exactly what you did before

[39:13] Speaker 2: I dropped the I dropped all the knowledge on here and then it wasn't nothing happened. So what's up everybody? Morning.

[41:24] Shonda Whitworth: Good morning.

[41:40] Speaker 2: Good morning. I'm trying to get my computer loaded up. We were gone for like the last three days. And I literally like just got back last night and then passed out went to sleep. So I literally haven't logged in or worked or done anything related to even work or business since Thursday.

[47:22] Michelle Plucinsky: Good for you. We're gonna have a fresh brain.

[48:21] Speaker 2: Except for my webinar on Saturday, but I did. So I did that. And then literally, like unplugged again. So I just came up into that. And that's one of the things that I've been practicing in my life is only showing up like when the live sessions are and teaching them live, but then not showing up at all outside of those times as much as possible. So I said, Shonda, she's on here. She's one of my one on one clients. And she has been messaging me since Wednesday. And so Shonda, I apologize. I haven't gotten back to you. Um, I don't know if you had any specific pertinent questions that I have missed shondo What do you think?

[59:31] Shonda Whitworth: No, Jeremiah, it was not pertinent. So I have not had

[60:38] Speaker 2: any I haven't even logged into Facebook yet. So we had we had a whole bunch of stuff going on. And then I spent all day at church yesterday don't like to make my family and excuse that we had a little bit of a family emergency for last three days. So but again, again, that is never a reason to not serve your clients. Your family is never a good enough excuse. It's a BS excuse that anybody tries to use their family to justify not delivering what was expected. So you will never see me do that. But there was a family emergency that happened and so again, I heard grace on that and I and I understand that's not right. What's your device? There we go. Okay. Are y'all doing anytime I do. I do an intensive Have right beforehand. All hell breaks loose in my life. I've never had it where I've done a three day intensive or a five day. We're just like, everything stays amazing. So part of my expectation that I've realized, and maybe I'm causing it, because I'm expecting it, but I just, it's like, I hope for the best. And that's the thing. So I have this whole thing where I say, hope for the best. And then whatever happens happens. You ever heard, like, plan for the worst? And then, you know, or hope for the world expect the worst? No, I don't agree with that. I say hope and expect the best all the time. And then whatever happens happens. And what's funny is, here's the here's the here's why people tell you not to do that.

[92:50] Speaker 3: Because it's way harder to live that way.

[94:30] Speaker 2: The 1,000% harder to live with expectation that good things will happen. You know, they say expectation is the mother of disappointment. So what happens for me is I expect everything to go great. And then generally right before I do a five day what's happened consistently is it's like all hell breaks loose. The last one I did was not that way. Here's what I found. Y'all wanna y'all, y'all, I need y'all to listen to this here. This is important. And this is part of our live training here today. So today's our live training day, right? Okay. And this is what I wanted to want to teach here today. Because we, we live in a time where I need you guys to realize that

[106:23] Speaker 2: maybe you've been living under a rock. And don't realize that there's a lot of crazy stuff going on in the world around us. economically,

[110:14] Speaker 3: politically, spiritually.

[111:47] Speaker 2: If any of y'all don't see that, I understand that maybe you have been really done a great job of cocooning yourself putting your blinders on and things like that, right. And so again, I don't want to pull you out of that, if that's you, the like, you ever heard like, the insult, like you got rosy colored glasses, and you don't see how everything is like the real side of thing? That's me. Okay. I am the rosy colored glasses don't see what's really going on type of person. And so for me, whenever I'm like, Okay, wait a sec, there's some stuff going on. It's probably a lot worse than I think it is. And I've noticed that. And so for me, I've gotten a little bit of awareness of the fact that, hey, people are struggling when it comes to the social media landscape, when it comes to creating content when it comes to getting clients. People are struggling, they're losing money, they're losing clients, they're losing deals, they're doing all the right things, and it's not working. They're doing all the stuff that I teach in this program, and it's not working. And I And here's what I do when that happens. And again, I don't care. I actually I let me rephrase that. I do care and support whatever faith you have. Let's put it that way. Or none. Do you have no faith? You know what I mean? Like I support any view that you have, whether it's a you worship God, you worship the universe, you you create a pentagram and burn some sage, whatever I love, you think it's great. I support you. And I've lost a lot of clients because of that, because I had a lot of people telling me that I need to only work with Christians, you know, or only work with people that practice witchcraft, or only work with people that and I'm like, What is witchcraft? As far as that goes, I had like five people this week, text me. And they're like, Jeremiah watched your latest videos in the in the group. You have the strongest, darkest Warlock spirit on you that I've ever seen anybody. I had seven ministers and pastors write me and say that was and I don't plan on doing anything different. And not my pastor, not the guy that I work with. By the way. This is this stuff right here is amazing. It's an herbal supplement an herbal vinegar, infused with digestive bitters to help you maintain a healthy blood sugar level. So I got bottles of this stuff. It's from a company called state level. It's apple cider vinegar. And then a bunch of stuff I can't pronounce. cinnamon bark fenugreek sweet orange peel. So I keep this stuff with me all day long. And it keeps my blood sugar in order which, which, which I have found nine times out of 10. If I'm going off the rails a little bit mentally it's a blood sugar imbalance thing. So for me, I figured out if I have that while I'm teaching or my webinars if I get really amped up about something, and I want to like keep myself in alignment of what I'm talking about, it helps me so as far as that goes, anyways, how y'all doing? family emergency, seven Christian ministers that I'm really good friends with writing me that I have a dark Warlock spirit. Three years ago, I had a bunch of ministers telling me that my wife is a witch and that I married a witch and that my children are going to be which kids when I was like, okay, and these were all people I was in business with. It's crazy. Um, Rick Pino did tell me though, that he thinks my son is like, they call it like an indigo child. I don't know what that means. But Rick was like, he's like an indigo child. He's like, your red hat. And Abigail is like cold as ice. Even though like you know, I think she's hot and spicy herself you know? But anyway, that's that's that's a different conversation. That's how we got in the predicament with our with two with our son. So let's see here live on Facebook.

[186:23] Speaker 2: It's been a crazy, crazy time.

[187:52] Speaker 3: Crazy week.

[188:29] Speaker 2: How many of y'all have had? Yeah, my son was playing with the Rubik's cube this morning. And he actually lines him up. It's kind of scary.

[190:54] Speaker 3: He's like 14 months old.

[192:06] Speaker 2: My mom wrote me she's like, Yeah, payback. Payback is a biatch is what my mom sent me. Now my mom, I I was a Angel as a child, and she's like, ah my mom laughed at me when I said I was an angel. The child she's like, Yeah, okay, keep you're telling yourself that. guy looks like an angel. Right? little angel. Thank you, Tara. My little devious, conniving, manipulative. Talk to anybody. I would go up to anybody in the grocery store. I want to become their best friend. You got a new granddaughter born on Friday. I love that. All right. Let's see. Join us live on Zoom. Here we go. I'm gonna share this in the group. Okay, awesome. So how many of y'all have noticed you've had a hard time getting clients? You've been struggling to get people in your business. And any business that you've had, maybe they've canceled or you've lost business or you've lost a job, or you've lost income in some kind? Have any of y'all experienced that in the last two months? It's okay to be honest about it. If not, that's amazing. And I think you should be teaching this lesson here today. As far as that goes, because whatever you've been doing for the last two, three months is probably your superpower. As far as that goes. But if you're like everybody that I've been talking with, and I'm telling you multimillionaires, see, it's different when you play the game at like 10 20 million. And you're used to like a million a month and then that drops to like 200k That hurts. That's like making 10k a month and now you're only making two.

[222:42] Speaker 3: You know, like

[223:31] Speaker 2: how many of y'all have ever lost 50% of your income in one moment in time? Instantly before? Um, y'all lost 100% of your income and all and actually almost been homeless before.

[228:18] Speaker 3: I have multiple times.

[229:11] Speaker 2: And that and that's something that a lot of it that's your biggest fear. Well, and you know what, I'll say this.

[231:24] Speaker 3: I think that's a healthy fear.

[232:34] Speaker 2: I think there's a healthy level of right, because Because here's the thing. I'm at the point now today, now that I got my family that I refuse to make the lead to allow that to happen. I will work through the night and not sleep and then like my wife is like you have to sleep because that's actually where your superpower comes from is sleeping. It's Monday my wife is like, Have you played some video games? It's so funny. She encourages me more than anybody else to watch sports, to watch movies and to play video games. She does tell me to stay off social media though, because I get real distracted by that algorithm. I get real sucked in by that algorithm. You want to know what algorithms got me hooked right now is that x algorithm from Elon Musk? Oh, my God, goodness. I'm like, an addict to Elon ZZ algorithm. But I have the discipline to close the app and not open it right. I haven't I didn't open it all morning. Because I'm not I'm gonna end up talking about like AI and Joe Biden State of the Union address and all this stuff here today, if I'm on there, and that's that's not what y'all came here to hear. You all came here to hear tactics and strategies on how to get more clients in your business, right? So while you're here are y'all are y'all here? Are you watching? Do you hear me? Okay? Is there anybody who like you can't engage or watch or participate today in this session? Because I'm going to talk about some stuff that I want you to be aware of something yourself and I want you to be aware of a behavioral pattern. Can you can you guys pay attention to me for just like 30 seconds here while I talk about this, and then we can move forward, just like total focus, if you can, if you can't watch the recording later and come back to this part right here, okay. Okay. Here's something that I have started to do in my life in my business. Number one, when I do things, I'm paying attention to what when I get distracted, and start paying attention to something else. Number two, I end up checking out and zoning out when I'm doing certain things and forgetting what I'm actually doing. Earlier today, I walked into my office and forgot why I walked in here. How many of y'all have that happened? You're doing something and then you forget why you're doing it, right? Stuff like that, especially and you want to know what causes this more often than not, I stress when you have a heart when you have other stuff going on? The brain is like a computer. Okay, computers have all these different parts inside of them. How many y'all have ever opened a computer up before? Um, y'all never open a computer up before and you just got to buy them and you use them how they come out of the box. Okay, awesome. I love Michelle, honestly, like, by the way I wrote. James wrote me and he wants to do a podcast with us. That's so cool. I had my I had my girl Rebecca right back to him, though, I don't know if he is gonna, I hope he doesn't get offended by that. Because I'm sure I could have responded directly. But I try to keep that boundary with people that are like outside my inner circle, or they're not like a client in our program or things like that. Because it's just it's important, I think to have those boundaries. How many of y'all if a famous person, James is getting kind of famous, right? Little bit, little bit? Honestly, I was like, excited when he said yes, because I'm like, slightly a fan of his two. Don't tell him that. Michelle, don't tell him. So

[294:26] Michelle Plucinsky: I won't tell him he interviewed Chris and I and so I love it was really nice. And it pulled out stuff that was super valuable. So I love it.

[296:48] Speaker 2: Anyways, I would love to be on his platform. I think he wants to be on my podcast. So I couldn't tell us I want to figure out what he wants to do. Um, how many y'all want to do a podcast? Some of y'all want to be on my podcast. Right to us. I know a couple of y'all reached out again, I'm putting moving some things around. I needed to text Rebecca and I need to I needed to go back and pull some of those and then we need to schedule. Just the last couple of weeks had been so crazy for me. But yeah, if you want to if you want to do a podcast and here's the thing, check this out. us doing a podcast episode, it's like you're getting a free one on one session with me. But here's what I'm gonna do, it's gonna be different because I'm also going to pull stuff out of you. That benefits me and our whole group as well. So that's the cool part about a podcast. It's like a one on one session, but it's not private. A one on one session we get to talk about the dirty stuff. We get to talk about your dirty laundry. We get to talk about the the nasty, nasty stuff that you don't want anybody to know about and I'll keep it private. And that's the thing I commit to I keep I keep that stuff private. How many of y'all have ever had your secrets exposed by people? And betrayed before?

[318:22] Speaker 3: It stinks. It really stinks. I

[321:05] Speaker 2: think Suma Garvey had asked about a podcast someone else who else how many, some of y'all written me about doing a podcast? And I haven't replied back. Adele, did you write me?

[324:13] Adele Best: No, it was on my to do list and I got distracted. Absolutely. So I just

[325:19] Speaker 2: told Rebecca Adele as well. See, I'm learning. I have a system now to speed stuff up, I send it to Rebecca. That's the system. It's great. She's incredible. She does that on less than 10 hours a week for me. And I'm like, you're a rock star at this. My wife trained her though, as what Rebecca told me my goal since working with you. And Abigail was to become a better version of Abigail, for business owners. And I was like, All right, let's do this. Because my wife is like the single greatest executive assistant on the planet. I mean, my wife could probably be Donald Trump's assistant, or Joe Biden's and wouldn't care who she worked with and would probably make the world a better place. That's what my wife does. She's really good. I have her again. I tried to separate that she's always told me. I'm not your assistant, and I never will be. She's like, we can train you and assistant and so it was great. We trained her with Rick Pino, Rebecca, and now she works for me. And so she's like, my, I hate the term work wife. I think that's weird. But like she's, you know, it's like, it's kind of like, but she's married her husband's? I think he's in the military or something. So they're amazing. They live in North Carolina, Rebecca, Rebecca Berkowitz. How many y'all have reached out to Rebecca before how many I've talked to her before. If you contact our email over at Hello at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Or there, there's a Contact page over at my site right here. See, Michelle, I'm answering your question now. It's right here at the bottom, it says contact. And then you can literally just fill out this form and it goes straight to Rebecca. Notice my contact form has a photo of downtown Austin that was 100% posturing to make it look really cool. Like, you know, they're contacting the mothership, and we're here, downtown. But you know, my wife and I are business partners, but she's not on payroll, and she doesn't get paid. She just spends all the money, which is totally fine. That's been our agreement. She's like, you make the money, honey, and I'll spend it sounds good. It's awesome. She does meet with my accountant though. She's amazing at accounting, she has a gift at it. My wife does. I mean, like, like savant level gifted when it comes to accounting and managing finances. So I don't worry about it. But I but I know what's going on. And so that's what I want to share with you guys here today is oftentimes what stops us in business, is the things that we hide that we don't want to talk about

[368:35] Speaker 3: is the things that are

[370:17] Speaker 2: stuff that we're not proud of. And I've never talked about this in this group before. And there's a reason why because I don't think I was ready to and I don't think this group was ready to and I don't think that I was being 100% transparent with everybody in here. For the longest time I was trying to be somebody that I'm not. And so today, I want to make that right on March 11. I apologize for ever showing up as a version of myself that is dishonest or not 100% authentic with you. Out of fear of how I might be taken, or received or offending somebody. Now, there's wisdom in that as well, because there's a way that you can be stupidly authentic, right? How many of y'all have ever been stupidly authentic before? You're saying you're what's on your mind, and they're like, oh, wow, like that dominoed into some crap that I don't ever want to happen. I am the king of that. That is literally like my life's.

[389:00] Speaker 2: And running my mouth and using alcohol and running my mouth together, have gotten me put in handcuffs more than a couple of times. Luckily, I was only ever charged with a DUI. I was only ever charged with driving while intoxicated. And I'll tell you this is the worst thing you could ever do. It's so stupid. Because you are risking the lives of every single other person on the road. And you show a lack of respect for humanity when he did that. showed

[399:07] Speaker 3: what I used to drink and drive

[400:28] Speaker 2: I'm even careful to like, like sometimes like certain supplements, like they'll get me like, like energy and stuff like that. And I won't get behind the wheel of a car if I feel

[403:42] Speaker 3: that I'm too amped up on coffee guys. Because I don't ever want to risk

[406:17] Speaker 2: that and I'll tell you, Texas has some really good programs

[408:45] Speaker 2: when you struggle with alcohol issues, they have a class that's mandatory that they put you through in Texas. And I'll tell you this, I rolled my eyes in that class. The whole time, I thought it was stupid. But the words that they taught me in that class still ringing in my ears today.

[415:06] Speaker 2: That's why I don't drink and drive. That's why I don't encourage anybody do it. And also, if you've done it before, like, give yourself grace, but just don't do it anymore. You know what I mean? Just not good. I had the other three times that I was arrested, those were expunged. Actually, I had to go before a judge and have him expunge them. And I actually two of those times defended myself without an attorney. I went in myself without an attorney, whatsoever, defended myself and got the charges expunged off my record, and dropped. Because they weren't valid, they were fake. They were false. But I ran my mouth to a cop three times. And he and he wanted to show me his authority is what it was. And I had this one cop I kept running into. And so every time I saw him, I would run my mouth at him. And I was very disrespectful. And I'd be like, you can't put me in handcuffs. And he's like, Here, watch and I got this charge this charge and this charge on you. He's like, you can take care of it in court, they'll drop it but I want to show you that I can put you in jail if I want to. That's what he told me. And he did three times. And all three times I got them exposed and and I I would sit down at coffee to this day and be like, Dude, you know what? You helped me? Thank you. Like I would thank him and shake his hand.

[437:44] Speaker 3: You know, angry I was at this cop 15 years ago

[440:03] Speaker 2: he was trying to help me he was trying to protect me. And you know what he always told me I remember this. He's like, You should pay attention to who your friends are and who you're hanging out with. Because even if you're not committing a crime, they're influencing you and that it bodes badly on you of who you hang out with. And guess what I was hanging out with all the drug dealers all the drug the drug addicts, all the all the traffickers, they were bringing in drugs from Mexico, they were my friends. I didn't know they were doing this. Looking back now I know they did it sad. So that's why I associated with and now. But then I'm like playing victim like why are y'all picking on me to the police? And they were like, Well, do you see who your friends are? And it's because I just growing up how I did. I always craved friendship. How many of y'all feel like have craved friendship before you felt lonely? You felt like I would do anything for a relationship with somebody. That's real. A split especially if you've dealt with abuse, and trauma. And some of y'all are like I would do anything for a client in my business. If the money is green, I'll take it. And I want to give you all a word of warning. Do not do that.

[463:27] Speaker 3: Walk away

[464:15] Speaker 2: from good ideas. If they take your piece away because your piece is worth far more than finances. It is I've walked away from 50 $100,000 month contracts 50k A month 100k A month, walked away. told them I don't think this is a good fit. I don't think we should be working together. refunded 10s of 1000s of dollars to clients who wrote me and said they don't feel safe talking to me. They don't feel safe around me. I have had milk because we have a lot of women in here when I talk about the issues that I've dealt with with alcohol. I've had a number of women write us and say Jeremiah, I don't feel safe being a client of yours and again, that's something I'm working on. And I apologize if you've ever felt that way. That's something that I want to be aware of.

[482:48] Speaker 3: Okay? So again,

[484:46] Speaker 2: like I take the me to movement very seriously.

[486:13] Speaker 3: I do.

[486:47] Speaker 2: And I don't ever want to be a reason that somebody says, Oh, they felt manipulated or coerced, or Jeremiah intimidated me or pressured me into giving him money to be a client.

[490:21] Speaker 3: You know what I do when people

[491:02] Speaker 2: tell me that they hate my guts, and they don't ever want to work with me again. I give them free access to all my courses.

[493:11] Speaker 3: For life.

[493:54] Speaker 2: I've had some people that know that and they've used it and manipulated it out of me. You know, they're like, Oh, this is cool. I can get free access to all this stuff. I just write in a hate letter to Jeremiah. And, and so I got because I used to say that on my podcast. And so then I realized people were listening to the podcast, and then they came up with that as like a method to like, get free stuff out of me. As far as that goes, to became like this thing. How many y'all have ever had that happen? Where somebody complains so much and starts demanding free stuff out of you? And they start telling you, there's no honor in that. There's no honor. And what Shonda in me giving that to them?

[506:29] Shonda Whitworth: Maybe, I'm sorry. And them taking advantage of that. There's no honor and, and in in them taking advantage of you that

[510:05] Speaker 2: way? Well, the are they take more caution, or have

[511:12] Shonda Whitworth: any of us because

[511:45] Speaker 2: their truth is that they feel unsafe Roman.

[513:59] Speaker 3: I don't want to ever

[514:48] Speaker 2: say that somebody's truth is not true, simply because I don't understand it.

[516:37] Speaker 3: Okay, especially in business.

[517:39] Speaker 2: That's a very quick way to get yourself sued.

[519:39] Speaker 3: Instead,

[520:17] Speaker 2: I say the customer's always right, whatever they want goes. They're the ones that actually get to run the show. And that's the way that you got to operate in business is that your customers that you are willing to do the right thing by your customers by whatever they feel is right. No matter what. And you don't need to punish manipulators, you want them as far away from you as possible. How many you all like when people try to manipulate you? You're like, I want to go after them and make them hurt. Right? That is not the right thing to do. I used to be that way. I used to be the person who was like, Okay, if somebody tries to screw me over, I'm gonna make them hurt as much as they tried to hurt me. And gosh. You had a solicitor customer tried to threaten you with what are you talking about? Adele? Well, on that especially happens if you've been generally that if if that was an actual manipulative client, it's probably a narcissist that recognized your vulnerability.

[538:11] Adele Best: Yeah, he was just he was just really, really, really demanding from my transcription business. He didn't like the job. I thought it was like, I think it was Christmas Eve, and he was demanding that I worked over Christmas day to do more. No, I'm not. And I just said no. And he was he was like, I'm gonna go to the judge. And I was like, go to the judge. He was like, trying to threaten me. I was like, it doesn't fit. And he was operating in that manipulative spirit. And I just called his bluff. And I was like, Yeah,

[545:11] Speaker 2: but you know, I mean, stuff happens. And here's the thing. So I want to show you all something here real quick. Actually, I don't feel comfortable sharing the screen. There's a reason why I don't feel comfortable sharing the screen. There is a there's a business that my wife and I do business with all the time. And it involves

[552:20] Speaker 3: personal matters.

[553:01] Speaker 2: They have some Google reviews right here. This person in business has admitted in open courtroom that they disgustingly murdered my son. That is the review on Google for this business. This was 100% caused by egregious negligence by this business. And there's like 12 paragraphs in this review right here. Here's another review completely different experience and what they claim to be. They are the worst people on planet Earth, they will kill your family if you do business with them. Please do your own research before you work with these murderers send written some way she's respected, but it's because she's a liar. She kills people. So tell you what the business is. It's a midwife who gives birth to babies. And she's an amazing woman. But she does not carry malpractice insurance. Because she finds it it helps her show up at a higher level people, because she's not using the insurance to stand behind that as far as it goes. There are times when during birth with a midwife, you have to transfer the mother and child to a hospital. And what ended up happening, they had a situation where that ended up happening and the child passed away at the hospital. But now they're blaming the midwife for it. Because they say that it was the midwives negligence as far as this goes. So it's greatest. We love this. This gal, she's awesome. She's, I'll tell you, she was the midwife for a bunch of our friends to lots of healthy babies. So amazing. Woman. amazing, incredible. Right. But again, I don't want to I don't want to like share, like her location with you, as far as that goes. Because you know, if we have more more kids, we want to use this midwife. We plan on it. She's amazing. She's incredible. It's where Halston was delivered. But those are the Google reviews that she has. That those stories in open court are the truth of these families. Sad, right. And to them and their friends, they got all kinds of all of their friends are leaving reviews daily, on Google, on this midwife. And she was so sweet. She just wrote to some of the she hasn't even reached out to solicit a single positive review from her other families. Like she operates in such a high level of integrity, that she's not even trying to stuff those reviews. Does that make sense? But she has worked with a team of consultants to figure out okay, how do we protect ourselves? Are there certain agreements, are there different contracts, we need to write up so she, so she has been working the last two years to rewrite up her contracts and all kinds of stuff like that, as far as that goes, having contracts in the coaching business is important. How many y'all saw that post that I made this week that we're gonna start having required contracts here in the accelerator? Luckily, nobody who is currently in the Accelerator has to sign one. Because I never I never asked you to when you joined. You know, all I did was ask, Hey, I would recommend that you stay for a year, as far as that goes. And I said, if you remember, in the sales pitch, I said by you joining, you're at least agreeing to be here for about a year. But it was a verbal more gentleman's agreement, right. As far as that goes. We don't have people we, we've actually not had anybody in the last. We've had, okay, we've had like, we've had like two people. The one lady who wrote me says she was unsafe, she's like, I didn't sign a contract, you need to let me go, I'm done. And I'm like, okay. If here's the amount that still do, that's what I had, Rebecca sent her an email. Here's the amount of still do. We'll pause your payments so that anytime you want to finish out paying that you're more than happy to. Again, we don't have contracts, but it's a verbal thing. I've always expressed that in my sales pitch as far as that goes. But now I've noticed as we move forward, and some of the stuff that we're doing that we need to have contracts. And I think the reason why is because I also need to limit my liability a little bit. And so I have I'm going to be working with an attorney on coming up with what this is. As far as that goes. I'm updating our terms of service and things like this. Here's the thing. So if you if you are in the accelerator and you start a cult that causes people to do blood sacrifice, I am not responsible for the fact that you attracted those clients using my methods. So you're looking at me like wait, what But that's the thing. Like the stuff that I teach could be used to do that by a bad actor. No, no, I'm saying like, if somebody wanted to start a, an evil cult with what I teach, they totally could. You know, I'm saying some of y'all are like staring at me like you're not

[648:07] Speaker 2: Have you all gone that deep into my training to realize that yet as to how easy it could be to start a cult with what I teach.

[650:39] Speaker 2: And the fact that I grew up in a cult and partner with a number of people that I think could be cult leaders that I know how to start cults. I so there's a new course in the members area that I've been teaching. How many of y'all haven't like dove into the members area or any of the courses in there? It's a goldmine of stuff. Because it's I never repeat myself in those courses. I never say something that I say in here. So I'm not saying a lot of things here. That I do say in the courses.

[661:32] Speaker 2: As far as that goes. There is a course in the members area that I want to make sure everybody has access to.

[666:01] Speaker 2: That's not my lanes, I don't want to attract the cold thing. You're a couple. Okay, well, here's the thing, though. So that's the thing. You do have to do the same behaviors that attract people to a call. If you're unwilling to do so then you're probably not going to get clients. And that's that's something that I've been trying to get across to people. It doesn't seem to click. And I've been sort of beating around the bush about the fact that there are behaviors that you need to do that may be uncomfortable for you, that may not feel good or ethical, and could be used for evil. But they're not evil if you don't have that evil intention. Does that make sense?

[680:34] Speaker 3: Now I mean, this book

[683:49] Speaker 2: is the Bible, on what to say, to start a call.

[686:07] Speaker 3: And then this book is a blueprint

[687:21] Speaker 2: on exactly what to say verbally, to make it so that people have a very hard time saying no.

[689:25] Speaker 3: With engaging with you.

[691:20] Speaker 2: I don't actually have a Bible in here. Some of you all are Christian. Oh, wait, no, I do have a Bible in here. Here we go. There have been more cults started by people who read this book than anything else on the planet. Okay. So do we just throw this book out the door because people that do evil, read it. Shana, I think you should stop reading your Bible because there's evil people out there that read it. You see what I'm saying? You see the logic there. But that's the same logic that people use about this book right here. It's the same logic that people use about this book right here. And in fact, you want to know what book is actually really more of a cult book, how many y'all have ever read this book? How to Get Organized when you don't have time, this simple five step approach to fit your busy schedule. This whole book is about Buddhism. It's trying to hook you into Buddhism, the entire book, and Fung Shui and a whole bunch of other Taoism type isms. And I'm like, You know what, it's pretty good book actually. Got some good content, but I can see the underlying message here. I can see the underlying like spiritual aspect in the book, and why it's so important. You want to know it has more of a cult like following than anything else. Video games. I mean, that looks like a cult right there. Look at that logo. The Legend of Zelda. I got I got the original right here. Legend of Zelda right here. But since I've been a child, I'm just I'm a I'm a full card carrying member of the Zelda Cole. I am Like I, I worship at the throne of the Temple of Time. Here's the thing, your brain right now is wanting to check out and not listen to me. It's wanting to shut me up. Because you are uncomfortable by the things that I'm saying. That's normal human behavior, to check out to leave, and to walk away from stuff that makes you feel comfortable. Here's the thing, though, when it comes to you building your business, that behavior will keep you broke. Does that make sense? That behavior of not having control over your human functionality of needing to checkout is legitimately why you can't make money in your business.

[734:07] Speaker 3: And, quite frankly, like, I would encourage you, like, if,

[736:10] Speaker 2: if this bothers you how I'm being right now and the stuff that I'm saying,

[737:48] Speaker 3: you should reconsider being on these calls ever, period. As far as that goes.

[740:21] Speaker 2: And I'm saying that because I want to help you succeed. But the problem is, is that for me, y'all don't actually want me to tell you what you need to hear. You want me to lie to you, and you want me to blow smoke, and you want me to tell you what feels good, what makes you feel good. And what makes you feel like you're doing stuff and what makes you feel like it's gonna make you money, you would rather that I lie to you, than actually tell you the truth. Because what happens is, whenever I tell people the truth, they check out, they shut down. They can't engage, they have to leave, they have to walk away. That's what happens when I host webinars. As I've actually strategically designed my webinars in that way. My goal in any time that I do a live webinar, or anytime that I do a live event is to repel, repel, repel.

[757:11] Speaker 3: Repel as far as this goes, right.

[758:32] Speaker 2: And my goal is because I want people that are not going to get results with my training, because I can't help everybody I can't, I can only help the people that want to be helped, that are willing to listen, that are willing to engage that don't feel the need to check out shut down, go lay in a ball on the couch for five days because of something Jeremiah says and then need to write me 12 paragraphs of a nasty email as to why I'm the most evil human being on the planet.

[767:24] Speaker 3: Because of what I teach people

[768:43] Speaker 2: I get the I get every time I host a webinar every time I at least once a month, at least once a month. I get an email from somebody who tells me Jeremiah, you are the most evil person I've ever met on the planet because you are teaching people how to start cults. Because you're teaching people how to perform witchcraft. Because you're teaching people how to do a seance, and to burn people money and to steal from them. That's what I've had. Those are the letters that get written to me, whenever I host webinars, those are the letters I get. And when you start getting like it used to be able to get them every month I would get like five or 10 of them. Now I get maybe one every

[783:50] Speaker 3: month or so on my webinars

[785:23] Speaker 2: it gets harder when it's your friends, though. When it's people that you've worked close with, that's why like I had like I had seven different pastors and ministers write me this week and say Jeremiah, you operate in the darkest Warlock spirit that I've ever seen of anybody. And so I contacted a couple spiritual mentors of mine and I'm like, what, what is this about? And maybe they see something in me that I don't see. I'm probably blind to it. Whatever. Okay. I don't even know what a dark Warlock spirit means. But like That's weird. I think that's weird to just like call somebody up out of the blue and tell them that but those are the messages that I get I get I get told that I'm dishonorable this loyal disrespectful that I got no respect for people that I get off on Trump. In over women to assert my authority on women, to show them that I'm the boss, that I'm the man, that I love to just shut women up and slap them around. And that that's what I get off on. And that it gives me some kind of arise. That's what I have. I have, I had a couple of people write me and tell me that a

[805:56] Speaker 3: couple months ago.

[807:24] Speaker 2: Now granted, the men that I was raised with that raised by that taught me that's what they taught me to do. That's how they taught me to lead in my home. That's how they taught me to be as a husband. And I'm not the perfect husband. But I'm working to do way better than my dad was with my mom. He used to beat her throat, punch holes in the wall, and then used to grab me by the neck throw me against the wall and say he was going to kill me if I ever tried to protect her. And he said, That was a promise. Again, he'll deny it. If he's, he's the crazy, crazy type of guy. If he saw me say that on a recording like this, he would sue me for libel and slander. Because that's all he could ever do in life is control people by being a putz control people with his negativity, and we all know he learned it from his mom and dad.

[823:38] Speaker 2: Now for about that. How many of y'all, there's a reason, by the way, how many y'all are like, Why is Jeremiah talking about this? There's literally a point to it all. And yet, y'all have checked out and literally think I'm just rambling on stuff that doesn't matter. I have a question about restream. Would you prefer questions here or on the 3pm? You know, we'll take questions here in a sec. But I've been talking about some stuff. So I'm still in the middle of the live training right now, with people as far as this goes. So I'm going to take some questions for about 30 minutes after once we hit the top of the hour, you can ask me that, or you can ask at the 3pm. But the 3pm is specifically for people that are that are not in the accelerator, because the goal of it as as marketing to get them in here as far as this goes. So again, if you have a question posted in the chat here, I haven't even been looking at the chat at all. I'm not even been reading it at all i. So oftentimes, you may not realize this, I close the chat window, and I closed the screen where I can see people's faces. Because it distracts me to read all that as far as that goes. So I don't even see it as far as it goes. So yes, so you could totally type your question in here. I want to make sure that I serve you as best as I can as far as this goes. Or

[846:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could ask it three or you can ask in five minutes. Just a sec. All right. Tammy says I have to go to fly will catch the replay. That's not why I'm leaving. I have another meeting. Oh, awesome. Yeah.

[850:10] Speaker 2: Yeah, no, Tammy has gotta go. She's got a lot of stuff going on. Oh, no, I'm really into New Age cult stuff, then. Just spread the gospel. And it's a matter of the heart. Intentions matter. That's not my lane. I don't want to attract the cult. Oh, I gotcha. That's what I had said, Okay. I did well, on Saturday, I've noticed people have started posting quite judgmental comments from Christians since I started posting about business coaching. religious spirit doesn't like Christian women aspiring to get wealthy, this is important. So I'm gonna wrap this all up in six minutes, and I'll take raise your hand, there's a button in zoom to raise your hands, you can kind of get in the queue for your questions. As far as that goes, that's the best way to get in the queue. We'll take the questions for 30 minutes, maybe 40. And then I gotta go eat lunch. So that then because I did not pre record my session for the three day, it's not pre recorded. So I have to eat lunch, and then I'm gonna go do the three day as far as that goes. Okay. So that's why we got to cut this short, just a little bit here today. As far as this goes. All this to say, you will have negativity in your business, but don't hope for it. Don't expect it. Don't think it's going to happen. But y'all gotta realize that like it's gonna happen, it happens. You can't control it because you can't control other people. And there are people that are narcissists and psychopaths that get off on using negativity to steal from you. To get you to give a level of service that you never promised. They're trained in psychology, they understand how psychology works, and they understand how to find your exact triggers to manipulate you to give a service that you never promised to them. I have had to happen all the time, but I recognize it now. Where people like those sign up for I had this happened about a year ago. person signed up for a year of coaching with me signed a contract. And then every week strategically kept demanding more and more and more from me, and then wrote me and finally said, I feel like you are egregious ly under serving me that you are that you defrauded me that you lied to me when you sold me that you had this package. And the fact that you did not respond in the last two hours to me shows that you are a crook. And so I demand the last three months of payment back that I paid you. And I will make sure that everybody knows to never do business with you. And so I gave them back for three months, I gave them lifetime access to my courses. And then I wrote them and I said this, I said, By the way, that's probably not the best time to do so. But if you ever feel a need to record a video to either create a testimony, let people know about your experience, work with me, let me know. Or if you just feel the need to make a YouTube video to expose me to people totally fine. Just make sure to send it to me. It's worth it. So understand that like no matter what you do, no matter how much integrity you have, no matter how much goodwill that you bring forward, you will still have people complain, be disappointed whine, moan, create a narrative to demonize you. You can't control it, you have no power to present to prevent it. Does that make sense? In the short term, in the long term, I think you'll be able to, in the long term you can. This is why you need to have boundaries, what I've always noticed is the worst this gets. So anytime it's more amplified, and I get a lot of negativity coming to me from people you want to you want to know it's a sign of you won't notice, you know, you want to know what a surefire sign of when to have stronger boundaries is when massive negativity and hatred comes towards you. It means that you and I want you to take a look at where whoever that came from that negativity. have empathy for what were they demanding of you? What did they feel you didn't deliver? And then was there a pattern or a red flag that you didn't notice when you first started working with them or that you ignored as a client, because you wanted to make money because you cared more about money. And again, I get it sometimes you have to work with people you don't want to work with for money. So like understand that, like if you've ever worked in a corporate job, you know, that's the case, right? You know, like your boss is like at how many all I'm describing your boss to you at work, right? Exactly. Realize that as a business owner, your clients basically become your boss, and you start working for them. But you got to make sure to not step into codependency. You got to make sure to not submit to their demands and their red flags. And this is why contracts are so important to have. So that's why I realized we don't have contracts here in the accelerator right now. none of y'all signed a contract to be in here. I do have contracts for my one on one coaching. I have had people sign up for a contract, agree to it. And then write me 10 pages as to why I need to release them from it. Because I'm a scammer. And give me their attorneys number and say I will destroy you if you don't release me from this. Because that's what people do in business, they use the law to intimidate and control people. Understand that that is the world that you're going into simply by agreeing to do business on the internet. Right. And so I haven't talked about this ever in here. Because I haven't felt the need to yet. And I realized that what I'm teaching you now the new level of what I'm teaching you see, so I had a member of the accelerator roll his eyes at me the other day. Because I said that I've been holding back on some of the stuff that I want to teach until I have the structure right? Whether you believe that or not, or you think that I'm lying about that. That's your that's your call, whatever. I have been intentionally holding back certain methodologies that I know can be abused by bad actors. Because I want to make sure that nobody in this program is going to be doing that. And so in the past I've been like well it's not your job to control that and people there comes a level to that because of course I get that but let me ask you this. If I handed a loaded gun to my one year old son is it just not my job to make sure that he doesn't use it? No, CPS will get called on me and I would go to jail. That makes sense. And, again, a lot of y'all have not gone through the training in the members area, especially as part of the new course that we have. We have a brand new course that I've been teaching. That I believe is a very dangerous course it is. It's very dangerous. It's one of the most dangerous things I've ever taught. And I've been terrified to teach it. Because I know the scrutiny that's going to come on me when I teach it. It's called a running an impactful mastermind group. Running an impactful mastermind group, from beginner to mastermind. Right here, it was not evolving with human mental changes due to AI and social media. The ethical right way to coach and what I taught and this lesson is I taught the example of like, you got to be careful with these tactics, because they could literally be used to start a cult if you wanted to. And there's a net there's a Netflix documentary on a coaching business, called a squid escaping twin flames. It's about a spiritual coaching business that a documentary was created on a couple built a powerful spiritual business to help people find true love. Now, former followers are sharing the disturbing practices in a new documentary. Escaping twin flames it's an expose a on the experience that people had, as part of this coaching business. How many y'all saw this one seduced inside the Nexium cult, a pyramid scheme that turned out to be a sex trafficking operation. I would highly recommend you watch it. Because a lot of the tactics that I teach about growing a coaching business are what they use to get people in. Almost exactly the same method. When I watched this documentary, I'm like, wow, if somebody watched this documentary, and then listened to my coaching, they would put two and two together and be like, Wow.

[1003:26] Speaker 3: I don't feel safe. Being a part of

[1004:48] Speaker 2: what Jeremiah teaches people. Because a lot of the tactics are the same.

[1006:57] Speaker 3: A lot of the methods that I teach are the same. They feel the same.

[1008:36] Speaker 2: And if you go watch those documentaries, you will discover this you will see you'll see right through what I've been trying to help y'all understand as far as this goes, there's another documentary that's out there. Um, how many y'all remember this Gwen? Gwen Shamblin remember GWEN SHAMBLIN. Christian diet coach. And the true story of her death was an HBO Max documentary all about her. The fact is that she was running a cult as far as this goes. It's on HBO Max. It was in 2021 2021 HBO Max, when Shamblin documentary, the way down God greed and the cult of Glenn Shamblin. It's good. I've watched it. My mom used to follow all of GWEN SHAMBLIN stuff when I was younger. I read all of her books when I was younger. But it was nasty the stuff going on behind the scenes. And the same methods that she used to grow this or what I teach you guys. Isn't that interesting?

[1027:27] Speaker 3: Last one, last one.

[1028:35] Speaker 2: Hillsong I mean, you all saw the Hillsong documentary Hillsong the secrets of Hillsong

[1031:09] Speaker 3: I watched this

[1032:54] Speaker 3: and I'm like

[1033:30] Speaker 2: it's literally the playbook that I have done with multiple Christian ministries and churches

[1035:27] Speaker 3: to a tee identical.

[1037:13] Speaker 2: And then they're in here talking about how anybody who does this is a cult leader, and is evil. And so then I had people who joined me on my web NARAS and they've watched all these documentaries, and then they can they sort of put the dots together and they're like, oh my god, Jeremiah is evil. So that's what I'm saying. There's a course in the members area where I'm teaching you this stuff on how to run an impactful coaching group. It's how I run this group.

[1046:20] Speaker 3: It is

[1047:28] Speaker 2: how many y'all are terrified to be in here now, knowing that, that somebody that is using those tactics has used them on you, and uses them every single day on his social media, on my three day intensives on my webinars, and that's what I teach. And that's what I would encourage you to do. You understand. But here's the thing, they're neither good or evil. You have to make sure that you're operating in truth, you have to make sure that your intention is not to hurt people. But when it comes to the advertising campaigns, and how you do this, it's all about using the art of enticing people in with something that looks really good on the outside. And then you hook them in and get them in to what they really need and what they really desire as far as that goes. And that is exactly what I teach you how to do here in this program. It's exactly what my mom and I mentored Mike Bickle at IHOP on how to do to grow. I hop University. My mom and I sat down with Mike Bickle and his marketing team and mentored them on using these tactics to grow that my mom worked closely with Steven Furtick. With Elevation Church, my mom worked very closely with Bethel Church, using these tactics to do that the tactics that Dan we use were Danny Johnson.

[1073:08] Speaker 3: So do you understand how like, this stuff could be used for evil.

[1075:02] Speaker 2: There's a whole YouTuber called Coffee Zilla, that is exposing coaching scams from people that are trying to steal money from you.

[1077:39] Speaker 3: So here's the thing.

[1078:15] Speaker 2: Am I a coaching scam? By one 100% of what I have told you, some of you may be able to make a case that actually says that I am. And that I use manipulation and coercion and intimidation, to be able to manipulate people to become my clients. And that's what I'm actually teaching you how to do. And that's what I teach two ministries. That's what I teach to churches, that's what I teach to anybody, no matter what walk of life, they are a part of whether they're part of the same faith as me or not, because they are not

[1086:51] Speaker 3: morally

[1087:37] Speaker 2: aligned with one thing or another. They are like a loaded gun. They can be used for protection, or to do harm. And I've always told people this, I am like Tony Stark, and how many y'all watched Iron Man, he sold weapons to the enemy and the United States. I give tools for free, and I plan you're gonna watch it. I'm gonna give this information away for free to people today without even qualifying if they deserve to hear it or not. And that might terrify some people, the fact that I put this information out there for free on YouTube. Does that make sense? So what I'm saying is that you could do all the right things with integrity, and you can still have people that a might get hurt by mistakes that you make. And you have to be responsible for the fact that if you hurt people, with these tactics, you are responsible, whether you agree with it or not. Whether you intended to do so or not, does not matter in a court of law. Just like if I killed somebody driving drunk, which thank God I never did. I was still responsible for my actions and my choices to do so by you getting this information and being here in this program, you are responsible for how you use this information. With great power comes great responsibility. How many y'all saw Spider Man and you remember that? What I teach you and what is in these courses is very powerful. If you learn to apply it, if it works for you, okay? You can't that's why you cannot allow the fear of other people's judgement or disappointment to control you. And you cannot let people manipulate you that know how to psychologically twist your brain to be able to take control of you. You've got to learn to get better at the game than they are And the number one thing that's going to make you better is to understand human psychology again, you're probably not going to be as knowledgeable psychology as a therapist is you don't need to be. But you need to understand what drives people. How do the hormones fluctuate in people, when they see certain pieces of content? When they see a piece of social media content, how does it affect people's dopamine or oxytocin or their cortisol or their adrenaline when they see a piece of content? When I read a book, right, I can read this book right here.

[1129:04] Speaker 3: I can read this book right here from Frank Peretti.

[1130:12] Speaker 2: Kind of looks like an evil book. He's a Christian author, right? I could read this book right here. This is probably a lot more sinister of a book than that other one. Heck, I could read this book right here, The Legend of Zelda guide. And it will make me feel one way or another. It's the same with social media. Words have power to create the world around you your words on a Facebook ad, impart energy into the situation of the people that see your ad. And then that energy is a piece of your presence that influences the choices that people make. That is the power of rhetoric, and sales copy. And we'll talk about that later. We'll talk about rhetoric. And we'll talk about all of that. I'll teach some more on that later. I want to take some questions. Now here, Sue, you've been so patient, thank you. I've been trying to help people not start cults is basically my point. Because this information could be used to do so. That's basically the point of all of this, because I don't want anybody to start a cult and be evil. But if somebody has evil motives, they they could use it for that. What's up soon.

[1154:07] Sue McGarvie: Hey, Jeremiah. Um, so last week, I talked to you about Twitch, which I've since set up in my account actually got somebody off Fiverr to help navigate that because it was exploding another one of my tech challenges. I'm trying to delegate the stuff that I'm not good at, and really focus on the stuff that I can do, which is creating content. So I'm doing my very first stream I got I followed what you were talking about when you were doing it and signed up for a month of restream to see how it goes perfect. And usual Facebook nonsense Facebook is doesn't like my page. They don't like I know. Yeah, yeah.

[1164:28] Speaker 2: Yeah, so yeah, so you gotta you could probably stream on Twitch though on restricted.

[1165:41] Speaker 3: I'm going to do twitch. I'm going to do send a link to twitch through Facebook. Okay,

[1167:15] Sue McGarvie: well Twitch the Twitch. Twitch loaded perfectly.

[1168:02] Speaker 2: Yeah, they're for your content. Unrestricted guaranteed. So

[1169:11] Sue McGarvie: that's good. Yeah, because this is this is the

[1170:30] Speaker 2: more this is what's your only fans you could probably do great with.

[1171:38] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, I don't have the body for warfare.

[1172:05] Speaker 2: I think Patreon you'd be okay. Right? Well,

[1172:47] Sue McGarvie: I'm trying to see if I can link to Patreon. This is my question. Like, I'm trying to

[1173:45] Speaker 2: get one for you Do it like 18 and up version and then like an open one.

[1174:49] Sue McGarvie: I have. I've got 100 videos on Patreon and I know I have 200 videos up on Patreon. I call it the open legs one is my sex ed Kinect. And one is my over 40 Kinect asked and it's because I have I have like decades of you know grown up sex ed content just for it's not adult content. It is yeah, I you know, I keep saying it's not the doctors video but sure as hell it's just it's it's really good information mainly for couples around AI as a as my, my sheet of Staff says, The dating takes them to the door of the bedroom Sue and then you give them ideas on how to make sure the relationship is sustainable in that department. So it's very true.

[1186:00] Speaker 2: It's very true. I gosh. Hey, I've been I've been married since 2017. I tell you it's very true.

[1188:24] Sue McGarvie: Yes, yes. And she she looks formidable. I saw your God loved friggin love. He's awesome. He is oh my god that silver dress I showed to people the dress I'm like, Oh, wow. Yes, he looks

[1191:47] Speaker 2: we we wanted to just push everybody's like rattle their cages a little bit because everyone was like, like she had to wear a white dress. So she made sure not to intentionally. Yeah,

[1194:32] Sue McGarvie: well, it's good. So I Yeah, it was lovely. So I'm trying to figure out what is right here. Yeah, I'm trying to figure out specifically how can i right there. Yeah, it was so it's a phenomenal dress.

[1198:00] Speaker 2: And it was a tiny wedding. Yeah, so anyways, yep.

[1199:19] Sue McGarvie: I'm trying to figure out the YouTube Apparently it takes 24 hours for you to to update. I want to. I don't know if I can if I can do it on x. I don't know if I can do it on

[1202:13] Speaker 2: YouTube. Okay, what do you mean? I'm looking at it, it says

[1203:10] Sue McGarvie: Activate your YouTube account. So you need to turn on live streaming on your channel enable live streaming. And then I had to do and then it says YouTube has to approve it.

[1206:19] Speaker 3: Oh, I gotcha.

[1207:06] Sue McGarvie: Yeah. No, they haven't done that. Yeah. So I'm just I guess I'm trying to figure out how to best they should

[1208:44] Speaker 2: if they don't approve it, you can take the recording and upload it. And then they might. So here's the thing with YouTube, here's why live streaming is live streaming, I'll tell you this is actually it's a very dangerous thing. Because you can do anything live and a lot of these big platforms, they want to make sure that like you're not hosting like a, like a horror house or something. Have you seen that? Stuff? No. There's people they do these like live like, like they like they actually like, they have like live like horror and torture videos. It's an actual God. So YouTube wants to make sure that you're not doing that. Sorry if I like scared everybody that's here. But you gotta be aware of like, the internet is a very dark place. That's why a lot of these restrictions, they're not coming after you unnecessarily. They're coming after the bad actors that would present themselves like how you are.

[1223:52] Sue McGarvie: Okay, well, that's not me. Yeah, no, I know. It's not. You know, I've got 30 years of why Oh,

[1225:47] Speaker 2: I know. So that's why you gotta use you as you enter agency.

[1226:36] Sue McGarvie: No, no, but um, yeah, so I'm trying to figure this out. So I'm working on on YouTube, though, too. Yeah, I'm working on the technology, the restream is actually compared to twitch compared to

[1229:35] Speaker 2: go might flag your videos as over 18 content.

[1230:24] Sue McGarvie: That's fine. I can live with that. Yeah, I'd rather be over 18 content. Yeah,

[1231:25] Speaker 2: I think it's okay, though. I've watched some great content, I gotta click it and like, agree that Dratini over 18. And it's just it's because it's like, it's not it's very, it's not so if you want kids watching

[1235:08] Speaker 3: or listening to? Yeah.

[1236:01] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, well, what I'm looking for is, is there other streams, other platforms that you would suggest?

[1237:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, since Facebook is kind of not doing it with you again, so there's some other platforms that involve like streaming in general, right, where you can stream on them, but they're not necessarily designed for streaming, if that makes sense. Okay, so one of them is like there's this new one. It's called the school.com let you stream

[1247:04] Speaker 2: I don't know if they let you like, oh, yeah, live streaming and school. Okay, here. So, school I've never heard of, I don't think they do offer live streaming. No, no, Vimeo. Vimeo does.

[1249:32] Sue McGarvie: I'm on Vimeo, I tell I have to get my, that's how I know. I'm doing Vimeo. In order to put it up on Patreon. I had to do it. I had to have a Vimeo account. Yeah,

[1252:40] Speaker 2: so Vimeo will allow you to do that. Um, it's just I think it's just the nature of your content is what it is.

[1254:39] Sue McGarvie: Okay, so that's fair. I just I guess I want to be I am trying to make sure I'm cutting edge had I listened to my now 16 year old niece four years ago when she was 12 and said, Auntie Sue, go on tick tock. I'm like, What the hell, you know, I would have had a huge

[1258:59] Speaker 2: time though, to go on tick tock right now, because the algorithms different than it was a year ago. So when I did this little thing on tick tock just for fun, and I just started swiping and liking any content that grabbed my attention, I don't care what it is. And so it ended up like it ended up showing me some really weird content, but I'm like, actually, all of this is interesting to me. And so I trained the algorithm in about like, five minutes to show me relevant content that quickly by liking content that grabbed my attention. And what I was looking for internally was what is creating some kind of like a dopamine rush in me as far as that goes, you know? What is what is getting me like to like feel something when I see the content? And so for me, I always try to become self aware when I'm scrolling social media. How is this content making me feel? Have you ever done that before?

[1277:00] Speaker 2: Sue, are you still there? I think we lost two

[1280:24] Speaker 3: We lost her Sue Can you hear me?

[1284:18] Speaker 3: What's up? What's up? Adele? Are you all still here?

[1287:11] Speaker 2: Can you hear me now? Hello, I can hear you. Tiffany can hear me. Michelle can hear me. Sue and Adele could not

[1291:11] Speaker 3: at all hear me now.

[1292:00] Speaker 2: Adele can hear me so you cannot sue check if something logged in is connected to Bluetooth or something like that. Check if a Bluetooth device synced with you. Sometimes that happens

[1299:02] Speaker 2: at least something happened on your device. Yeah. Technology is a crazy thing, right. Anybody else have any other questions today? Now I'm just staring at myself. Awesome.

[1304:43] Tiffany Quinones: I don't have a question. But I just wanted to say thank you for your courage to share with us what you do, because it's as you were talking, it's like the real stuff that nobody wants to hear

[1308:12] Speaker 2: because they want to talk about it because they're afraid of no joke. Well,

[1309:22] Tiffany Quinones: and then it had me thinking, sorry, I can't show my face today. But you're good. It also got me thinking I'm just sitting here like wondering to myself, I wonder if it's the fear of the judgments and opinions of others, that keeps us from really getting out there and showing what we have for fear of like being misinterpreted, because it's happened to me. And I was actually going to bring this up to my therapist tomorrow. Because I have been working on stuff behind the scenes, but but it's it's like, okay, so I have integrity, I do I really want to do no harm. And I really want to show up as my authentic, you know, raw, truthful self. And also, you know, there's those other things that go along with it. So. So thank you so much for being the coach and mentor that says the things that nobody is saying. And it's like, this is why I continue to show up. I

[1326:38] Speaker 2: used to go I would go into organizations that I knew, they were like one step away from being a cold. And I would start calling this stuff out. And I would tell them, Hey, you guys need to fix this because it literally this is some culty stuff. And depending on their response would tell me if I should stay with them as a client or not. I had a bunch that got really angry when I would say that and so but others that like they adjusted course. Others of them like great conversation, Rick Pino and my mom. Great combo on this. They're like, yes. I know how to start a call. I work every day to make sure that it never happens. I don't ever want somebody to feel exploited. And it's about exploitation as what it is exploiting people for personal gain. So can you hear me? Yes, you can hear me. Okay. Great. Awesome. For some reason you cut out everybody else can hear me but except you. Yeah,

[1342:48] Sue McGarvie: everything. Everything just crashed. I had to reload. Thanks. Sorry about that.

[1343:54] Speaker 2: Trying to learn how to play this.

[1346:06] Speaker 3: Um, so what were you asking? Well, I'm

[1346:51] Sue McGarvie: just I'm just, I'm loading up a whole bunch of different streams. I'm going to stream at four o'clock. I have, you know, puppets I'm going to do I'm going to start with a short, you know, information thing just to see if it works. And I just didn't know if you had any, because this is my very first live restream Twitch, I've dentists. Oh, I

[1352:15] Speaker 2: gotcha. Yeah. Just be yourself. And you don't want to look like you're doing a presentation. Okay, you really want to like, it's like a coffee side. So here's how I imagined I put myself in the state of mind. Like I'm standing in a room right now that I just invited 1000 people into, and I don't know where they are. And I've given all of them permission to just walk up to me and talk openly anytime they want to. And so now I'm here in this room, and I've invited all these people and I told them that if they talk to me, I'm going to give them $10,000 If I really liked your question, okay. And so that's what I imagined I'm doing when I'm doing a live stream is that I just did that, that I just put out an advertisement that I said, if you can show up here today, and I like your question, I'm gonna give you $100,000, or a car of your choice. Now, that would hold me to the fire, to be accountable to that, and I'll send it, especially if I said, and that's guarantee that I'm gonna give away this to at least two people here today. Okay, so now, everybody's gonna start coming to me asking questions. So I imagine that that's what's going to happen. I'm going to get bombarded with questions. Half the time you never get a single question from anybody. Right? And so then what I look for is, how would I respond? depending on whatever question comes up? Luckily, because you have your experience as a therapist, than the nerves that most people get, you probably don't

[1376:31] Sue McGarvie: have no, I did live radio for 20 years. Yeah,

[1377:10] Speaker 2: exactly. So there's the things that you have that experience, I did live DJing, on the radio, like, like turntables with music, type of a thing. I literally have VR turntables that I play around with, even in virtual reality, like go into all that to say, that's what I learned is like not to be afraid of people like, because we would invite crazies to come out to get drunk. And then they can walk up to you and tell you their opinion. And that's what taught me to not worry what anybody thinks that I do webinars. Yeah,

[1385:36] Sue McGarvie: I could care less. I really could care less. Right? Yeah, exactly.

[1386:48] Speaker 2: Yeah, so you're great on that front. So I just beat yourself, how fun. And here's the thing. So I'll tell you this, just to encourage you, you're a really fun person to talk to. And you're like very inviting and warm and like somebody that I could just sit down and talk to you for hours and hours and hours and hours. Thank you. And so that's one of the things that I look for is whenever I go live, I just expect that everybody feels that way about me too. So what I do is I think about who's the person in the world in the world today? That if I could just sit down with them

[1396:00] Speaker 3: for 10 minutes? What would I say?

[1398:22] Speaker 2: And then I imagine that the people that are coming to listen to me have that same perspective. And I work on not puffing my head up, like I'm like this almighty guru. And so like, because that's again, but I mentally put myself in the state of mind as if like, I'm like, if I had the opportunity today, here in the US to talk to Robert Kennedy, or if I could sit down with Justin Trudeau, I could sit down with Winston Churchill or that I could sit down with Taylor Swift or I could sit down with just my favorite sports player or actor or athlete or whatever that is right for me, you know, because I've actually had moments in time where I've been able to do that.

[1409:51] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, well, I can I can show you the back wall of Justin Trudeau is house I'm four houses away from his Oh, really? Yeah.

[1411:54] Speaker 3: That's great. Awesome. You should go over and say hi. Oh, yeah, you

[1412:38] Sue McGarvie: don't get past security very Oh, am

[1413:03] Speaker 2: I said hi. Right. Yeah. That's awesome. But no, that's, that's amazing. I also do believe in power and proximity. So you being that close, there's power and proximity of being that close to that much influence and power. And I think like, you can feel it even it's tangible. You can feel it when you walk past the White House, United States, past any state capitol. As far as that goes, you know, whether you agree with the laws that are being made, or who they are or not, you could feel the power. I had, I had a chance and an opportunity to walk into one of Jeff Bezos, his offices was a friend of mine who gave me a tour back in 2011 of Jeff Bezos is one of his offices on a campus that he was a manager of, and he had the key and we got to walk in, and I literally, like, could feel his energy. I was like, This is insane. What the heck, why am I vibrating like crazy? I was like, it's like scary and exciting all at the same time. That's nuts. And I felt that way. Anytime I've met a billionaire. I've always felt that way somehow. So what I imagine is, is if I was if I have a friend who's who's a billionaire. And when I talked with him, I just imagined, like, I just want to sit down and like ask him so many amazing questions, but I have so much respect for him to just because of the power that he carries and who he knows. I mean, he's so when I look at his maybe I'm not that person today. But if I was and maybe we are to some people that respect us, how would I show up to them authentically to help them feel seen, heard? Loved, cherished Accept it fully no matter where they are, no matter what walk of life they come from no matter what beliefs they have. And then that makes it super fun and relaxed and and then for me, I go for a swim in my swimming pool to get past the nerves. So there you go. That's my advice for life goes.

[1445:29] Sue McGarvie: Yep, same time next week, I'll let you know.

[1445:56] Speaker 2: That's my advice for live streaming right there. Just Just Just have fun with it. Make it make it like a coffee side or glass of wine chat. Yeah,

[1448:24] Sue McGarvie: this is this is this, this is more the tech challenges to see, you know, if you're worried about the content, I'll see I'm gonna use restream. That was a great

[1451:00] Speaker 2: suggestion. So for the tech stuff, use restream. Test it out before you go live, do like a little test string. Okay? Do a test stream, make sure that it's working, and just put like test strain before we go live? Like, hey, I'm testing it out. And then if people see it, like, they'll know, oh, you're testing it, then you go back and delete it later. You could use it as like, Hey, we're testing if you want to join us live when we actually do it. Here's the time and it can be like a great little mini advertisement. Okay.

[1458:17] Sue McGarvie: All right. I'll give it a try to test that out.

[1458:46] Speaker 2: Is there a specific area that you're stuck on wood? This? No,

[1459:33] Sue McGarvie: it's new. Like I just I literally became a restream member Friday. And then I have been working to link everything up and give it a try. I'm just this is I'm a big believer thrown off mud. See what sticks. And we talked about Twitch last week, I got Twitch going. Got Patreon going. Trying to get it done to see what takes because I'm not sure which one of these is going to work. But if I stream to five platforms, yeah. As opposed to one, the restream was the restream was the I think was the $100,000. You know, suggestion, I hadn't thought about that. restream

[1469:00] Speaker 2: is amazing. I think everybody should use some kind of a clap, because you can also upload videos that you pre recorded. Okay, the only problem with that they cut off the first like six seconds. So what I did was I downloaded like a little six second countdown and I just like added it to the beginning, I figured out where they cut it off. And then I just added that to the beginning. That's a good

[1474:08] Sue McGarvie: idea. Okay, so I'll let you know how go. Okay, all

[1475:12] Speaker 2: right. By the way, questions, too, as a therapist, have you ever heard of the door handle effect?

[1477:56] Speaker 3: She liked

[1478:54] Speaker 2: it, there's this thing I've heard about. I don't know if it's called the door handle effect, like for therapists and stuff like that. It's this whole idea that like at the very end of a therapy session, right, as people have their hand in the door, they have like a ton of questions before they walk out of a session. So that happens in coaching, is when I told everybody, Hey, we're leaving at 1230, maybe 1240. We have two people that raise their hand in the last five minutes. And so what I want to do is I want to take Adele's and Abby's question, but I have to have a hard stop, and nobody else can raise their hand in the next six minutes. And I'm gonna give three minutes each to Ave and Adele, how's that sound? So I remember making a joke of it as a coach, it happens. It's the door handle effect, where like, right at the end, all the questions start to come in. It's a natural human thing. And so I if you go into the coaching experience, knowing that happens, you can start to mitigate for it a little bit. But just realize that if people ask me a question at the very end, they're not going to get a longer answer. Are they? What's going on?

[1495:11] Abhay Bakshi, USA: Yeah, I don't need a long answer. Anyways, six, six figures. You were talking about? Having a new form to take it two, three steps. Are you working on there? You have plans about it? Or that's what I was wondering. Until then. Yeah,

[1500:03] Speaker 2: I'm working on it for sure. When I work on it, do you want to know how I work on it? I lay around and I play video games. That's how I work on it.

[1502:10] Abhay Bakshi, USA: Right? Okay, so until then I'll be focused on six steps to six people. Now.

[1503:23] Speaker 2: Isn't that the three steps? I think I talked about it a little bit. Previously, I just I forget what they were. I don't remember half the stuff I say.

[1505:53] Abhay Bakshi, USA: No, no, I I have the notes. You talked about. Remember? I know the date August 23 2023. I have explicitly taken the notes and I say those and then I do

[1509:35] Speaker 2: those three steps were what are they called?

[1510:42] Abhay Bakshi, USA: Not the three steps six steps I'm talking about?

[1511:17] Speaker 2: Oh, yeah. But I remember I think I broke down three steps during launch pad deny.

[1513:04] Speaker 8: Maybe I've missed it. So anyway, so

[1513:44] Speaker 2: in the in the offer Launchpad event, I think during session one or two of day one, I broke down it as three steps. Okay, so that's in the members area. But have I refined it to that? Not yet. But it's on the radar. It's on my radar. I don't here's what I've had to train myself to do not worry about stuff that's not immediately pertinent to what's going on in my life and Because I only work 10 to 15 hours a week. That looks different from week to week. Right? Yeah, and I've lost clients because of that. What's up, Adele? You got four. Really

[1524:00] Adele Best: quick. Um, I didn't plan it like this. It just literally came to me. so

[1525:39] Speaker 2: happens that way. Yeah.

[1526:36] Adele Best: Sorry, I'm in my car. Yeah. So. So, okay, I've got a real block with MailChimp. So I mean, I was able to build my landing page to get it to connect with MailChimp, and do the whole Facebook pixel, and I tested it, and it all works, blah, blah, blah. But I really don't like MailChimp. And I'm really thinking of moving to Kajabi. Well, does that fit that Facebook pixel that I had all linked up to that Squarespace site? Can I change where that pixel links up to?

[1534:34] Speaker 2: Kajabi does a great job of linking to the Facebook pixel automatically. It's all just monitor. Yeah, just just find the ID of it. And then they link it up themselves. There's a whole integration built in there into jabi. I

[1538:36] Adele Best: can just re link that pixel up with Kajabi. And it overwrites the thing. Okay, um, I've heard people talking about

[1540:57] Speaker 2: Java, by the way, I'm not opposed at all. I think Kajabi is actually the best software that's out there. It's just also the most expensive. Yeah.

[1544:00] Adele Best: I've justified it to myself. Like there's a there's a three month deal. And I was like after that, you know, maybe I'm not being Jeremiah thing anymore. And I can use that money to pay for Gaddafi. Oh, there you go. Yeah, I've heard people talking about captivation. Hub. Have you heard of that? One? It's another. I've

[1549:12] Speaker 2: heard of captivation. Hub? I've not used it. But I've heard enough about it that I think it's getting a lot of popularity.

[1551:33] Speaker 3: I don't like it. I don't necessarily

[1551:52] Speaker 2: like their marketing, though. They're not really marketing very well. No,

[1553:06] Adele Best: I think I'd probably rather stick with something that's tried and tested like Kajabi. Yeah.

[1554:38] Speaker 2: I know that I don't have captivation hubs. Not bad. Because I know a lot of people do like it get unlimited. All that. I think captivation hub is similar to systemic IO and go high level. Yeah. So again, systemic IO, does everything go high level does everything very complicated. Kajabi will do all of the things that systemic IO and go high level do most of them very easily.

[1562:02] Adele Best: Yeah, I know. The

[1562:24] Speaker 2: job switcher studio. Joshua studio. That's a good one. I wonder if Sue has heard of switcher studio?

[1564:59] Speaker 2: That one might be easier to for for Sue. I forgot about this one. Michelle had mentioned it. switcher studio. It's a lot like what restream does, right? Yeah, multi streaming remote guests. All that. Very cool. No, I when you told me about it, Michelle recently. Again, it's pricey. But it looks amazing.

[1571:00] Michelle Plucinsky: You know what we'd love it because I can do it often. And it's easy to navigate, our staff can get it and we used to use it.

[1573:22] Speaker 2: Yeah, switcher studio, I'll tell you. I'm interested to watch more of what they do as a company, they are there. They're doing it right. Nice, good to hear that we did as a product. I think they're great. And they do what they stream on all these different platforms like Twitch and all that they have all these different partners. They're great. They're just not cheap. So I like restream. Overall, it's again, it's a little bit harder to use. But then I also like, stream yard is a little bit easier to use, but it doesn't it doesn't link as well to everything else. It's easier to use, but doesn't link as well. So again, there's this whole matrix of like, Are they easy to use? Do they cost more what features do they have? And none of them ever really? Check all the boxes?

[1586:00] Speaker 3: And so that's part of it.

[1586:58] Speaker 2: All right, everybody, I gotta go cuz I gotta go eat lunch. So

[1588:04] Adele Best: thank you so much. All right. Thank you die.

