CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-05-20T20:48:33.000Z
Duration: 150 min
Otter ID: oBLsn_DIUiG3TFH67DP430t4EQQ
---

[0:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's do this everybody what's up? What's up? Hello, y'all that are on the recording watching this. This is great. I'm excited. This is a fresh, fresh start new beginnings incredible day. It's May 28. We're gonna dive right in, let me go find the, we're going to actually get the streaming going on time here, which is good right into the group. Live to a custom streaming service, here we go. This will

[10:41] Speaker 0: make everybody happy that we can actually do this there's that this is connecting. And we're going live. Awesome. All right. Well, hello, everybody. Hello, those of y'all that are in the accelerator group. This is our live training here today, I am excited to be with you. And hey, look at that, we got the streaming going on time, I realized I got to join the meeting about four minutes ahead of time just to set the streaming up. new habits, right, that's exactly what we got to we got to establish new habits. Because otherwise I was like going and it's like, you know, everybody's late.

[23:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Y'all, y'all gotta realize something. And thank y'all, for those that are patient with me. Sometimes I'm a little bit slower than some people when it comes to certain things and doing the right thing, but I eventually get there.

[27:06] Speaker 0: But I feel like if I look at my track record in my life, I, you know, I eventually get there. And I ended up doing the right thing. Like when it comes to you know, streaming in the group on time and stuff like that. So there we go, we did it. And I'm actually celebrating that in myself here today, that I that I did that is because I calmed myself down enough to actually think clearly about before this call. And that's why I urge you all the time. calming your nervous system down is really the hack and the unlock when it comes to you showing up as your best, most powerful self when you are teaching, when you are coaching, when you are marketing and when you are creating content. And that's what I want to break down here today is that again, for those y'all who don't know, this is one of the first trainings that you've watched with us in a long time, this is going to be a milestone training, for good reason is why I'm going to send it in an email just out to everybody, because I really think that it's important for y'all to watch this. And you may watch back through it. As far as that goes. Number one, we just did stage one of flipping over the members area with the new, more organized content, what I have to see is if it actually takes effect on everybody's accounts, or we have to manually make it take effect. And that's the only kind of last stage of this as far as that as far as what we're saying. So what you see here is we have the intermediate courses, beginner courses and learning library. And so all of the classes are split between these three as far as this goes. So beginner courses is broken down into and we'll we'll make a whole video and even an outline in the Start Here training that breaks this down that you'll be able to refer to very quickly, very easily at any given moment in time to find this. So right here, you click on this. And you can see the different courses, audience building wealth, mindset, sales, copy mastery, five minute content creation, Facebook ads. So these are like important for beginners to go through, I think these are what I think are some of the more important classes for beginners to go through. And we might mix and match and move some of these around. I'm also going to pay attention to which classes people are gravitating towards more than anything else use a data driven approach to see if we have to kind of move one up further that I think is more important. So we're really gonna pay attention to that as far as that goes. So all the courses and stuff are going to be split out into into that intermediate courses is a little bit more advanced stuff, automated marketing secrets, recurring membership profits, Facebook pixel clarity, really dialing in that pixel outsourcing to team members, optimizing your ads want to make sure your ads don't get shut down, friendly follow up and email marketing and so really like if we're looking at those are kind of some of the more important classes to look at. As far as that goes. Now what we have also added is in the Start Here training, and what you're going to see when you log in, you're going to only see the six as far as this goes. You're going to see the Start Here icon. You're going to see the free webinars archive and you're gonna see the monthly archive as well as those beginner courses intermediate courses and learning library. Under start here. We've added six steps to six figures is right here under start here. Landing Page blueprint and successful one webinars and challenges. And then I'm going to be creating a brand new start here lesson that kind of tells you how to navigate the program. And all of that here in the next week or so. So again, we're getting all of this organized here to where these are the most important classes that anybody should go through six steps to six figures, landing page blueprint and successful webinars and challenges. Now we are starting a new class this week, that is going to replace six steps to six figures, which is really cool. Oh, by the way, I didn't mention this as well, each class has an introduction lesson on it, that we use AI to basically review the transcripts, and create an outline of what each class contains. So you can actually just skim through the Class Introductions, take some time to do that, and just go read through some of these class introduction lessons to see is that what I'm needing help with is that is that where I'm stuck. And that's where we want to kind of get it to is where it's so easy for you to find on your own, where to go with different lessons and courses. So like, let's click audience building introduction. And it's we're still teaching this course. So we're going to update this this introduction, once the course is completed. Let's go to wealth mindset coaching, introduction. Welcome. If you're here, it means you're ready to transform your approach to success and redefine your what by the way, this is totally AI generated. But I had it generated based on like kind of the tone of voice of how I would intro a course based on all of that stuff as far as that goes. So it's really cool as far as how we did this. And I had one of my, we had a gentleman who was actually in our group helped us go through and actually create the introductions, she copied and pasted all of that in there. And so it breaks down for you for each class, what those are. So I think that that's really helpful, in addition to each course has just like we've had before, you got checklists for each lesson, and you have the summaries. Now, I think as far as this goes, you may still get a little bit of confusion as far as where do you go? What do you do? What are the things that I should be doing? Where should I show up, we'll be there to navigate that with you. And kind of improving that process as we go. I also would like to implement a sort of a milestones type of celebration system, I'm going to come up with how we do that. I think celebrating how many people we get on our email list could be one thing, celebrating when you launch your first Facebook ads successfully, I think is going to be another thing and I want to find a way to kind of honor the action that you guys are taking as well as the results that are happening. So okay, I got we're going to a milestone to be I got my landing page done and ready to go. I got my sales copy written, I got my first Facebook ad up. And now I have my first 10 leads on my email list just 10 leads literally, that's all it takes to get started. And I want you all to kind of maybe shrink that down, your goal is to just get 10 people on an email list. And then we can celebrate, you know, 50 people on your email list. And then you get 100 people. And now we bump it up, let's get 200 people, then we bump it up to 500. And then they become the sort of email list of milestones as far as that goes. Okay, my email list right now today has about 4000 people on it. So what I would say is I would kind of cap it at kind of a 5000 person milestone, and I have about a about a 50% open rate on my emails. So effectively, I get about 2000 people who open every email that I send out as far as that goes, they read through them. When I send a video out for YouTube, I maybe get like 30 or 40 that click on a video on YouTube. And that's what I want to segue into this training with here today is to talk about that is to talk about how to get people to buy your stuff, and how to implement an effective content creation strategy through this Okay, so what I just showed you just now is we've opted we're at we're improving the members area, we're making it easier to navigate. Part of the problem we're dealing with right now is you guys still have all the like all the classes separately out there and all of that as far as that goes. I want it to be where all you see is just you just see the six blocks when you log in. It's got six places you go. It's so much simpler, right? I mean, like six places to click versus 47 Yeah, it's way easier, because then that can kind of break it out for you and you can understand where we're going from there. Okay. Um, as far as today's training, that's what I want to break down with you if you've if you've been watching, I've been sending out emails about this different videos that I've been doing on YouTube, and really optimizing a strategy that I've been doing with content creation, and really getting a lot of clarity through content creation right hear like I just did one that I think is incredible three step strategy to quit your job and go all in on your business. And it's it's a strategy, we're actually break down traffic sources I break down what I call what I'm starting to call my three part strategy that's going to replace the six steps to six figures. What is the three part strategy? Part number one is you find your people, you find your people, does that make sense? Right. Or the algorithm finds your people but essentially, you're either using tools to find your people, you're using your content, define your people, you're using your your, your your reels, you're using your standard store, you're using your thing, your your your mini courses, your ebooks to find your people. Okay? So all of those are like to attract the people to you, you got these things that are going out there. It's kind of like, okay, where do we find the best fish? Where are the best fishing spots, and then we put our real our lines out there and we go and we find the people that we're looking for. Okay, so that's stage number one of the three part three step strategy that I actually, I broke down in this training, I did like a bird's eye view, I didn't actually dive deep into it. And it's exactly the same as what the six steps are. But I think three steps is easier for people than six plus six is a psychologically negative number. I don't know if you realize that 666

[186:09] Speaker 0: People associate the number six, with negative things often. And so three, they associate with things like I think about the Trinity, I think about like, there's literally subconscious programming and psychology inside people's minds, between different numbers we got to, to I think people don't feel like they have enough options. And there's not enough there. But to is really nice when it's complete, but it's not overwhelming. As far as that goes. It gives the perception of choice, politics. Except now in America, it's almost a semi three person politic, we got Robert F. Kennedy Jr. We got Trump we got Biden, as far as that goes. And so again, even like, everybody is really leaning into this sort of three stage threes are really big right now everywhere. When I played video games, check this out. This is even the crazier part about it, every video game that you play, gives you usually three paths, you can take three growth paths as far as that goes. So I think by the way, that's just something to keep in mind three is a really, really good number. That's a hook for people, because it's it's it new, they can tell that like there's a lot of options. It's a buffet, but it's not too overwhelming. Okay, so that's why the three steps versus the six steps. Number one is finding your people. And we want to translate that to the six steps, right? Because I want to translate that for you. That's figuring out your niche that this is your sales copy right here. This is your landing page. And this is part of the Facebook ads process of like your targeting and kind of getting the Facebook ads going. So honestly, stage one covers these four stages right here, you're not even really starting with your business in this program, until you do these four things. And what I noticed was a lot of people are getting hung up on step two, sales copy, they weren't even getting to step three, with the six steps. And so I want you to really think about it in this aspect of all four of those steps now are really kind of summed up under Find. Finding your people, you want to write the words that resonate with people to find your people. You want to figure out who those people are, you want to create some kind of a mechanism, a landing page, a widget, an app, a eBook, a download, something to find them, by the way organic social media content, such as and we can kind of add this as a sidebar to here that we teach in this program where we're starting to teach more Instagram, YouTube, these are two of our best organic sources as well as Facebook, okay, that goes into finding our people so that we can direct them to our landing page as a traffic source. But that goes into stage number two and what is stage number two, stage number two is called. I'm debating which word to use, promote or present, I think present Now let's say I like promote better. Because if there is a little bit of a promote is more triggering, present kind of goes into what stage three is, okay? So promote is where you would use your Instagram content, YouTube, you use Facebook ads, you use your email list, this is where we might throw in a JV partner, we might do podcasts, this is us promoting out there, what our thing is right here. So we're creating our mechanism to find our people, then we're actively going out there to promote and present I guess it really is promoting present. We're promoting and presenting. And then this is where we also throw in our webinar. If we're doing challenges, if we're doing our ebooks right here, we're promoting and presenting the thing that we have for sale. So you can you can find people to sign up and promote something for free. But then you also want to promote something that is paid to those people, the entire reason why you are here, or you're listening to me or you follow what I teach is because you want to make money. And if you don't want to make money. i i I'll honor that as far as that goes. And but you're gonna have a very hard time really applying a lot of these strategies, because they require cash flow for a lot of it to work, they require you to start to establish sales and to sell. And that's where stage number three comes. Which I think is the most important stage. Stage number three is clothes. You want to close the deal. Again, this goes back into your webinars. This is your emails. This is if you're doing challenges. This can be by the way retargeting ads, you use retargeting ads to remind people of what they signed up for. And so the goal is you're using videos through social media, you're using video presentations, you might be doing a VSL. You might even do a private like Zoom Room to close the sale. But it's a mechanism that once you find your people, and you gather them. So it's really finding gather, I'm almost refining this as I'm talking about finding gather, promote and present. And then you close the deal. And this is where you close the sale. That's stage number three, because here's the thing, these two stages won't make you a dime. And that's the problem is we think that this is gonna make us money, they're not going to make you a dime. As far as that goes to do any of this stuff. It just won't, unless you know the mechanisms. And you close a sale. As far as that goes. Okay, closing a sale. Now what comes after this, too. And this is more what we dive into in the program here is retention. How do you retain somebody? How do you keep them in your programs? How do you keep them engaged, you got engagement, the word engagement, by the way has become ruined by social media. Because we have an idea for what we think of engagement as like likes and comments on social media. But that's not what engagement is. Engagement is that people are leaning in, they're leaning forward, if you're if I'm if I'm in your house right now, and you're doing something else, while I'm talking right now, and you're out making coffee, or you're sitting around in the room doing something else and not sitting watching what I'm saying, and you're not listening to me, you are not engaged with me. You're not. You're only hearing about 10% of what I'm saying. You're hearing the parts that your brain attaches itself to, through your Reticular Activating, activating system that validate your own beliefs. That's it. If you're passively listening to content, you're only going to hear the parts that validate your own belief systems. You're not actually actively engaged with what I'm saying. Okay? And if you're not actively engaged with what I'm saying, You didn't even hear what I said. So there you go. What you want is you want through all three stages of this engagement engagement has nothing to do with social media likes, comments, follows at all and I and I just I I couldn't stand that word for years. because that's what everybody thought we meant when we're talking about engagement. So, let me let me let me let me let me break this down for you, my wife and I. Um, you know, we

[326:23] Speaker 0: I proposed to her back in

[330:55] Speaker 0: back in 2017. And it still brings me to tears to watch this because it was such a powerful moment, she didn't know it was going to happen, I tried four times to propose to her and almost threw up. at Disney, she thought I was sick, because my face would go white every time we would reach a certain location, and she thought I was sick, and I go to the bathroom. And then I will put the ring back in my pocket.

[341:08] Speaker 0: Sweet. And it's amazing. Because we didn't plan this. It wasn't a flash mob or anything. But it was so powerful, that we ended up engaging, and not just me getting engaged to her. But engaging in this moment. All of these people that were watching behind the camera, look at this, they stopped to watch if you pan the camera. And how long did that take? That took a minute, in one minute, that many people stopped at Disney to engage with my wife and I in a moment, because they saw something that they cared about. And when I got engaged with my wife, that was beyond just her saying, Oh, I like you, Jeremiah, oh, I think you're a great guy. Right? That was her saying that she wants to spend the rest of her life with me. Now, when we're talking about engagement with our clients, or our content or things like that, obviously, we don't need them to spend the rest of our life with us. But you are inviting them to do life with you. And I think that that's one of the things that you have to understand is that when you are building your business at all three stages of these

[362:40] Speaker 0: you're not just finding leads, you're finding people that want to do life with you. Because it's going to affect their life in a positive way. And then you are promoting this is like a proposal right here. You're promoting what can happen to them. This is also like going on a first date and a second date and a third date. And that's where we get the word nurture. From now nurture also can come from nurturing a child. You know, nurturing a relationship grows, the relationship creates deeper realms of connection, but me nurturing and dating my wife over the course of the four years that we dated before I proposed to her created near certainty. I mean, listen, I wasn't, there was certainty, I did not think she was going to say no. As far as that goes, I probably took way too long to close the deal, as far as that goes, but when you correctly find who the people are that want to do life with you. And you promote and make a proposal to them of what is possible to and you nurture that connection. What ends up happening is this. When you go to close the deal, it's just like when I got on my knees with Abigail. It really is. Because they're ready to start to do life with you. They're primed and ready and excited to do life with you because they've been dreaming about what that looks like throughout the first stages right here of finding and promoting and doing the nurturing process. Okay. So one of the biggest issues is that most people are thinking about these three steps all wrong. We're thinking about it in terms of what we want. Right? We're thinking about it in terms of, well, I just want to make money to pay my bills and that listen That's important. You know, for me having a life partner was important. Having somebody that I could do life with having a beautiful hot sexy wife was important to me. As far as that goes, it was, it was high on the list of priorities. But not just anybody is good enough. And that's why we want to make sure to attract the right people repel the ones that are not a good fit. You know, before I had met Abigail curry, y'all don't know this part of my story. I was on the app Tinder for a while, and I was swiping. And I had went on 30 dates. Over the course of 30 days, I challenged myself, I'm gonna go on one date a night, as far as this goes, and this was in Kansas City. And I mean, literally, I went on dates with some some extremely beautiful, talented, amazing women didn't really connect with any of them, there was one that I did connect with. And then she was like, not somebody that I wanted to spend any time with.

[419:18] Speaker 0: And then I deleted the app. And I was like, I don't want to do this. And the next day, and it was so funny, as I I remember, I was like, gosh, I don't want to just find somebody because of how she looks. I don't want to just find somebody who only checks off one idea of what I would like, in a wife. I want to find somebody that lights my soul and life on fire, that I love spending every minute of my life with my soulmate. And have you ever heard the term of a soulmate client as far as that goes, I think that there can be a little bit lost in that, you know, I think that there's a boundary in that, like a soulmate wife is different than a soulmate client. But what it is, is it's that your souls come together and are so intertwined and connected, that it feels pure, and true. And it almost feels holy in the sense that this was meant to be. And so your job is this is that you want to find those people and show them what you see that it's meant to be for you to work together. And that's where you close the deal, because what ends up happening is, by the time that they are on a webinar or a challenge, they're engaged with you. And they know that they know that they know that they're meant to be connected with you to be a client. As far as that goes. Now your mission is also this, you want to make sure that those aren't that are not meant to work with you want to stay as far away from you as possible, because all they are is deadweight that's it. And I know in today's society, you know, you could literally cancel somebody's entire brand for calling somebody dead weight. But we're in a coaching business. And the coaching business is a little bit different than other businesses, because we have specific goals. And we're trying to accomplish very specific things. And at this stage right here, there are people when you are coaching somebody that you can help and those that you can't, if I find people that are not teachable, they're here to just argue with me about how I don't know what the heck I'm talking about. They start coming at me telling me how much of a scammer I look like, and how terrible I am as a person. I mean this but that sounds like a lot of people's toxic marriages. That's not what I want. I don't want a toxic relationship with my clients. I want something that excites me in the morning that I am excited to get up for. Why? Because it's 1,000% easier to get results for that somebody that you enjoy working with than somebody who is begrudgingly there that merely tolerates you. And there's a statement again, it's attributed to a number of different people. It's quoted all the time in business schools, go where you are celebrated, not where you are merely tolerated. But in the beginning, that can be hard, because nobody is even tolerating you. And you just want to be tolerated by a few people. Okay, great, awesome. In the beginning, you may need to get some clients just to get your feet wet that merely tolerate you. As far as that goes, you might need to go on 30 dates in 30 days with people that you don't want to necessarily do long term life with. But it kind of helps you get your nerves down and helps you feel more comfortable and helps you gain clarity as to who you want to work with. And that's honestly where I was when I started doing my code. coaching business. When I started doing this coaching business, I had worked with people like Danny Johnson and with my mom and I had worked with was working with Rick Pino. And I had seen what it's like to have a community of soulmate clients that just absolutely love everything that they say and do. Like, it almost gets a little bit weird, like kind of like a like a, like a worship type of a thing where they start worshiping in the ground that they walk on. We used to joke around with Rick Pitino, like people would literally buy a lock of his hair if they could bid on it. Because they just loved being around him. My mom, like we would say, Well, you know, they like it. But that's the thing. And it's weird, and it's kind of weird to think about. But sometimes you do actually have people that are like that that are in your space, Danny Johnson had it as well. Because what it is, is you become so irresistible to the right people that they just want to spend every waking moment with you possible. As far as this goes. Now, how many of y'all do not want to have clients, hundreds, or even 1000s of people that want to spend every waking moment possible with you and show up at your house and they they start following you places and now Okay, great awesome to me, either. That's why we have to have boundaries and boundaries are important. And that's why like having a mailbox that's across town is a good thing. That's why saying no to people who simply just want, I just love you so much. And I just want to spend time with you. And you're just amazing. You're just the best how many y'all want people to say that about you? Can I tell you this, that's the last person that I want in my space. Because anytime somebody comes to me, and the first thing that I just love everything you do, and it's amazing, and I just Baba, Baba, Baba Baba, nine times out of 10, there is the exception, that person is just trying to manipulate you. The people who are praising you are just trying to get something out of you, they're not actually there, to engage, they're there to get you to engage with them, so that they can get something out of you. And so you have to not be so desperate. And I think that desperation is one of the things that we have to get rid of when it comes to getting our clients. Now I'm not gonna deal I'm gonna teach you something right now that's going to unwire that desperation. And you can kind of study that in your own time. Often that that boils down right back to childhood trauma boils down to previous relationships, relationships, and business and attachments to things that we're looking to avoid. And stuff like that, I can break that down one of the biggest pieces of advice, I can give you a stop replaying the past, stop living in what happened to you before. Stop replaying that situation that happened last week where somebody got mad at you and start building the future you want and creating the life that you want by going through these three steps. So that starts with gaining some courage to pick a niche, to write some sales copy to build a landing page, to put it out there on Facebook, and then to promote it. And to create some content. Here's one of the best things that you can do. And this is what I wanted to really teach you here today is not mystery, half the six steps or the three steps. That we're going to create a whole course that really kind of does a deep dive into those three stages. And that's just I would encourage you to go through it once. Once we, we started and we create it. And I want to make it as simple as possible to go through to where it's not overwhelming. But it's very simple. What I actually want to talk about here today is content, marketing. And then how to create engaging content that people actually want to listen to, that people actually want to engage with. Now, at the end of this next probably 20 to 30 minutes, I'm going to take some questions and we're going to go into q&a. What I'd love for you to do I'm not looking at the chat right here. Let me scroll down and just see if there's any important questions here real quick. beautiful, amazing. Great training powerful session. Awesome. You're going to catch the replay. Okay, great. Well, I would highly recommend you do catch the replay but she's gone. So there you go. We made a post in the group where you can you can post questions in the group as well. I'm going to rapid fire take any questions that are either put in the chat at the top of the hour or posted in the group and then we'll take live questions after I rapid fire through go through those questions. Okay, so content marketing content marketing breaks down into a number of different stages. and categories with content marketing, we have Instagram, YouTube, Facebook ads, we have email,

[564:15] Speaker 0: blog posts, ebooks, webinars, challenges or intensives. What I like is called a mini course, or a court or a course that you sell for less than 97 to $197. Because that's not intended to make a profit, you're not going to make any profit off of these right here, okay? You're going to make a profit when you sell something that's at least about 400 $1,000 $2,000. And then you also will add something above that that might be 6000 8010 $20,000. Okay, you need to be selling something that's at least 400 to $500, minimum, to have a profitable business in this space. And so your goal of the content marketing is purely for nurture, and finding the right people for you, to qualify them. So that you make that connection. And you want this to be engaging content. Now, here's the problem. Artificial Intelligence sucks. It's terrible. It's horrible at creating engaging content. It's terrible at creating engaging sales copy. It's terrible at creating ideas that actually connect with people. Why is that? And why am I saying that here today? Well, Jeremiah, I thought we were using AI, yeah, 12 months ago, we were. And that's changed. Because what's happened is people have changed and evolved and become immune to artificial intelligence generated content, because they don't want a robot controlling them. They don't want a robot telling them what to do every single day. They don't want to be manipulated by a robot, even if a human is operating that robot at all, okay. People didn't know that that was possible, a year ago. And even a year ago, they were starting to get savvy to it. This all shifted about five, six months ago, where I started noticing all of my competitors were not using AI in their ads anymore. And people were very, very negative and responding negatively when I started talking about AI. And then I started like, just I was like, What the heck is going on? So here's the thing, I still use artificial intelligence to analyze data to give me ideas. Prior to today, I was able to pull up in Otter AI and use chat GPT to come up with across the last two months of what has been in this program, all the questions that have been asked. And I realized that really what I need to teach the most here today has to do with content marketing, and how to do the nurturing process that creates engagement with your content to get people engaged with you. We talked quite a bit of this about four months ago, but it wasn't as refined as I want to share it with you right now, which is why we don't need a lot of time to break it down. Okay. One of the issues that we are dealing with is that people engage with things differently from moment to moment to moment. What they might have engaged with, well, months ago, they don't anymore, a Facebook ad that might have worked two weeks ago, if the same people see it, they ignore it. Now here's what 99% of people do when that happens, and honestly I don't think it's any it's any fault of their own. But this is just the immediate response that most people do when they put a lot of effort into Instagram content and and a landing page and a sales letter and a YouTube and YouTube videos and blog posts and and all of this only to get zero engagement, zero sales. Nobody engages with them. Most people look like that. When that happens, and it's and this is exactly the face that my son gives me when I tell him that he can't jump in the swimming pool. Because he wants it, because he wants to do that. And he's not getting what he wants. And here's the interesting part about it, that response that you see in a child right here.

[646:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Adults do the same thing when we don't get what we want. Especially when we invest a lot of time and money into it.

[649:03] Speaker 0: And it's no fault of our own. Because what ends up happening is what it ends up triggering the exact same thing that causes my son to do that. The problem is we might not cry or scream or do that. We internalize it, we well up inside the brain learns how to process it internally. But the feeling and emotion inside is just as intense when things don't work out that way. So this is why I tell you, you have to learn how to calm the nervous system down and get out of that response and get out of that fight or flight and get out of that immediate. Oh my god, it didn't go how I wanted to things aren't working out. It happened to me yesterday, you all I had to I had to write a sales letter yesterday. And then two or three things happened. And I was stuck for like two hours and couldn't get out of it. Mentally and emotionally. Now, what does that look like for me? Looks like me laying on that couch right over there for about an hour. And then scrolling social media in front of my chair right here for about an hour. That's what it looks like. But internally, I'm trying to process just all of this. And then I went downstairs to be with my wife. She's like, something's off with you. And Miguel, I'm trying to get I'm trying to process something I just can't shake. Can't get it off get. And you want to know what it was it was 100% related to there was something that I wanted that didn't go how I want it. That was it. Something that how I wanted it to happen, how I expected it to happen, how I had dreamed of it happening. And it didn't go how I wanted it to you know what I had proposed to Abigail, could you imagine the devastation that would have happened if I had built up to this moment? And she was like, Nah, I don't think so. Or nah, not right now. How many times do we actually watch videos or even movies where we see like rejection scenes and stuff like that inside of it is you know that a lot of movies and stuff like that actually play on a lot of our child triggers? Because they keep us engaged. As far as that goes, some of our greatest internalized fears and worries they play on in romance movies, because they keep you engaged as far as that goes. How do you keep people engaged with your content. You have to learn to understand what people actually want. And you have to figure out how to communicate it in a way that effectively takes people from where they are, to leaning forward to listening to you to where they're not bored. They're not zoning out, but they're actually paying attention because of the expectation, the expectation of getting something for their investment. People in 2024. And this is, by the way, very different than it was four years ago. You know, whenever I say this is very different than it was four years ago, the immediate response internally for some of us again, is this right here. Wow, I want it to be how it was four years ago, it was so easy four years ago, what we have to do is we have to move away from this to acceptance, and accepting the fact that things are never going to go back to how they were four years ago. There may be a cycle, but it's not going to be for probably another eight to 12, even 16 years before things go back to how they were four years ago. Now, here's the cool thing, check this out. Things are actually returning back to how they were about 12 years ago, and 14 years ago. And I think that that's really exciting. Because I know exactly what worked in marketing about 14 to 12 years ago. If any of y'all engaged with my mom and a lot of her teaching 14 to 12 years ago, a lot of the stuff that she was teaching then about content creation, and about storytelling and about how you communicate still works to this day. What has happened is people have become numbed out by the Tick Tock ification of the internet. How many I remember be talking about that like four six years ago, the Tick Tock ification of the internet everything's becoming like tick tock content Well, now everybody is burnt out on tick tock content. A lot of people are burnt out on Instagram reels and things like that. And we use it to numb out and zone out. But we don't necessarily use it to gain information that we're looking for. We want something that is more real, more tangible, that goes deeper into our soul that actually creates engagement. And for you to create the best form of content, you have to figure out what those triggers are. What are people trying to avoid? What are they trying to move away from? What do they not like? What do they disagree with. And you have to do the approach from the Blair Warren quote right here. Blair Warren, from the book, I believe it's called the one sentence persuasion, says people will do anything for those who encourage their dreams, justify their failures, allay their fears, confirm their suspicions, and help them throw rocks at their enemies. Now, here's the crazy part about this. Every personal development trainer out there, and every nearly every church that I have been in been to teaches you to not do this with people maybe encouraged people's dreams. But they but they demonize justifying their failures, allay their fears, and confirming their suspicions or throwing rocks at their enemies, you need to be kind, you need to be compassionate, you need to be understanding of people, all of this, can I tell you this, that's gonna keep you broke, when it comes to creating engaging content. And I understand that maybe what I just said, is very offensive, because it literally might go against your core wiring of everything you have ever been taught in your life, about what you do as a coach, about what you do as a mentor, what you do as a trainer, here's what I have discovered that the world's best coaches suck at sales and marketing. They're horrible at it. Because what makes you a great coach to people, what makes you a great pastor? What makes you a great leader, what actually helps people fully live out there potential doesn't work with sales and marketing. They're in conflict with each other. And that's the part that really kind of gets us thrown off. And then we end up seeing a coach that's out there or competitor, doing something that we disagree with what they're doing, and we judge what they're doing. All they're doing is creating engagement, and keeping people hooked, watching the content through what they're saying. Now, there's a spectrum to this. For me personally, if you're listening to me, you're probably going to learn from somebody who is very, still hyper cautious when it comes to doing a lot of this. I am very, I do not like to create controversy just for controversy sake. I don't like stirring up people's anger just to get engagement. I don't like saying things that I disagree with or that are lies just so that people say something that's on social media. Most of the mentors that are out there that are teaching and coaching and teaching marketing don't have that standard. But they will say they do. Pay attention to what people do not what they say.

[780:52] Speaker 0: I'm going to say that again. Pay attention to what people do. Not what they say. There's an old saying how do you know that a marketer is lying, his mouth is moving. And now we're like conflicted because we're like, Well, I don't want to be a liar. I don't want to lie to people, again, not encouraging you to you don't need to, to create engagement. Most marketers are lying to people just to get a sale. Most salespeople lie to people just to get a sale. I'm sick and tired of the sleazy, lying, manipulative sales messaging, just to close three to five to $10,000 packages that are out there. That's what most every single competitor that I have in the marketplace is doing at some stage or another. And I think that we've built a group of people where we go against that grain. And we don't do that and we've decided we're not going to use sleazy, slimy tactics. We're not going to burn ourselves out emotionally doing things that we that don't light us up We're gonna choose to figure out how can I actually get the most results while not working 100 hours because we're chasing something, we're chasing a fantasy of some kind. Yeah, in your marketing, the number one thing that you have to get people to do is to chase their fantasies to chase their deepest desire to go after the number one thing that they want more than anything else. And this is the problem that happens. Most people that create content marketing, they're creating it based on what they like, and what they want people to know, and what people need. It's not engaging when you do that content that actually gives people what they need, will not engage with people by itself. So what you have to do is you have to learn how to create content that is engaging. And by the way, a webinar is a piece of content. A challenge is a piece of content. An email is a piece of content, a mini course, is a piece of content. So generally, what we have is we have two stages. With our content marketing, it's usually split. Right here, this is generally going to be the point where they have to give you information, right, this becomes a lead. So this before here, this summer, we got our Instagram content, we got YouTube content, we have our Well, we have emails that might be sent to people that are already on our email list. We have streaming video right here, they don't have to sign up to access this, after this moment in time is you have to get a signup of some kind. So your goal is you have to create signups with people of some kind, you have to get people to say I want to sign up for something that I'm going to get. And so in these forms of content, you have to do two things, you have to engage with people to where they're actually going to listen to you to where they're going to lean forward and actually pay attention to what you're saying to where they actually care about it. And here's the problem when we're just talking about what we care about with this type of content. You're never gonna get any signups. So this is where you have to talk about what your audience cares about and what they want. Do I want to talk about on YouTube, how to quit your job and work only 10 hours a week? Not really. But that's where I get the most engagement with my YouTube content. Do I want to make all of my videos with holding my son talking about that? Not really. But it gets the most engagement by doing that. Now check this out. I get comments from people telling me how horrible I am that I do videos with my son, because what a horrible father would put his child on the internet like that. And I've literally had to choose that there are people that want to burn my house down because I put my son in videos and become okay with the fact that they dislike me and are never going to engage with me, they want to call CPS on me for putting videos out there like that. And I am 100% okay with whatever they feel they need to do to sleep at night. And I'm not going to choose to do differently. First off, it's not illegal to put a video of my son on social media just because people dislike it, or they think it should be. So there's the other aspect of it. There's no laws broken. It might make some people feel uncomfortable. But can I tell you this for the engagement that I want to get and the type of people that maybe I want to attract, I don't want to find people that are always looking for something wrong to point out in people. So that's why I actually get the best engagement by doing that because it repels a lot of the find something wrong type of people. So what I try to do is I include certain aspects of that in my content, video games. There's a certain group of coaches and mentors that are out there that say that video games rot your brain, and that people who engage with video games lack discipline and shouldn't be trusted. They say that video games contribute to a perception that I'm a liar and a scammer. Okay, I don't want to attract people that have that deep of judgment where they're looking to judge a book by its cover, and refuse to come in based on the myths and interpretation of who they think I am. So I'm able to repel those people by actually including those aspects in my content. And what that does is it creates the algorithm shows my content to people that are actually more connected to what I'm looking for. Then I start talking about what they actually care about. They don't want to lose money out with their Facebook ads. You don't want to lose money with your Facebook ads either. They want to know how it's possible to work only 10 hours a week, 15 hours a week. They want to know how it's possible to actually build a business like that. Oh, great. You know what I saw something the other day, saying that you're working only 10 hours a week. It's purporting now this sort of guilt on parents that have to work more than that. So now I need to be crucified, because now I'm making people that have to work more than that guilty. Cancel me. Great. I'm not afraid of that. Does that make sense? So you have to understand that sometimes we're trying to avoid people saying things about us disliking us disengaging, when in fact, that creates certain mechanisms of engagement that we're looking for. Now, the second phase of it is this. speaking the language of your customer what lights their world on fire more than anything else, what makes them feel passion? What makes them feel excited? What makes your target client feel like they have finally found everything that they've been hoping and praying for. And that's found in your language, as well as your body language, as well as your tone of voice. And so learning how to control your tone of voice and your language, to be able to communicate powerfully is a skill that we must learn that we have to learn how to do. One of the biggest things, though, is that we're so caught up in our head thinking about what does everybody else think about me. And so you have to learn how to calm that nervous system down to where that's not where your focus is. That's why I talked about getting yourself into a state of mind where you are totally at the level. When we talk about levels, generally, it's a mental level of awareness, to where you are whimsical, you're not afraid you're not worried you're not self censoring yourself every step of the way. You're not thinking in the back of your mind, what are these people going to think? And so that's where you get into a flow state. That's where you get into where it just flows out of you from your thoughts and your heart. And it comes out of you without you doubling down or thinking, should I say this? Or shouldn't I say this? As far as that goes? Now there is a process where you can slightly think about that. And you think about, okay, how is this being received by people? And that's the tension that you want to get into? To what you have control over? How are you showing up on the outward? What's your body language? Like? How are you smiling, I need to smile more when I make content I get my face usually gets really intense when I make content. And it's like, okay, if I just smiled more, I probably would actually get more engagement with most of it. As far as that goes, I have to like put it I should put a big thing here like, make Be sure to remember to smile. As far as that goes, right. It's just little tweaks that we can make to our communication. Now here's the last thing that I'm going to say. And this is why this is so important. Check this out. Once people sign up for something, they're going to sign up for a webinar or a challenge, or an ebook, or a mini course, right, or a Facebook group. And at this stage, this could literally be anywhere from

[941:20] Speaker 0: free $297 Pretty much, because you're not going to actually make a profit on this if you're charging 97 or $197 with ads. So again, you can charge $27 for a webinar. You can charge $97 for a five day challenge event. You can charge seven bucks for an ebook, or an audio ebook, you can charge seven bucks a month to join you in a small Facebook group or a Patreon channel. Or to get a mini course again, you're not going to make a profit off of these. But what these are going to do is these are stage two engagement mechanisms to where you are nurturing and building trust by qualifying out all of the people that would waste your time up here. Don't ever concern yourself about what people think over here. And quite frankly, I don't even concern myself much about what people think at this level. Your goal is to get them to where they are so deeply excited. I did and engaged with you and bought in to the possibility of working with you that they will move their schedule, they will sell things, they will cancel other subscriptions, they have to find the money to be able to pay you $1,000 How many of y'all have done that before you've been able, you found the money somehow, when you didn't have money, because you just had to do something. Because you just had to sign up for something that can I tell you this, in this industry that we're in right now, this is being massively manipulated in people. They're using these mechanisms, just like dating. Just like the mechanisms that they use, I'm gonna say it that they use to rope girls into a lifestyle of prostitution and pornography. It's exact same strategies. And if you don't realize that a lot of coaches and mentors are literally doing that that are out there. They're roping people in and getting them hooked on a drug that they can't pay for. And then they have to prostitute themselves out to the coach. Not sexually, but with their time, and with their investment, and they're not getting anything for it that they actually dreamed of or wanted. You know, one of the interesting things that people say is this, what's the difference between a marriage and prostitution, if you talk to somebody who's a cynic, they'll say Not much, it's about the same thing. But if you actually understand the real depths of marriage, it's far more than just sex or things like that. And if you really understand about getting em giving impact to people, and having integrity, and truly helping people, there's a huge difference between what we're teaching, and what a lot of other coaches and mentors are doing that are doing this manipulatively that are doing this without morals and ethics, because all they care about is the sale. All they care about is making money. But can I tell you this, just because they're using these strategies, to essentially legally steal from people doesn't mean that they're wrong for you to use for your offer that actually helps people. They're not get people from content, engage with them. Get them to sign again, I'm not talking, I'm not talking about doing stuff. But like, anyways, let's erase the prostitution thing that I had mentioned here, off of the table here, we're not talking about anything like that. What I'm saying is there are literally the energy of a lot of coaches and mentors that are out there is very close to a human trafficker. It really is, it's a mind trafficking that ends up happening. The energy of of, can I tell you this, a lot of our social media platforms are trafficking attention from people. If you watch the social dilemma, that's what it is, they are stealing your attention for a payout in their stock price. Okay, again, we could get really, really pissed off at this. Or we could say, How can I show up in these spaces and rescue people out of this? How can I help people see something that's better? How can I show them something that is better than just zoning out to video games or Netflix or Amazon books or, or whatever it is, I talk about using entertainment to help tap you into a positive state of mind. But can I tell you this, a lot of people get hooked on fiction novels, they get hooked on video games, they get hooked on these drugs, these mind drugs and they can't get out. At probably the reason why I've studied so much about the way that media and film and all that works, because that's exactly what it is. And, and yet when it comes to when we're producing the best marketing, and the best training we want, we have to use the same strategies, storytelling, emotion, emotional triggers, getting the emotions with highs and lows. As far as that goes, creating that sense of deep connection to a familiar feeling or story. As far as that goes. And when you learn to do this, and you resolve in your mind that it's not unethical at all, it can be used unethically. You got to understand those two different things right. Again, I don't know what your opinions are on guns, but I do know that they can be used for good or evil. As far as that goes, you know, again, in today's world, I watched the film Oppenheimer, God forbid nuclear warfare happens, but you can literally see how good evil can both come out of something that's dangerous like that. This is dangerous stuff here. The stuff that we teach in this program at its core is actually very dangerous in the hands of somebody who wants to do wrong, you could totally manipulate and steal from people, you could totally do things that are unethical with this content if you actually do it. But you can also do extremely ethical and high integrity things. And again, that's what I believe is who we've attracted in this program is people who have integrity, people who are actually willing to go out there and connect with people. And they're willing to learn how to do these things really well. And that's what the courses and the members area teach you how to do. That's what the the question times are. That's what these times are to walk you through the process of being able to create the best content that does that. Okay. Here's one of the best things that you can do. And I'm gonna leave you with this two minutes, and then we'll take questions here, I'm gonna do the questions. One of the best ways to get really, really good at creating high engaging content is in the beginning is to just create a bunch of content, that doesn't necessarily have a perfect purpose to it, for the intention of getting better at your message. So I experienced this in the last week, check this out, I created all of these different YouTube videos on my channel for the last two weeks. Some of them got quite a quite a few number of views others didn't. But I found I got the most amount of YouTube views that I've gotten in like four years of making YouTube content. But a side effect happened. And this happened three years ago when I was making daily videos, is what I teach and what I taught in these, here's what I did. Check this out these videos from two weeks ago today. What I taught in these videos is, is almost word for word exactly what I teach in my in my webinars. It's almost exactly what I teach in my challenges. There's almost no difference between what I teach my webinars and challenges that people sign up for.

[1075:25] Speaker 0: On my YouTube video, I took one element, let's say a webinar is like 20 minutes long, I took five minute elements of that, and I unpacked it for 40 minutes in a YouTube video, and helped me really start to refine the language and the concepts of how I want to do things, then I can reverse that right back, shrink it down into Instagram reels and into a webinar. And now I'm even better at explaining and expressing myself why, because I gave myself a sandbox to create content in where I'm not super concerned about being perfect or saying it perfect. It's just to get that message out there. But it helped me internally refine how I teach and how I lead people along that. And then what I did was at the end of every single one of these videos, and I've never done this with the video before I actually ended the video about the last 10 minutes of every YouTube video is a micro pitch to join the waiting list for my accelerator and to join me on maybe a future event that I do. So I do a micro pitch for my accelerator. I did this multiple times here. So now instead of me pitching my accelerator once a month in the webinar, I pitched it 1-234-567-8910 times in the last two weeks. And I got better. And I've gotten better and better and better at how I want to pitch my my, my webinars. So I did an entire basically years worth of sales pitches and creating engaging content in two weeks, by just putting it out there on YouTube. None of these are edited. There's not a single edit on any of these I press record and just started talking for 40 minutes. And about the 30 minute mark, I start wrapping it up and going to the close. So I do a quick five minute intro teach a concept for about 2030 minutes. And then I do a close that then what that did was I'm doing it for me. You got it, you got to flip this. I'm doing it for me to get better at how I communicate with people that are out there. And what's happened is I'm seeing the comments are starting to improve slightly. They're starting to get engagement. And I got a weird comment yesterday, that's okay. But I'm getting clearer on my message that I can now take to my next webinar that I'm doing in June. And that's going to be like lightyears beyond the last ones that I did. So much better. I'm so confident in the results that are going to come out of it. That that's going to happen. And so you have to get really, really, really good at learning how to communicate in a way that engages people and study that. study how some of your favorite people that you watch on social media communicate. That's one of the biggest things I can tell you is just one I tell people on social media or YouTube or in webinars, communicate, see their cadence notice the times where you lean in and pay attention. What did they do differently and then borrow some of that, and implement that into them. That's why we have the free webinars archive in the members area. So you can even see the progression of all the different webinars that I've done, I'm probably gonna delete a lot of those, so that there's more of our more recent ones in there, because a lot of them are not even worth your time watching through at this point. But the more recent ones are, and you can see how the engagement starts to evolve and change. Okay, so that's what I want him to teach here today. And I want to go into the questions that people have asked, and we're gonna go into q&a mode here. And that's exactly what we work through here in this group. That's exactly what we go through here in the accelerator. So what we're going to start with again, so we're going to start with the questions that were pre submitted. In this post, and again, that's what we're going to start doing and we're going to take, we're gonna have you ask questions in a post once a week. And then I'm going to delete the post. So if you're like, Where was my question? Well, you're going to have to watch the recording. So the post gets deleted after this. So Tiffany asked like six questions in here, Adele last one, as well see,

[1142:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's sort by most recent, and then I'm going to go to the bottom here, Adele, I now have a low ticket offer for 97. Ready to promote? Can you tell me how to run Instagram ads?

[1145:52] Speaker 0: Simply to my Instagram page, to boost sales? That I'll sell in the stories. Now as to a landing page, but maybe a precursor? I'd love to run a live event. Yeah, so when you set up ads in Instagram, it's in the Facebook Ads Manager. Just like when you're setting up Facebook ads, what's up? So you want to make sure that you link your Instagram account to your business manager? No. Okay, do you have that linked?

[1156:25] Adele Best: And no, but I'll google how to do that.

[1157:26] Speaker 0: Okay, in the in the in the Facebook and pixel clarity course and all that we do show you that as well. That's

[1159:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: basically yeah, you want to you want to link to your Instagram accounts. And you want to link that to your business manager and then connected assets. I connected it to my ad account right here. See? Yeah, connect it to the ad account right here by assigning an asset, the ad account? Yeah. Okay.

[1165:51] Speaker 0: So then that allows you to run that they're running ads from Instagram inside of the Instagram app, I wouldn't touch that with a 10 foot pole. You're gonna use the actual

[1168:58] Adele Best: first things. Yeah, don't do that.

[1169:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don't do that. And so then you can go in here when you create an ad for Instagram. Go in here. So you got these different again, types of ads, stuff like that. I use conversions, conversion ads. Unless I'm retargeting then I'll use traffic ads.

[1175:20] Adele Best: So if it's if I'm not running it to like a page where I want them to sign up for an event, that will be a conversion one. But if I just want like, if I just want to get visibility onto my Instagram account and get followers, would that not be a traffic ad? Or? No, that

[1179:03] Speaker 0: would be an engagement ad right here. Yeah, but I don't know, that would be posted engagement. Or awareness. Again, I would be a little bit cautious with just getting followers with an ad. Because you want them to take some kind of action with you at some moment in time. So you could have it where they leave a group or they leave a comment, and then

[1186:14] Adele Best: it sends them something. Yeah, on my fan store. I've got a lead magnet, which then upsells them to the offer.

[1187:53] Speaker 0: Okay. Yeah. So as long as you have something like that, here's the cool part about it. You can still run it as a conversion ad, even if they're going from step one, two, and three, because it's going to track over the course of like seven days, did they see that? Or over the course of 24 hours? Did they see the ad and then they commented they clicked it and then they signed up? So it's then still gonna show that engagement ad to the right people if your version goal.

[1195:06] Adele Best: So if I put my free guide, which is really an upsell in the Lincoln bio, that would that track that is clicking that. It

[1197:23] Speaker 0: will Yeah, it'll track that they saw the ad and they went and did that. Yeah, you're not putting it necessarily an ad that links to it. You still would actually probably if you or goal is to get them to click the link in bio, or to, again, it's I think it's better on Instagram than Lincoln bio to have them commonly a word and then it says, Many chat.

[1203:23] Adele Best: Yeah, I can sell the course through that many chat automation as well, you can

[1204:40] Speaker 0: have that. Yeah, you can have that many chat automation, send them to the standard store link, you would still set a pixel up on there and have it tracking that as a conversion because the algorithm is going to show it to better people.

[1208:24] Adele Best: Yeah, okay. I heard I heard somebody on Instagram Live the other day she was going live. And somebody asked that question, or one new Should I run Instagram ads? And she was like, No, don't do that. Because then almost

[1211:28] Speaker 0: everybody says no, don't do that is because they, here's what,

[1213:06] Adele Best: well, this is what she said. And I was like, I don't I'm gonna ask Jeremiah this. She said, the algorithm will like put you in a box that says, Oh, you're prepared to pay. So we're gonna, like, you know, reduce your organic rates, because you're prepared to pay for it. So now we're gonna, like, suppress all your rates to be extreme. I was like, where did that

[1217:42] Speaker 0: come from? Never heard that. My like, I don't know. I've never heard that in my life. Because even if you're paying, they're still gonna give you organic reach as far as that goes. But again, the organic reach. Here's the other thing, too. And this is why if you're talking about organic reach and stuff like that, again, Brock Johnson is a lot better at that type of stuff. He teaches a lot of good stuff on that. People that teach organic reach side of things follow you're saying but they might not know how to run ads either.

[1225:24] Adele Best: Yeah, I was like, I'm not listening to this. I'm just gonna and

[1226:30] Speaker 0: you can get engagement create an audience and then retarget to those people. And a retargeting ad is 95% cheaper than a than a call that? Yeah, able to retarget to who's already engaging at a cheaper cost? Yeah,

[1230:15] Adele Best: then I can maybe retarget those people and do like just to do like a masterclass webinar and sell. And

[1231:46] Speaker 0: then that just becomes a whole kind of self ecosystem that sort of grows and snowballs together. Yeah. Okay,

[1233:47] Adele Best: so in summary, then connect my Instagram account in the ad manager and run a conversion. Conversion ad. Yeah,

[1236:09] Speaker 0: yeah, I would. Because here's the thing, if your goal is still to get them to sign up on something at some point, within the next day or so from that point in time, I would still run it as a conversion ad. And then explicitly tell them like which action you want them to take as well in the video. Because they're because generally, they're not going to do an action unless you tell them which action to take. When you're running ads, you can tell them which action to take. If you're not running an ad, I do find that some you might be cautious not telling that you don't want to tell them to like the post, but telling them to comment or share it is okay. Or telling them to go click on a link somewhere that's okay, as well. But telling people just like a post, I think it likes aren't even very prioritized very much anyways, likes are such an outdated metric anyway, yeah. Yes. So don't do anything. Because you can literally have a post like 500, zero comments. And it's like, yeah, I'm gonna do anything for you. But that engagement is like they want to be part of the conversation. You want to really inspire that become part of the conversation that?

[1253:03] Adele Best: Yeah, it's about connection. And it's not about going viral, having massive followers. It's about converting people connecting, converting and getting sales. So you can do small audience. Yeah,

[1255:56] Speaker 0: totally. Yeah, I don't have a huge audience at all. And I think you can easily do that you can make seven figures on a small audience of three 4000 People easily. Because they're highly engaged as far as it goes. Now, here's what I here's, I've challenged myself with because I've learned how to do it with such a small audience. I am challenging myself now to figure out a lot of the more high engagement stuff, because I sort of like rejected a lot of that for the longest time. But I also realized that a lot of my content was nurturing the people I was connecting with. And so when I don't have content out there as well, my sales decrease, because they're not seeing these other pieces of content that I have. And then I literally saw like three other people that you would say like gurus and stuff like that one of them was Leila her mosey she said, they found that when they stopped making content videos, their sales decreased with three clients. And that it wasn't necessarily that the sales were coming from the content videos at all, that they had content videos alongside a sales pitch became a catalyst.

[1271:58] Adele Best: Did you see Alex Rosie said he's not making 30,000 bits of content anymore recently. Oh, yeah, totally. Yeah.

[1273:50] Speaker 0: Yeah, that's why I'm doing generally one reel a day that I if I'm just getting inspired or ideas and I'm doing more the longer videos, but again, I'm doing it for me to refine a lot of my message and my pitch and stuff like that. And you'll notice I'm not giving away a lot of the secret sauce about offer creation on my YouTube. I'm leading right up to the point where I tell them about offer creation and then I'm like, okay, Have you got to either get on the waiting list? Why do I want them to click to get on the waiting list? Because I can retarget them with my webinar.

[1281:39] Adele Best: So your call to action on your YouTube videos is to sign up on your it's like a lead magnet. You want them on your list.

[1283:24] Speaker 0: I want them on my waiting list for the accelerator because I want them to think about the accelerator. But that's actually a eyes though is the term red herring. Is that one of those? The piece that's intended to be misleading or just Yeah, it is a red herring. Yep. So it's slightly misleading that I tell them to go to get on the waiting list on my accelerator. It's not a bad misleading because I still want them to. But it really is. It's an intentional sort of misleading them to the accelerator. Because if I can get them to do that, I can send them emails about my webinars. And I can get them to see all my ads for my webinars. Or at least click the curiosity for my accelerator.

[1293:53] Adele Best: So you're still running your webinars as normal. You're just doing this YouTube stuff as well, just

[1295:02] Speaker 0: sort of adding that piece to it. Which, here's the weird part. I was I was doing three to five YouTube videos a day, a week. All last year, I stopped in like February.

[1298:55] Adele Best: Yeah, but only 10 minutes, they

[1299:27] Speaker 0: were only 10 to 15 minutes long. And they weren't getting a lot of views. It's crazy is once I bumped them up to 40 minute videos. Now I'm getting all these views. I thought that'd be too long for people.

[1302:54] Adele Best: But YouTube is more. Yeah, so YouTube's not wanting

[1303:45] Speaker 0: that. And so I can. So I'm like, okay, I can find 40 minutes, three to four times a week to talk about one aspect that I'm already teaching on a webinar. Like so in me anyways. And like, I'm literally not saying anything people haven't heard from me before. But as I say it again, and again. And again, I'm actually refining a lot of my webinar content. So I found that to be a really side effect of it is I'm able to refine a lot of my webinar content by creating those videos. So

[1311:04] Adele Best: how do you know that? How do you know that your message is getting better on YouTube? Do you mean just by getting more views?

[1312:32] Speaker 0: Actually, so what it is for me is I can feel it myself. I know when what I'm saying is better. Okay, internally, because I want because I just I know like what I'm saying in a way, if I can say the same thing. And it's just as powerful in two minutes, as I would say in 15. I know it's gotten better. And now what am I what am I going to talk about for another 40 minutes? Well, now I can go deeper into explaining that concept. And I haven't lost them. I'm getting better at that side of it, as I'm getting better at like explaining it with less words. And that was always what I noticed when I did my podcast I'm actually doing I'm not even doing anything different than I've been doing for last four years. I started with a podcast. And then I started making short videos on my content. And then I started doing webinars where I talked about the best, most engaging topics on my podcast. And then I'm like, Okay, now let's go back to lean into the YouTube thing where I have a podcast that's 20 minutes long. What am I doing on the podcast? Now that's different. I'm actually teaching, I'm testing ideas out of the podcast, the podcasts where I take the most risk. And I can so half of my podcast episodes have zero listens. Because I'm taking a lot of risk and when I'm talking about because I'm really going out there with like, not worrying about the algorithm or is anybody listening to this? YouTube is where I have more slightly more refined when it's on a webinars where I'm like, this is like it's it's pretty much very scripted. To get people to purchase. Yeah. So all right. Thank you. Yeah, awesome. Um, okay. Again, I was supposed to rapid fire answer this, but you were on here live. Tiffany, I want to answer yours. And then I can kind of circle back to you. And then I want to take let me take Deborah's question first, and I'll take Tiffany. What's up, Deborah. We'll get I'll get better at kind of how we do this sort of pre loading questions thing. Bear with me, guys. What's up? So

[1346:23] Speaker 2: I didn't have a pre loaded question. Because I didn't know I was gonna have a question. All right. So in my situation, I'm very active on Facebook. And I've got people who pay attention to what I'm doing. But it's not where I'm going for my business. Okay. And I don't, I don't want to disrupt the flow of what I'm doing through Facebook. But I also want to pivot somehow more into the health

[1355:13] Speaker 0: and wellness to like 50, like 50% of your content, just switch switch it. So like keep doing like what you're doing already that's working and then like ADD and slowly start to take away from it. So it's kind of like, you got like two buckets. Yeah. And then it's like, okay, you might For like, 25% of one bucket into another one, and you start kind of, okay 25% Of my content might be about the health stuff 75 might be this, now we're gonna start to lower it down to 50% 50%. Think about the health stuff, and you start transitioning people over to that sort of new way of doing things.

[1364:38] Speaker 2: Okay, I didn't, well, I didn't know if I should do that. Or if I should just like, let that be. And then go over to like YouTube and start doing little videos over there.

[1367:48] Speaker 0: Well, that's a great idea to on YouTube, you could literally just make it just all about the health stuff. And then you start sharing that over to your Facebook, and you start kind of moving them sort of into engaging with like, oh, on YouTube, Deborah talks about this, right. But on her Facebook, she talks about this Oh, and she's bold, she does both. And that's kind of the cool thing about the multiple platforms is you can sort of be one way on another. Like, if you engage with me on X or Twitter, Twitter's now called axe. It's almost all AI related or like video games, or like it's, and then I do still have my business content on there. But it's like, it's stuff that I literally am not going to post on my Facebook or Instagram. Because it's just, it's not that it's over everybody's heads. But it's just like, nobody wants to see me talk about like compute power and the way that certain companies are changing their chips and algorithms for AI. You know, I like nerd out on that on x, which is cool, because I got a whole like, bunch of like, X friends that I can talk to about

[1383:58] Speaker 2: that connect with. Yeah, and it's almost like different platforms favor different kinds of topics as well. Yeah. So all right. I think that's, um, that's it for today.

[1387:08] Speaker 0: I do say Facebook and YouTube do seem to favor the long form videos. Very well. Okay. So Facebook, also, I'm getting I get a lot of views and engagement, even on Facebook with the same videos that I'm putting on YouTube.

[1390:39] Speaker 2: Do you handle Bumble? Or do you have to upload them separately? You do? Yeah. Yeah, cuz, anytime I try to promote anybody's anything, it's like my numbers got a crash? Yes. I got to upload

[1394:08] Speaker 0: them separately. Yes. Yeah. So uploading to YouTube. Or you could upload a screenshot of the YouTube video to kind of move people over to that. But yeah, I've done those crash. If somebody else's thing, the only exception I have noticed, if I share a YouTube video inside of a Facebook group, it doesn't it does pretty well. Is that a group? Okay? Yeah, like, a YouTube video will do fine. But anytime

[1400:32] Speaker 2: I promote Sean Floyd stuff, not only does my numbers crash that day, I get spanked for about three days. So I'm not kidding.

[1403:12] Speaker 0: The algorithm is trying to shift over to what he talks about for you. So you might agree with it, you might want to share it with people. But it's like, for your purpose of your business. Unless you're you build that following all around that content, it does it kind of like it's like, okay, she's now only about this content, and the algorithm is gonna start to do that for you. You just got to realize, like, it's better to kind of find what does the algorithm favor? Because neighbors,

[1411:03] Speaker 2: and I'm kind of in the collective person. So like, if I start, let's say, I started dealing with like, you know, Dr. Ayman stuff is all about mind health, I suppose. All of a sudden, all of a sudden, it's like, I'm starting to get ads with that. I put up the worship stuff, then I start getting ads for that. So I think it is an algorithm thing. It

[1416:31] Speaker 0: is, it's 100%. And it's very quick. Um, it's very,

[1417:43] Speaker 2: explains why I get delayed. I thank you for saying that. Because like, man, it's like every time I put usually, if I, if I link, something that somebody else posted, that's when I find it the worst.

[1420:49] Speaker 0: Yeah, they again, they also do favor you sharing your own ideas. Yeah. During your own videos, sharing your uncle. That's the other thing you could do this. This is where, okay, you love something that Shawn Floyd posted. Check this out. Okay. Again, by the way, I'll say I'll say most of what Shawn Floyd posts I'm not a big fan of, but that's just me personally. But I get to he's super good at creating engagement for his audience. So I study what he does from that aspect. He's like, he's literally doing exactly what I said. Right?

[1430:09] Adele Best: Exactly.

[1431:12] Speaker 0: But like, and it's almost like, he's does such a good job of like, making you angry at what he posts if you'd like, totally agree, but that's part of his whole shtick, too, it's, I gotta, like, respect the game at that point. And that's how I've gotten to that point. Like, I actually respect the game and the more that I've started to respect what people do that are out there that I may not agree with all their posting, but I'm like, oh, but you know what, there? It's working from

[1438:06] Speaker 2: gauge. I mean, he could get, he could get 3000 likes. This is no joke because I get it. Get 3000 likes and like 15 minutes. It's like, oh, no,

[1440:56] Speaker 0: yeah, great. But what I did, which is also funny.

[1442:04] Speaker 2: Today, I took something that I liked what he said, and I made my own. I made my own

[1443:43] Speaker 0: post with what somebody said, make a video where you might show what they said, now you're a commentator on somebody's content, the algorithm will promote that.

[1446:04] Speaker 2: Yeah, it's fine. That one's fine. But yeah, so that's the

[1447:15] Speaker 0: that's the way that they really support a lot of that. And that's why in the pro video editing course that I showed, I show you some really quick ways to do that, too, that you can kind of,

[1449:44] Speaker 2: by the way, I am so impressed. Okay, two things. One, I am impressed with what you put together. I was watching is like, looks amazing. The pro video editing course. No, with the new how we get into our account. Oh, yeah, it's been laid out the teacher side of me. So happy. Yeah. Number two. I am an exporter. I like to encourage people. And I've just recently started thinking about like, I wonder if people think if I'm encouraging them, I want something in return. The answer's no. But now I understand it. Because you talked about that today. It's like, I better kind of read the room a little bit. But it's good.

[1460:29] Speaker 0: It's good when you're in a teaching setting. Yeah, it's really good. It's different when you're like, on somebody's webinar, or so there is that, like I said, I said nine times out of 10, I would say you're more exception to those people, nine times out of 10 though, it's not coming from a nice place when people are just, they just they don't know you from Adam. And then now they're like, Oh, I just love you. You're amazing. It's just not. Okay, like, I'm always skeptical of that. But I've also found as well, to tell the difference with people to I can read the difference much better today than I could before. I used to get really sucked in with people that because they would give me a lot of praise. And they can manipulate a lot out of me. And I just I gotten hurt so many times from that, that it just it taught me. Okay, like, Thank you, like thank somebody for the praise. You don't need to shut them down or accuse them of something. But you know, at the same time, I just I just I take it with a grain of salt. And it's kind of like let it pass up by so. All right. Thanks, Deborah. Yeah. Awesome. All right, Tiffany, Tiffany. I'm in the land of copy and refining my messages in chat deputy please remind me which courses how to do copy. Yep. It's in the members area. It's a chat GPT for sales letters. It's funny, I was actually going to tell you about that. Tiffany, did you delete your previous questions that you had in here? She's on here. She was on here. I think she deleted her previous questions. She had like six other questions on here that I was going to answer and she deleted them.

[1486:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's one thing I would recommend to not do. Um, just because I would like I wanted to kind of unpack those here today. I hadn't even read them. I was even going to read them till you're here today. So anyways, yes, it is. In the members area.

[1491:05] Speaker 0: Sales, copy mastery for chat GPT. It's under beginner courses, right there. You can also just type in currently, you can still find I think most of y'all will still have all of your courses in here. Do you guys, when you log in? Do you have all of them or you just have the six? I don't know. You'll have to tell me. I'm going to I'm gonna have to go dive in and figure it out. But anyways, right here sales, copy mastery for chat GPT. And then it's under beginner courses as well. sales copy mastery, which at GPT. So I'm going to have to make an updated one again, I seem to have to keep doing this with AI every six months. Because what I taught and this one was based on AI like really working well. I would use this just to generate ideas and brainstorm. Now I only recommend using AI now to brainstorm ideas, and learn how to trigger your own mind to speak for itself with the AI. As if it's like you're having a conversation with like a friend that you're tossing ideas back and forth with. So that's what I use AI for now is like I'm just like, Oh, I'm like I'm shooting the breeze with a friend about an idea that I had. And then it inspires me to express myself better. I'm in the land of copy and refining my message. Yeah. Which of course, was the epiphany bridge. Does this need to go in all my copy? Yeah, so the epiphany bridge is just really how you start to understand what the copy is. It doesn't necessarily go into your sales copy the epiphany bridge. This is a great question. By the way, Tiffany, I don't think I've ever taught this part of it before. It's more of an overarching thing for you to keep in the back of your mind as far as how somebody gets from point A to point B to point C. And then you can reverse engineer that back into your copy. So what we're using chat up at the right Copy, where we're actually feeding the algorithm ideas so that it can give us better secondary ideas. So the epiphany bridge is really just a just an emotionally driven story that then it will borrow and reverse engineer back into its copy rather, rather than you actually using the copy. When you're using the chat GBT prompt document. I don't even necessarily use a lot of what it generates for me, till I get to point number six, storytelling sales letter framework, this is really what's going to be your sales letter is this part right here, step six. And Step seven, you're creating foundational data for the AI and having it generate AI generated foundation data with these steps. That's why there's multiple steps to it, you won't even necessarily use any of what's up here. This will give you ideas, but you're not going to use most of it in your copy until you get to this one storytelling framework, because it's going to frame the issue and problem in a story that shares empathy. And then there's this other prompt that I like using as well expand the pain points, see if there's a few pain points you want to borrow as well from there. And then these ones as well, I would maybe remove these as steps, let's kind of those. But you'll do it kind of after that.

[1544:13] Speaker 0: With that, after the steps above, you can then reverse engineer that into making an extremely good headline, or a couple of headline ideas. And then I like to piecemeal them together. So I might borrow from three or four of the ones that generates into a funnel headline, and then generate maybe 20 webinar ideas. I almost never use the idea it gives me but it inspires what my final idea will be. Okay, so that's how you utilize that from there. What are some tips to not complicate the copywriting process? Yeah, so you did this. I think if you're doing all that, I think it comes down to view not necessarily maybe knowing what what's going to happen next. It might be you wanting to know what's going to happen next, that gets you into a nice frame of mind and energy and idea to where you're you're flowing and doing that and I can see that happening. But what is happening, I think that's happening with you, Tiffany is you are your overthinking while you're doing the copy, because you want it to be just right or just so. And there's something I want to teach a little bit later about the concept of getting it just right, which is closely related to its cousin perfectionism. Right, getting your sales copy just right before you put it out there is a form of perfectionism and might not be exactly perfectionism. But it can it can be a form of it. And so that you end up getting really wired into this like, okay, it needs to be just right, and then we end up actually missing the emotional part of it. Because we're stuck in logic. So you want to get out of logic and thinking and is this so perfect? And get into Does it feel good? Does it feel right and this is a very interesting aspect to writing sales, copy and marketing that I think it took me six years to understand this so that I can share this with you in about 60 seconds. Good marketers and sales copywriters, when they're writing and doing marketing are heavily in their emotions. And you have to learn how to get in your emotions and out of them if you're going to be effective at writing sales copy. So for me, if I'm able to clean watch movies play a video game, it allows me to actually kind of get more in touch with my emotions, and my inner voice as far as this goes to feel more then when I get out of writing sales copy, I sort of have to re white like re transition myself back into like, Okay, I don't need to be that far in my emotions as a dad and husband. As far as it goes, I still need to be in touch with feeling what does my wife feel and things like that. But when it comes to sales copy, I ratcheted it up to like 5000 I have a level of empathy that I can tap into when I'm writing sales copy that makes me a very unpleasant human to be around because I'm so in touch with what's going on that I almost start getting a little bit afraid of this and afraid of that and then that's where I have to learn to calm my nervous system down because I can't let the fear run me or now I'm writing fearful sales copy. Now I'm writing anxious sales copy. Okay, so that's where being very aware of where is my emotions going? What direction is it going? So when I write sales copy, often I will have to get myself into high empathy and generally where my brain goes has heavy fear and worry, happens all the time. And I have to tell myself, Okay, wait, what am I, okay? I'm stuck in fear now. And what I'm actually doing is I'm empathizing with the fear that my clients are feeling. And it's creating an echo chamber of fear inside of me while I'm reading the copy, and it just doesn't work. So now I have to rise above that fear into a place of authority. And that's what gets you to where you're not overcomplicating, it is when you start writing from authority, not being a colleague with somebody. So when I'm writing sales copy, I have to put myself into a state of mind that is of like the ultimate like leader, leader, guru to the Guru's, like, I just fully believe, like, everybody is going to love this, they're going to trust me. And then I start affirming and visualizing the outcome that I want from it, not the outcome I want to avoid. Okay. So rewind back through what I just shared with you, Tiffany, when you watch this, and it's actually a process that I go through when I write sales copy. It's a process where I go through ratcheting up the emotions and the feelings, and then getting myself out of fear out of logic into authority. Once I'm in authority, I start expecting the best outcome. And then from that place is where I write the sales copy. Because I'm expecting the best outcome, my brain is wiring the neurotransmitters that are going to actually attract that outcome to me. And I'm not overthinking it, because I'm actually just expecting it to work. So that's what I read, the best way that I get my mind into the right sales copy is that I, that I fully it's an interesting place I can get to. In logic, there is no way for me to know that this sales copy is going to work logically, ever. But I have to get myself into the state of mind of somebody that just fully expects for it to work with 100% of the people that read it. So when I can do that, what flows out of that is 1000 times better than logical sales copy. Because I'm just fully writing from a place of like, ease and expectation and just excitement of where we're going with things. And then what I'll do is I always come back to my sales copy three times, I put it asleep, and I come back to it the next day. And then I put it asleep again the next day. And I might take a break for a day or two. And I'll come back to it the next week. And so this is a process, I'll do like three, three days of writing sales copy, I'll do an hour on day one, or two hours, I'll do an hour on day two, and then I'll do about 20 to 30 minutes on the third day, where I come back to it after pausing and putting it away. And that usually creates the very best copy because I'm just not overthinking it. I'm looking at it objectively. I'm not in my emotions. I'm not caught up in what's going to happen with this. I'm not caught up in wondering, is this going to work. And I'm just like, You know what, whatever happens happens, and I'm gonna have fun with it. And it comes from a place of fun with the copy, where the copy now becomes the game that I'm playing. And less of the like, you know, that stuff so that hopefully that might help Tiffany's out here. So I wish I could talk with her about this. But, Michelle, what's going on? We'll take your question. I'm going to read the if there's any in the comments here. What's up, Michelle?

[1657:05] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay, hello. Hola. As you roll along, I'm like, Okay, there's more questions. There's more. The first one, I'll ask what website are you using? Because I like how you cleaned it up. I'm just curious.

[1660:01] Speaker 0: Same one, we've been using the you

[1660:40] Michelle Plucinsky: know, what is it for

[1661:20] Speaker 0: the courses?

[1661:36] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, like your layout I use.

[1662:14] Speaker 0: I literally am not using any other website. It was literally just I got a vision for the graphics I wanted to create to put on them.

[1664:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I just created these graphics right here. But it's exactly the same as we've been using for the courses. It's just, they're not all separate. They're all in. They're all in their own file.

[1668:43] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, it's like a filing cabinet you'd like put them in closer. Yeah.

[1669:45] Speaker 0: And actually, if you want them to be filed, right, this is how you do it in Thinkific. Right now, this can help kind of optimize it for you guys on your own. If you go in here, I should have said this at the beginning, I mentioned this. But we're gonna I'm gonna make it to where it kind of just consolidates down for everybody here soon. If I click on all three of them. Now what I'm gonna see on page one, this is what everybody's gonna see really soon. And you're just gonna see these three, or these six ideas right here. So you got to start here the way Thinkific works is it reorganizes whatever you click on first, it brings it back to the top. So that's why it kind of moves them around bi start here monthly calls archive beginner courses intermediate learning library. Awesome. Learning Library is basically every other course that didn't fit into start here, beginner or intermediate is just like video editing, MailChimp. Basically, ads made easy for beginners, which by the way, we have the one for newbies, which is better than this one. So that's why I didn't put it in the beginner one, because this one is actually a bit more outdated. And that one's way easier to understand selling for people who struggle to sell mastering individual sales. virtual event playbook tick tock yet. So there's like all these courses over here. Though you don't get bogged down in the weeds of these, you can kind of focus on the ones that are more important. And that's why I always say beginner, this is like if you're a total beginner, just kind of look at these, see if there's anything that you don't know how to do. These are for like totally starting out from zero. Intermediate is like, Okay, you got some of the stuff working on that front. This is how we can kind of optimize, we want to maybe automate things, we want to start turning it into a membership from just a course, we want to optimize our pixel, we want to outsource to team members. All right, that's Thinkific. Cool. Same thing, if ik thing I just I just basically, I created six courses. And then the lessons that we had as courses before are now considered chapters.

[1704:14] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay, that makes sense. I do Kajabi. But that's totally making sense.

[1705:05] Speaker 0: Okay, Kajabi, works better. Kajabi is even better. So Kajabi has what's called categories. So you create categories, and then inside of the categories, you can have courses. Okay, so each category, and you can click on a category, and then it'll open up another page that looks kind of like Netflix with all the courses inside that category. That's how we structured. Rick pinos worship coach programs, we did that, because he's got almost as many courses in here as I do.

[1713:55] Michelle Plucinsky: That's just it, you have to have the courses in there. It's like you can't organize.

[1715:05] Speaker 0: But you got to put down categories. So he's got like six or seven categories in there that are just all about worship. And we segment and that that took like three months to figure out. I wish I had I don't think I have a photo of how he did it, but sort of have a login to there anymore. But

[1719:36] Michelle Plucinsky: even hearing the timeline, it took three months to figure it out. That's the things I don't hear. Yeah,

[1721:03] Speaker 0: it took me three months to figure mine out. That's the other thing to remember. I said I was gonna like it took me roughly five months, because I just overthought it the whole time. It's kind of hard to organize stuff like that. Specially like, for me, it was hard. But yeah, so for coaching, the way that I see in Kajabi. Let me see if I can find

[1727:30] Michelle Plucinsky: because they're kind of nebulous for people who are like, I can sort a piece of paper and tell you exactly where it is. This is like, yeah, for me.

[1729:59] Speaker 0: Yeah. So here are Kajabi. Under products. You can create your do categories. And then under a category Yeah, you can put, oh, they're called subcategories. So you put your courses as subcategories inside of a category. And each category can have its own icon. In Kajabi. Yeah. So and then that's where you start adding lessons inside of those. So that's where Kajabi I think, did it a little bit better than Thinkific is they have those two stages with that. They really thought about that. That's my only thing. That's why I actually think Kajabi really is better overall than Thinkific. But it's it's twice the price for most people, but it isn't. Yeah. I've been saying that for Yeah, trust me. I'm not ever not going to be someone who knocks Kajabi I think it's I think it's the best platform that exists to really

[1744:57] Michelle Plucinsky: follow to other like spiritual coaches new way to kind of they both use that and I find it really easy to navigate. Yeah, that's

[1746:48] Speaker 0: right. I just built mine starting off and think epic. I like it. I didn't think epic if you do it the way I just did it and work well that way. It's interesting, though, I use Thinkific I've had people who come from Kajabi and they say they like how Thinkific is laid out. Yeah, but I prefer that Kajabi you can create that more like true like Netflix type of feel. For people towards like you dive in and it just has the I like the cover art type of a thing and you dive into the categories with the cover art like Netflix has. Yeah, and

[1755:22] Michelle Plucinsky: I'm into that. Okay, my next question is this. We've had two videos, I don't know they're not super viral, but you know, one has 4,000,001 has 1 million. And so on Facebook when I'm listening, it's easy for me to go in and invite people to like our page Just because it's

[1760:26] Speaker 0: zero pin, is there a comment with a call to action on those videos?

[1761:21] Michelle Plucinsky: No.

[1761:46] Speaker 0: Oh, do that need to add a comment with a call to action? Because a lot of the people who engage will get a notification? Well,

[1763:06] Michelle Plucinsky: I do the first comment that is, okay. Tell us where you're

[1763:59] Speaker 0: from. And you can comment back to the people who engage

[1764:45] Michelle Plucinsky: too. We do do some of that. My question is, my audience has changed. It's grown about 9000 people from that. Yeah. And my audience where it used to be our buying client. Now it's a viewing client, and it's a younger demographic, but third world countries, which is fine, because if I'm doing like a boost for a promotion, or something local, I can choose my audience. But I'm just Do you know, is there any backside if that's which is I mean, I'm looking to get engagement and to have Facebook promote us when we do our live shows? Is any back end stuff I might not be thinking about? That could be a backfire?

[1776:21] Speaker 0: Ah, well, you can you can load those videos up into your ads to retarget all those people.

[1778:17] Michelle Plucinsky: But if they're third world countries that are not really buying, they're just watched.

[1779:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, when you're running an ad, you would just segment those people out. But yeah, using that a lot of the Third World viewers know, okay, because the Albert because Facebook is making money off of that. That's why they're promoting a lot of that to you.

[1782:36] Michelle Plucinsky: And it gives us social proof. There's a lot of videos, more people, you know what I mean? So I value there. But now,

[1784:35] Speaker 0: here's the thing, though, with AI, and a lot of that we're gonna start to see a shift. I do think in the next 15 years, a lot of these third world countries are not going to be third world countries. We're going to see a balancing where they're going to become more like rural America. But then I think there's a there's a shifting that's happening, for sure. I think, you know, I don't know what's gonna happen with America. That's too much. But I will say that what is happening? I mean, Elon just brought Starlink to Indonesia. That changes so much for their economy there. Yeah. You know, and so as people start getting access to information and they start creating businesses, what you're looking for is we're looking for GDP increase in these countries. And now you have people with expendable income, and they can buy stuff from you, because they want to do stuff like that. So again, our world today, everything gets influenced by who is the resounding content creators, the United States of America, I think, is still pushing out more content. Europe, a lot of Europe is pushing out a lot of content.

[1804:21] Michelle Plucinsky: Like,

[1804:39] Speaker 0: is China pushing out a lot of content globally? Not really. But they are influencing which content is shown to people globally? So that's a whole, you know, I would say, definitely China and Russia are influencing what's being seen globally. But they're not necessarily pushing it out from their own place, identifying it as their culture influence. They're, they're shaping the culture of a lot of these other countries for more of a backdoor. Again, that socio political economical conversation. But yeah, I know, not a lot of that to over on x as well. So that's why

[1814:02] Michelle Plucinsky: I love it. Okay. Then the other question would be, I'm building my Instagram personally, and doing a daily post. So I get more comfortable with the camera and doing all that jazz. But you were saying that you're going back and possibly deleting some of your content. I want to have social proof so that when they land, there's

[1818:40] Speaker 0: what I say I was deleting? I don't know

[1819:28] Michelle Plucinsky: why. Maybe it might have been on YouTube, some of the older Oh,

[1820:49] Speaker 0: yeah, I kept some of my big videos, but they're just they're not even like, they're so old. They're not even like anything related to what I'm doing now.

[1822:56] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay. Because our business one, that's what I'm debating to like the old ones that were really bad with liberals,

[1824:34] Speaker 0: they have so many more views than the new stuff I'm putting out there was the problem. Once my views pick up, I think I might unhide them again. But if I go on my YouTube when I click popular, here's Now what you're gonna see is I have a bunch

[1828:17] Michelle Plucinsky: of these. You're not even like you're hiding them. You're not even deleting them.

[1829:21] Speaker 0: I'm not deleting them. I'm just making them unlisted, but I do these ones these. So these three like video game laptop ones, it's literally one laptop that for some reason, I was the first person to ever make videos for them. Literally,

[1832:52] Michelle Plucinsky: yeah, look at what your content was. It was like 200 something 1000 This

[1834:09] Speaker 0: was 2016 I was in my mom's office and Abigail film this with me when I got this new gaming laptop right here.

[1836:28] Speaker 2: Ah, that's awesome.

[1837:31] Michelle Plucinsky: That's like so out of my league. It's so funny. Yeah,

[1838:16] Speaker 0: but like, you know, different branding than what I got. I have now Oh, as well. But that's why I kind of like, but I kept those up there because it's kind of cool. It's from seven years ago, it's still something I'm into. It's part of an audience that I long term would like to attract. I really long term want to have a bunch of gamers, learning how to become coaches. Yeah. Which is literally my story. Let's put it that way. Right? And so like, what's the journey of Jeremiah from the last 20 years? And if I can actually mentor like, gamers to do that, I just know that like the quality of their end product that they can really learn to get as good as I am at it is going to be insane. Really? Well, Alex or mosey said, has all this developers that they hired now for school, they're all game developers.

[1853:51] Michelle Plucinsky: I believe that my tech girls a gamer, saying

[1854:47] Speaker 0: is that? Oh, yeah, a lot of the tech teaching, people are that. But if you can teach a gamer how to be a communicator, they can also they become really good at sales. Because it's very much like playing a video game. The way that I approach webinars and content and sales is how I approach videogames. Same thing, same thing. And so if I can, literally, and again, that's gonna be like a long term thing. I think it'll be over the next five to even 25 years. I've talked about my vision of creating video games that maybe my son will play, or my son's friends will play. Okay. Again, I'm not going anywhere with changing my content that you see, I'm going to be talking about copywriting and sales and all of this, that's not changing. But I'm gonna start attracting that audience over the next 15 to 25 years why 25 years from now is when Halston is going to be 26. And he's going to have friends that No, they've been watching Jeremiah Krakowski, since they were 14. And they're literally going to be like the next Alex or Mozi. Yeah, like, hey, this

[1873:00] Michelle Plucinsky: game, oh, my gosh,

[1873:21] Speaker 0: you know, and they're, and now they're going to be creating like, just crazy stuff with AI and all this. So I'm like, long term, I'm looking into the future with my business of what is the most certain path to a billion dollars? Is that right there, while still making it all about? How do you use technology to educate, generate leads generate sales for businesses, you know. So again, y'all don't need to worry about like, what's in here, being irrelevant to you guys. It's more I want to kind of convert a lot of those people over to become more like, people like Michelle, and Tiffany and Adele and all the people that we have in here that are just amazing. Just everybody who's in here we got Sidney Shonda Robin, Michelle, married Deborah Dana, Bill, Adele, and another Michelle. And

[1889:12] Michelle Plucinsky: I think it's interesting, too, because Russell, when I went to Funnel Hacking, they're all like, younger than me. You know. So I think there's a demographic that's missing my age and older. You know, there were people older than me, where they pulling the trigger. They're like, Oh, I'm trying. Yeah, you know.

[1893:22] Speaker 0: Now, here's the interesting thing. When I talk to a younger demographic, they're the most brutal that like telling me that I'm just like, the biggest joke scammer that they've ever seen on the internet, because they're like, you're just such a stupid idiot joke.

[1896:34] Michelle Plucinsky: And I'm just like, you're not doing the work. Why would you say that? You'd live? Because

[1897:43] Speaker 0: because I don't look or sound like Alex or mosey as why. And so but I'm sound like me. So it's like, okay, that's not my demographic yet, right now? Um, no, I wonder like, No, you just take advantage of old women that are too stupid to actually know the truth? And I'm like, No, not really.

[1903:02] Michelle Plucinsky: I know that those old women have money. Yeah, well, there's

[1904:44] Speaker 0: I thought I'd actually explained this to somebody who was a gamer. As I said, Actually, my demographic frequently gets taken advantage of, by really crappy people that are my age. And so I want to be a voice that does better and actually helps them and gives them like real meaningful, true content. And they were like, Oh, that makes sense. So so you're, so you're trying to so you think of yourself as one of the good guys and I'm like, I am one of the good guys. Actually. No, I know that I am. So it's like, it's like, it's not that I think of myself as that I know that I am. And it's like having that confidence helps me elevates me to a place of authority now in that conversation, you know, that's why self belief and self confidence is so important. Again, when I said to Tiffany, what I was saying is you got to get yourself into that authority mindset. Because otherwise you'll just be playing like you'll be playing catch up and trying to defend your sell to everybody so often. So thank you. All right, let's read through and see if we got any questions that did come up in the comments here. Ah, oh, why are you deleting old posts? Oh, yeah, no, it's, uh, yeah, I only delete that was just on youtube I was. And then I might delete some old, like webinars that are in the members area, because there's just so many of them. I might leave like one or two from like a year ago that I know, were really good. But like some of them, it's just like, you know, you guys don't need to watch through those, they're not going to help you. You know, they might help you give you like some inspiration that like, oh, like I wasn't as good as I am today at this stuff. But I'm having like five years of old webinars, I don't think it doesn't necessarily, it's more of a distraction, I think for some people, so. And that's why I may even start to remove some of the courses eventually, I have not decided I'm not removing into the courses right now. But if I notice, certain people are watching this one, I'm gonna start paying attention to the stats, Oh, you guys are watching this old course. That is probably going to not be helping you. I'm going to remove it. In exchange for a newer one that's better in the members area. Currently, it's more just organized that way. But we're gonna I'm gonna start. My mom did that with the inner circle. And it was hard. It was a hard thing for her. It was when she I think she really knew that she had upgraded to like a new levels of business owners when she started removing courses from the inner circle that she knew actually were people were drawn to watch them in the vault because the title was so attractive. And yet, it was so outdated that they were learning stuff that was hurting them. So she was like, Okay, we're not, we're not going to have that. So I don't think anything else. I don't think anything in our members area is like that. But I think over the next year or so it's going to become like that, as I start bringing even more updated content. I'm gonna now start sunsetting and moonlighting certain old courses, that just they're not they're not good to watch. How can you measure how much the video that that people watch on YouTube. So I haven't actually looked at this, but you can under Analytics, you can go in and see. Let's take a look on this video that got watched 781 times. And this is really your true view count is what it is if we look at this video that got watched 781 times, and I click on analytics it's my most viewed video of this type. So look, I can see watch time I can see views I can see engagement, I can see reach. Typical engagement retention. Okay, so looking at retention is right around 20%. So that's really good. So really, the real number is closer to about, let's say 1520 10% They really got like meaty content about 20%. So it's 20% of 700 140 people got really good high quality views off of this video that I did right here. Now I've seen some YouTubers they'll have as high as 60% retention on their videos. So I've also been watching on YouTube. Like other if you get if you get the algorithm on YouTube at YouTube is really kind of cool, because start watching a certain type of content and it will show you more content like an echo chamber that's like that. So YouTube is now showing me a bunch of content on how to make really high engaging YouTube content. Right here. This guy Marcus Jones, he's got some really good stuff how small YouTubers are making big money? Again, I'm not looking for monetized or big money I'm looking for more than ones of like how do you get like long engagement is what I'm finding is what I'm looking for. So he's got a lot of good stuff on here on YouTube Marcus Jones really like his style as well. Thumbnails and video quality don't grow YouTube channel. And he engaged in and it was funny that I watched his video. It's 95% of everything I teach you guys already. So I'm like okay, I'm doing 95% But I picked up a few nuggets that he's like, if you're not doing this, do that. And immediately I'm starting to see more results because I'm actually doing like I was already doing 95% Of all the right stuff on YouTube already. But I was missing like the thumbnail and I was missing the the title. You don't want your thumbnail and title to be the same thing. I literally picked that up this week. I didn't realize that. So now I'm making my thumbnail and video be different. six out of six figures working 10 hours a week. The title is three steps strategy to quit your job and go on and your business. Two very different messages. I'm treating it like an ad now. I'm treating it like a micro Facebook ad. This is the headline. This is the creative is my idea marketable picking the best six figure ideas. These are a little bit too similar. These are too similar. See, so I was very similar. This one is not similar. Now we got almost twice as many views. These two are not similar. These are pretty similar. These are pretty similar. So I'm playing around with it for my podcast episodes as well. This one's too similar beating writer's block to similar. Tomorrow's podcast goes out. We're doing the not similar approach. That was like such a gold nugget for YouTube. Don't make your thumbnail but the same thing in your title. I'm like, Oh my gosh, that's perfect. Thumbnail grabs attention. Title explains what the thumbnail is about basically. So upcoming YouTube video now that we're doing is no my podcast this week, from employee to entrepreneur, step by step the thumbnail is the right way to do it. So it grabs attention the right way to do it. Oh, what's the right way to do what? Oh, okay. And I don't know. But I have a feeling that this this podcast is gonna get a lot of engagement. Now, here's the cool thing. I just did a video right here a three step strategy to quit your job go all in. It's not the same as this video, this podcast right here. I mentioned my podcast. And as I said, if you guys want to know the mindset to do this, go watch the podcast. The podcast is fully mindset based. It's it has almost no strategy in it. This is very little strategy. It's all mindset from employee to entrepreneur, total mindset. This YouTube video, it's all strategy, almost no mindset. So I created a strategy, YouTube video and a mindset podcast and I tell people to go watch both. So I'm filtering to and creating an echo chamber type of a thing inside of that. So again, I learned that from watching like three or four videos from Marcus Jones, for YouTube market or not Marcus Rogers, Marcus Jones. This guy right here. I enjoyed some of his stuff, the peak end rule, that's kind of interesting, how to get more views in two minutes. 14 things that will get your YouTube channel. So he explains a lot of that, again, most of it is to do with what we teach in this program, your niche, really getting it's a lot of it is client feedback, a lot of it is just like pay, find what they want and make content more of what they want. That's like that's the secret sauce of all content creation, and even coaching, find more of what they want, give them more of what they want. But because I'm selling something, I'm not giving them everything, as well. And I'm creating an anticipation to go buy something later from me. I got three DMS this week of people that wanted to join the accelerator off of my YouTube videos. On Facebook, they went over to my Facebook and said, how do I join I need to get in? I said, Did you join the waiting list? We'll let you know when they were disappointed by that. But if they're really engaged, they're gonna keep watching which I've now seen them commenting. They're liking all my content now. And so it just kind of builds that anticipation as far as it goes. Yeah, you guys can preload your questions. So I'll be making a post in the group every single week where you can preload the questions in the group. I think that that's a great way to kind of get through some solid content as well. I think it's going to create a nice synergistic approach today was a little awkward, but I logged in at the end of last week and I feel like they were all there. Oh, yes, you're right. A lot of the questions were at the end of last week's q&a Yeah, you're right. Business Startup question what do you recommend for billing payment processor customer relationship manager

[2064:43] Speaker 0: in need to get a system in place to enroll and build new building customer Robin I got a couple of questions for you on that one claim you what what platform are you using? What are you selling and what are we trying to like explain some of that to me

[2070:47] Speaker 0: what are they paying you for? Now think your microphones working Robin

[2077:42] Speaker 0: okay, you can just type it in as far as that so again, I use a stripe stripe. Not everybody likes stripe There's a battle between stripe and this other one called lemon squeezy that everyone's really liking. lemon squeezy is I think they're gonna take over a lot of stripes business, they're basically a stripe, like a, their, their, their, their value proposition is that their stripe but better and basically. And so they charge you based on like how many subscribers you have or like fees for E commerce and stuff like this. They charge a little more than stripe, though is the thing. But they say in exchange, they're like their people seem to like them better because a lot of the things they hate about stripe don't happen. I have not necessarily had a lot of the negative stuff that people say about stripe. Here's the problem with stripe that people say one of my clients did run into this, they can just kind of shut you down and take your revenue and hold onto it for like 90 to 100 days. And that has happened to some people. So some platforms have their own payment processor, I know Thinkific has Thinkific payments, which solved a lot of this problem for people where you can take payments right inside of Thinkific. I know a lot of people that have moved over to Thinkific payments, they like it. I like Stripe, here's the thing with stripe is why I'm I think I'm doing good with stripe is we have no chargebacks. So like we have, like nobody who asks for their money back to their credit card company because they're pissed off at me. If you're getting a lot of chargebacks, you now run a risk in stripe of them shutting you down. Or if the content you're selling is what they consider like a high risk category, what's a high risk category to stripe? Yeah, I think you're fine. As far as that goes. Think if IK and Kajabi, basically, a Java EE Tei payment platform, the Java EE payment platform, I think Kajabi also has good job payments as well. So both Thinkific and Kajabi have built in payment processors now. And so because of that, if you're concerned about stripe causing you issues, I would not make that be a concern. And I would just use their payment providers that are built into Kajabi payments, or stripe or are thinking about payments. You know, here's the one advantage I do like about stripe, they offer you loans at really incredible interest rates that don't go on your credit. Well, let me explain that. If you're doing a significant amount of recurring revenue, 30 40,000 a month, they will offer you to take out a loan of 100 grand at like a 10% they charge you a just an upfront 10% fee. And then you can pay it back over the course of like a year or two. It's like a two year term, but they just instantly deposit you the cash like the next day, I've taken out two or three of those from them. And they're amazing. So as long as you know that you got a trend where you're like gonna keep revenue going in, I find the stripe loans very attractive, because they don't they have no credit check. They're just based on basically like an advance of your revenue. And so what they just they make that 10% origination fee off of it, which is really attractive. In today's market, that's actually better than most loans you can get from a bank. So, um, the, but now like I'm looking at an SBA loan, I'm probably gonna do like 150,000 from the Small Business Administration here. I just applied for one last week, I want to do a quarter million, I want to see if I can get approved for like a quarter million to half a million. And I might just take out like 100 250 right now and then have an option to take out like more later. Why would I want to borrow that much money? Well, when you get to where your business is doing where my business is, it makes total sense. We're mostly always starting out your credit cards are going to be kind of your line of credit as far as that goes. That's why paying off your credit cards is a good thing. Learn to manage your credit cards that way stuff like that. When people enroll, where does the data go? Direct stripe. So what it is, is if you're using a platform like Thinkific or Kajabi, they enroll in there and they have an integration, it's just like it just connects the two like you're just you're just connecting a wire like right here. There's just they this is stripe, this is Kajabi and they just plug in and you don't have to worry about what goes on in there. And so they sign up on Kajabi and then their data goes into into stripe. And then they have like a like an API connection again you don't have to worry about how it works because they've worked out the kinks out. When you refund somebody in Kajabi it processes it all in stripe and does all of that as far as I saw all the tech side of it happens on the Backhand stripe is extremely difficult to figure out how to use on your own without an integration. They've made it a little bit easier. I would say lemon squeezy has some much easier stuff as far as that goes. But that's why I said, Yes, Stripe integrates directly to think if IK and Kajabi. I like it. I think for your niche, I think you're fine with that. My Nisha is actually considered high risk with stripe. The reason why I'm not concerned about it, though, is because our chargeback rate is so low. So yeah, I'm not too concerned about that, the money will still be there. And again, that's why having different relationships with like lending partners and stuff was good because if something like that comes up, you know, you can get you can get an advance on some of the money that they're holding it as well, startup costs for Kajabi. And think, you know, Kajabi is almost twice as much as Thinkific. Overall, they have they do have like a Kickstarter package, which is really nice 69 bucks a month to get the foundation set up. That's, that's really cool. Um, but most people, you're gonna basically be paying almost about the same or more with Kajabi. Book Kajabi is a great experience. I think it's incredible. I think their little their $69 Kickstarter is a nice deal, though, that Kajabi does have. So that's kind of cool. You're gonna have, you're gonna have 50 active customers with that, which you'll hopefully wipe that out pretty quick. And then you have 1000 customers at the basic level. We wiped that out before, whereas Thinkific is a little bit cheaper, but different, different customer experience different platforms. I like them both. You know, you use I would sign up for both play around with them. See which one you like the most. Go look at some people's members areas that are involved as well. are in one or the other. All right, well looks like

[2196:52] Speaker 0: so if we hit all the questions, perfect. I don't know if anybody was asking anything in the group on the live video. I know he might be watching the video or he's gone. John denly said that he's wanted to say goodbye to everybody to go buy his book. So anyways, we wanted to say goodbye to him, but he's not out here. So that's okay. All right. Maybe you'll see the video or he's, he's already got. But let me see. Michelle. What's up, Adele?

[2206:19] Adele Best: I thought you were signing off. I was just saying thanks. Oh, yeah,

[2207:19] Speaker 0: definitely. And well, no, I was kind of signing off, but kind of not. Michelle, you did post this question about word count on a blog. And I answered you here. I thought about the answer in like three stages. Oh, you added more nice. I got like three different answers. So there's not a lot of agreement as far as word count on blogs should be longer than a threat on social media shorter than a book chapter. I like 1000 2000 words. I don't do a lot of blogging much personally, I let the AI turn my stuff into that. I'm not really too worried about the SEO. We haven't worried about SEO in the coaching industry for about 10 years very much. Yeah, most of our clients that we've worked with, just because there's so many coaches out there, it's like, it's worse than fighting for the algorithm on Instagram, to get SEO working for coaching. But you couldn't get SEO for certain topics of blog posts. I think that is I think that is one way you could do that. I played around with that a little bit. When I did, I did get one that ranked a little bit but it didn't turn in any clients. Here's the thing, if your SEO ranking for a blog post, you can now retarget those people with ads. So that's one advantage. As far as that goes. Surfer SEO is one of the best tools that I know for that search for SEO.

[2226:07] Michelle Plucinsky: It's I think, like, for me what I wanted to do it was an exercise to get a book and this would be the blogs would give me the content. Oh yeah, for sure. I want to make them too wordy. Yeah.

[2230:14] Speaker 0: And I would just do this. I would just then kind of exactly. That's a great approach to take for a book. Okay. Then when I asked I like using AI for blog post generation to write book chapters and segment out works really well. At Yeah, chat. You can use chat GBT for that. Exactly. Okay, um, yeah, just tell it like you're like you're reading a blog post about this topic. There's a bunch of GP tees as well, that are in chat GPT that are for blog writing, which is kind of cool. Okay, great interview. Oh yeah, you're tying it with a link that might match it linked up to Instagram. Oh, I gotcha. Yeah. Okay. If you're linking them straight to Instagram, you can link them with an image as far as that goes. Yes, that's Oh, that was something I didn't mention. For those y'all that are still on here. Thanks for being here. So much to learn so much to do. Yeah, chat GPT. Four, oh, is should be available to everybody for free now. And I'm not even using GPT for anymore for anything. So you can get four Oh, for free. Anybody now gets it. I don't even know why they have 3.5 on here still. Because four Oh is like the best. And they're refining it even better. And pretty soon, they're gonna have it to where you can literally open up your camera, and you can show it stuff in video, and you can do a FaceTime call with it. Like in the next couple weeks, they're gonna have that come out. Wow. So I can literally be like, Alright, check out my landing page here. Look at this, let me know, give me some advice for this. Here's a couple competitors pages. Here's this. Let's take a look at this. Now let's come up with the best sales copy for this literally your workflow, you can adjust it all in with the video that way that's coming to this. But yeah, GPT four Oh, is what I'm using for most everything. And it's free. Now. What do you get for the paid version? Well, you get more access to cheaper T four, oh, they have limits, they have like five times less limits on it. As far as that goes. They're borrowing from the model that cloud AI use. So Cloud AI, it's free, or you pay for more access as far as that goes. But yeah, they're giving you their best algorithm now for free. So yeah, most of y'all can cancel your chat GPT paid account and use it for free. And you can still explore GPT, which is cool. And you just can't create GPT Yes. So creating GPT is is kind of cool. If you want to kind of create your own, that you can have to refer back to that, like knows your content, you can literally load files of your content into it. And you can make a custom GPT in here the way if you cancel

[2271:09] Michelle Plucinsky: your membership or you lose the data that's in there that you created. Now

[2272:22] Speaker 0: you shouldn't at all? Um, yeah, no, not at all. But yeah, so you get access to a lot of these, you get all these GPT still for free. And you get to use chat GPT for Oh, so it's like everybody's asking me like why am I paying for chat GPT probably don't need to anymore. Good to know. And they also have this thing called memory now where it can rank remember certain things, you can tell it like what to remember, and they'll remember things about you. I haven't turned off because I do so much in here. I'm also still using a lot of Gemini advanced for a lot of things. So you might switch over to paying for Gemini advance from paying for chat JpT. Because paying for Gemini advance I'm using kind of both I use GPT four Oh, and Gemini advanced Gemini is a lot more emotional in its outputs. But it creates way like lower quality as far as like sales copy goes GPT is still really good for helping you write Facebook ads. It does

[2287:44] Michelle Plucinsky: face what's perplexity then.

[2288:45] Speaker 0: So perplexity is kind of its own algorithm that it's a bit of a mix of a search engine. And it can like that's hard to explain. I wish I had a way to explain my Google and all these crazy algorithms into it. And okay, my

[2293:36] Michelle Plucinsky: Google's ad guy says it's messing up Google with ads and stuff like that. It's becoming editor.

[2295:13] Speaker 0: Yeah, it is. Okay. Yeah, so like perplexity, look at this. Like, they also have this like discover feed right here, you can just access. So I can click on this feed right here. And it's gonna give me like all these outputs with sources. So it pulls so perplexity pulls from all of these web sources, and then formulates an answer based on actual source content. So complexity is really good for research and can be valuable for processing through even like personal trauma and things like that as well. Because it can pull from a lot of psychological articles to answer individualize questions that you might be dealing with for different things like that. So I use perplexity to do research, specifically because it's pulling from the web. So kinda does that too. But yeah, again, different purposes different tools. Thank you kindly sir. Can you share the link to plug in copy the AI I don't know what you're talking about Robin. Do not know what you're talking about. The link to plug in copy to read up. Now know what I'm doing when we're doing.

[2318:46] Speaker 0: Oh, I see. I was I showed you what you're wondering. Okay. Cool. Yeah. Oh yeah, if you want to let you can just copy and paste it, but if you want to create a GPT with like your own content, you do have to pay for chat GPT to do that, and you can go in and you can create a GPT right here. And you can configure it. And under here under knowledge, you can upload files, so you can upload like text files that are transcripts of what you're teaching and doing. So that's kind of cool as well. Another thing otter AI they have upgraded their auto chat Toria now pulls in into anthropic everything that you're talking about. And it's it uses anthropic now, so now I can actually formulate ideas like what are the top 10 pain points from all of the discussions above that people really want solved? Literally, I can do like mass level research on my clients and all of our conversations now just right here in Otter, I don't even have to pull it into anything. So it's analyzed, like every conversation that's, that's been transcribed from zoom. And that's gonna give me hyper accurate responses now, under otter chat. Because I have an auto link to zoom to transcribe everything that I'm doing so top 10 pain points that are discussed. And it's gonna take, it's gonna it's bringing a lot of it together, and it's analyzing it, based on the conversation struggling to get clients overwhelmed with too much info, difficulty standing out from competition, impostor syndrome, and knowing how to market and sell effectively tech overwhelm, dealing with negative opinions or accusations, lack of clarity about ideal client, reviving and monetizing an email list and writing compelling sales copy and landing pages. So it says that pretty much those are like the top 10 reasons why people are in the accelerator program or engage with any of my content as far as it goes. So then I could like I could take that over over here. No, generate me once a YouTube video ideas to solve problems for someone with these issues

[2359:24] Speaker 0: thinking of course it's going slow. It's supposed to be faster but it's not today because we broke it interesting. There we go. How to retain clients effective sales techniques overcoming analysis paralysis standing out of the crowd mastering new technology so literally I could pick one or two of these that might be a good YouTube video for me to make some simplified funnel guide landing high converting landing pages so all of these little bitty YouTube videos that I could make or I could unpack ideas based off of this let's say

[2371:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's say this 120 followers and the clients generate me 20 YouTube video ideas based on the above my avatar around this topic and so this is where I love having the AI expand out an idea into deeper ideas five tips see how to use Facebook groups to turn followers into clients

[2378:41] Speaker 0: generate me 20 YouTube ideas based on this for the person above center to quit

[2385:13] Speaker 0: I broke it real secret to turning followers maximizing turning of following oh wait no we did it was how to use Facebook groups. That's why I wanted to do so I'm going like three layers deep now into the ideas that it's giving me here. And this is how you can like just come up with unlimited ideas for Instagram reels content all of that why Facebook group step by step guide to creating a Facebook group that converts content ideas, leveraging groups the power of Live Video How to Use challenges and cut promoting your services

[2398:14] Speaker 0: turning I like turning Facebook group members into paying clients and literally just kind of like a play video on that, you know, so that would be like that's how you could come up with ideas for content. I'm logging off now I know you'll gotta go. Sorry. You said I was gonna go already. I was coming up with all these ideas. All right, we're gonna go. See you later everybody, everyone.

[2404:21] Adele Best: Thanks Jeremiah. Thank you. Bye

