Mailer Lite Lesson 3
Date: 2024-10-07T03:15:30.000Z
Duration: 24 min
Otter ID: NmJH7GjoPbGBJh6ocNbYGk27TII
---

[0:05] Speaker 0: Alright, so now I want to show you in MailerLite how you manage subscribers and groups, as well as set up automations. And this is really the beautiful part about the software like Miller Lite that you don't get inside of other pieces of software that's out there or just by simply using basic email. The reason why we want to use a software like Miller Lite is the ability to do stuff like this. Okay, so we broke down how to set up campaigns, how to create forms that are on our website to get people to actually sign up for them. Everything inside of Miller Lite is, again, it's all broken down based on the different segmentation and the groups and subscribers that we have, and so this is how you're going to be able to split up who you're actually reaching is based on those groups. You can create any number of groups that you want based on the actions that people take, and that's what's going to segment them out. Now the other thing is, is that groups also give you different types of analytics, like open rate and click through rate based on them in the campaign. I can also go through into my automation, and I can look at what is the open and click through rate from that specific automation series, which is really great, to be able to see anything above a 30% is really positive. So the fact that we have a 54% open rate on this series for our free evergreen campaign was incredible. Okay, so after this, now what you can do is you can create automation series. So when somebody signs up through a form, let's say you have a landing page, like the site that we created here, we have a landing page for people to sign up on our site right here. Okay, we can now look at, we can go look at, okay, once they sign up for this, they're going to be put into an automation sequence. And so that's where automations come in. So we built an automation right here, and I'm just going to show you what that looks show you what that looks like for this course. For this free course, when somebody joins this group, they trigger the workflow, and then they get sent these emails individually, okay? And then each day, they get another email, and then it waits for a certain time, it sends them another email, waits for this time, sends them another email. Now let's break this down again. This one is it's going to wait until midnight, and then it's going to wait until six in the morning to send this email. So I'm able to literally control when this email goes out to somebody. They get to receive the email at six in the morning the next day. And then this one is, this is a military time. This is based on the time zone of the account that I actually have that my email account in. So this is going to go out at about four o'clock in the afternoon. And then you can see this one says, wait until five o'clock. So that's going to go to the next day because it's already past that time to send these out. So what we're able to do is we're able to automate the sequence of people receiving these emails over the course of a couple of days that are sent to them. There's even three emails that are sent on the last day, and then at the end of it, it moves them to a group that says that they are no longer a part of the the offer right here. Okay, now this one is that one's set up, wrong? So let's set this up, right? We're gonna say that this is gonna move them from this group over to this group, right there. Okay, there we go. And something that I'm looking for is we actually want to turn this off, set this up. To make any changes to your automation, you got to turn it off and turn it back on. We're going to save that and I turn that automation back up. So anytime somebody joins this group inside of Miller Lite, it's going to start sending them those automation emails. Now let's start from scratch if we want to actually kind of set this up. Okay, so we would start by going under subscribers, and we would create a specific group. Okay? We can create a group name, and this is where the subscribers are going to go into now, based on the form that we created, whether we created a form over here and we have that embedded form add them to a specific group at a specific time, okay? Or we use something like Zapier. If we went into Zapier and we had that set up where the ZAP is actually going to start, adding them to this, to the specific group at a specific time, based on the form, if it is this, you. Uh, Squarespace form right here, it's going to add them to that specific group. Okay? So what that does is that's going to now have the subscribers be tagged as a part of that group. So now we can start automating certain emails that are going out to them based on their membership of that group right there. And we can remove and add people from groups with the automation as well based on certain actions they take. So you can remove them from an automation series as well. If they complete something like I have an automation set right here. If somebody joins the client growth accelerator program. My automation is set up to where, if they join the accelerator program, it actually removes them from the group, so they're no longer going to get those marketing emails if they joined the accelerator program from that specific group. Okay, so let's go create a new automation here, and this is how we would set this up. So under a new automation, they have these different templates. Start a welcome email series. This is to welcome somebody that has joined your list. This is you can do abandoned cart series. There's a lot of different stuff that you can do with this. You can connect a store to do things like this. Now I've I've not done this where we connect an e commerce Store, but I know that they have a lot of different like E commerce, APIs and things like that. That's a little bit more advanced than than we even necessarily need to worry about. What I like to do is just focus on the group segmentation. So my automate, my automation is going to be this new group right here. And so anytime, and that's where we select the trigger of the automation, we have a couple of different triggers that we can set. And really, this is, this is the different stuff that we can do that decides if they're going to start receiving a certain automation. So you can see when subscriber joins group is the first trigger that they give you an option for when subscriber completes a form. Now you'll notice those could be the same action, but they're not the same thing, and so they give you two different options. If you want to have it set up based on a form that they set up from, you can select that as the form. You can also do two multiple triggers. You can have two two different triggers. You can have up to three triggers in the same automation. So I can have where they join the group, or they signed up for the form. But the idea is that this is the trigger that is going to start the email sequence. Okay, you could also do an automation based on if they clicked on a link in your automation workflow. So the automation workflow starts when they click a designated URL link in your email campaigns or automation. So this is an interesting one, where you can set a unique workflow based on them clicking on an individual link. Now not necessarily use this type of a workflow, but I am curious as to how you might use it. Let's actually ask chatgpt real quick how somebody might do this. If I have an email marketing software and an automation trigger allows me to trigger the automation based on someone clicking a link. What would be ways this would be used? Okay? It could be a specific follow up sequence. It could be event registration. It could send them a certain confirmation email only after they click the link. You could have a specific survey after they interact. You could send re engagement emails, things like that. So that is kind of cool. Again, little bit more advanced than even I like to do, but there you go. Workflow is triggered when the subscriber field is updated, so that could even be a field one of the subscriber fields, if it is updated, so let's say deadline and is not equal to and then I could leave that blank. So if it becomes not blank, then it would change that if it does contain, if it contains triggered automation, like if country code contains China or Russia or something like that, that could be the trigger anniversary of a date workflow triggered every year on specific dates.

[154:59] Speaker 0: So this could be the anniversary of a date right there, and you select a specific date field. So you gotta have a date field from a group that they're in,

[158:50] Speaker 0: or exact match of a date right there. Okay. So. Triggered on a specific date, such as subscriptions, trials, things like that. Okay, but I like this when they join a group, because it keeps it very simple. I created two different groups here. We have one that's for when it's started, and the one that says completed, that we can move them to. So when somebody joins this group right here. Actually, let's just have it where they join the completed group. Why not? Okay, now this says they allows them to repeat the workflows, which means, if they're added to the group, because I have an automation that's set up that actually removes somebody from the group in one of my previous ones, actually removes them from the specific group. I could set this up to where, since my trigger is that they got added to the group, it could re engage or re trigger, or re send them those emails again a second time after 24 hours. Okay, so that's the trigger. The trigger is the initial part of the workflow that's going to start the sequence of things. Now we got different options here. We can choose to send them an email. We can delay so I could say, let's say that they're triggered in that but then I can have it set to delay it by three days before it does anything, and then I could send them email three days later. There's an automation sequence I was thinking of setting up for the accelerator program that's similar to this, that triggers around four days after they sign up for our accelerator program, for instance. So if I go right here, I can set this up where, okay, somebody joins the accelerator program, and then I have an email that goes out to them four days into that sequence. It waits four days specifically, okay, so now this is where we write the email, so I can set up my name. You set up a subject line here, like getting the most out of the accelerator program, out of my accelerator program. Okay, and this is actually a sequence that I've been wanting to set up anyway. So there we go, getting the most The name doesn't really matter. It's just an internalized name that you can because you can reference the name later. You can set up a trigger based on

[200:34] Speaker 0: they have different like things that you can do based on specific emails. You can set up different segments based on email names and stuff like that. Okay, so let me see getting the most out of the program. See getting the most out of the accelerator program. Okay, there's my name right here. Here's the email address that we're sending it from. I now we can go in and we can design the email, and this is where it goes back through the same sequence of actually setting up an email. I like the rich text editor, because it's going to be most likely to reach the email inbox. And then I could create an email, and you go in and you actually create the exact email that's going to go out to somebody in the automation. So you gotta go actually build the email inside of this email builder right here. Okay, so you just, you start typing it up. We're so glad you joined program. I'm not going to build out a holy mill for you. But like you get the idea is that that's where you can add that, and then that's the email that actually gets sent out to them. Based on that sequence. Right there, you could set up another series of events where you have another delay like and by the way, you could set the delay for minutes, for hours, for weeks, specific time of day. So this is whatever that next day is, like. We had set up specific time of day, five in the morning, based on that account time zone, okay? And then you can set up another email right here. Now there's a couple of different other things you can set up. You can set up AB split testing right here, where you can actually test two different emails that go to the audience. If you're getting a lot of leads that are coming in. You could do this where you set up a sequence of two separate emails that go out and see which one performs better. Okay, you can set a delay, even you could delay one email. You could send it without a delay to see if delaying it produces a better result or data or something like that. Okay, we're not going to use an AB split test, but you could do that right there. You. A web hook. This allows you to set up a web hook URL. So this could be something like, if you're doing something inside of Zapier with web hooks, you could actually set that up. And let me just so again, that's how I like to use chat GPT. Explain. Explain how web hooks in an automation sequence in Miller Lite would work.

[249:14] Speaker 0: What is a web hook? It's essentially a way for one application to send data to another one. So you have an automated sequence, and then it could trigger that somebody gets access to something, or subscriber information gets passed through. They get access to a product, or things like that. So you could sync that up inside of Zapier, if you do like a web hook, because Zapier can create certain web hooks for you that would that could do stuff like that, one of the one of the events you can set up inside of Zapier, as one of the steps that they have right here. Web hooks by Zapier, and then you can do certain web hook events. They get different query strings and things like that. Now again, that's pretty advanced technical type of stuff. But you can set that up instead of another light. I don't use those as well for mine action. This could be an action that actually happens inside another light. So you can have the automation sequence update a field inside of their their data. You can literally add something to their field after they reach the sequence. You can copy them to another group. You can move them to a group. You can remove them from groups. You can unsubscribe a person after they reach the end of the sequence. You can move them to another step in the sequence. Now this is kind of cool. Choose the action, select which action to apply when a subscriber reaches the next action step. So we can, we can set it to where it's going to bring them back to the original delay, or something like that. So once it goes there, it might loop them back over here. This will cause a loop, it can only repeat five times. So that's where, like, if you have a B split testing or things like that, you can set up even loops that'll loop them back up the sequence. So this is just actions that it's going to take with different users. I like move from group so I can select, okay, we're going to move them from this group to this group right here. So they're not going to be a part of this group anymore. Now they're going to be a part of the completed group, and that allows me to segment out instead of my emails that I'm sending based on if somebody took action or not inside of there conditions. So conditions is pretty interesting. You can define the condition, you can do any of the rules, or they have to match all of the rules, okay? So you can do multiple conditions. Looks like there's like, five conditions you can set, or they have to be all of the rules at once. So the conditions could be campaign activity that they maybe they received a certain email in a campaign and they did click a link. Or it could be based on workflow activity that they did or didn't. They received that email and they did or didn't click a link or opened an email in the sequence. And so the way that we would use this practically is that you could have a specific email go out to somebody, but only if they didn't open the previous email and and this is where we want to think about it. Big picture is when we're nurturing our emails, when we're sending emails out, is, is like we think about it in the perspective of, okay, this person took action here. Let's do the Let's send them this type of email. This person did this. Let's not send them this type of email. One of the things that I like to do when we do live events is that I'll set it up if somebody didn't click the link in the previous email, or they didn't open the previous email, then we send them a consistent amount of additional emails that are sent to them in a sequence, and so that's where the defined conditions. Conditional automation allows you to do that as well. You can have the condition be that there's certain form fields. You can have the condition be that they're a part of a specific group. You could have the condition be that they're part of a specific membership, and then yes or no if they're part of the membership. So we got the condition. And why would you set up multiple conditions? Because maybe you're like, doing a really advanced automation based on. Different conditions people have. If we just have, like one condition, maybe they, they did, they did not open a certain email, we're going to send them another email right here based on that condition. And if they, you know, if they did open the email, we could go right here, or we could add in an like another delay, one day delay right there. I could say where they they didn't do it. The action could be moved to another step, and I can have it go to this one day delay right there. So it's going to skip them past this email right here, and it's going to continue them down this step, so they don't have the condition you can move them down to a step. So that's a great way to really kind of set up different types of automation and things like that, conditionally based on this, based on which actions people take, or things like that. So when you're setting up these automations, this is how you would do this, and this is what decides, Okay, how many days after they subscribe, do they receive a certain email? Which emails do they get at which time? And this is why, if you're using something like deadline funnel, like we teach you in our evergreen course, you can include like deadline timers and things like that into your automation sequence, and really have a lot of control over when somebody receives a certain email or message and which messaging that they're going to be getting. So that's an overview of using automations, and that's, really is the beauty of using a software like Miller Lite, is that it gives you that much power over being able to send people over here, show them different pieces of content and nurturing that relationship. This is how we nurture the relationship and the trust with a prospect inside of our ecosystem, is by sending different automated emails to them that way. Okay, and so that's why you're you're going to want to learn to use this. You're going to want to use it in your business. Um, one last thing that you can do, again, we talked about that's like a sequence that you would send somebody. One other way that you can automate, like if you're doing a live event. When we've done live events, we don't need to always automate that way. We can just go create a regular campaign inside of our emails, and we just create a regular campaign, and then what we're able to do is we're able to

[364:31] Speaker 0: type in some dummy information. Let's say that you're you're creating a campaign, and you want an email to go out on a specific day or a specific time to all subscribers in that campaign. We would not set that up in an automation Okay, so that's something to keep in mind. You would just go here under Send Later, and it would be considered a scheduled campaign, because this is just the the same email is going to go at the same time to a specific group of people at a specific date and time, and so then that's not considered an automation. That's considered a scheduled email. So the difference is, it can only go out once, and after that, you're going to have to reschedule another email. Automations allow you to schedule the same email to go out to new people, depending on every single time somebody signs up, they get that same email sent to them. Doesn't matter what time of day it is, a scheduled email goes out once to everybody who's a part of that. So that's the difference of that when you're doing automations, all right. So hopefully this has been helpful for you for showing you how to do that. I'll see you in the next lesson. You.

