CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-12-16T21:28:51.000Z
Duration: 99 min
Otter ID: WwX07yi4OUvwoXO_4yaH0hfzXq4
---

[0:47] Speaker 0: All right, the hair under there, a little bit

[3:23] Speaker 0: y'all that are watching the recording, like, what is he doing?

[5:10] Speaker 1: Writing. Hope. Help our live stream here, screen, key server, URL,

[10:30] Speaker 0: hello, hello, good morning, good afternoon. I guess one o'clock, good afternoon. Hey, Jeremiah, I've been just kind of been really, like focused, doing a lot this morning. So I just felt like it just the morning just kind of continued. So I said, Good morning. And we used to do this at 11am so it's okay. It's actually good evening over here. Good evening to you.

[17:40] Speaker 1: All right, awesome. All

[18:57] Speaker 0: right, let's go live in the Facebook group I'm excited for today, live training. QandA, a, December 16, 2020, there's the Zoom link. Okay, go live in the group. Yep. There we go. Alrighty. So today, I want to talk about now we're going to take some Q and A, you know, at the at the end of this number one, I definitely have been feeling a little bit like convicted about my time, so I'm going to be working on kind of shoring up, keeping our time a little more stricter on these calls, which I think will be helpful for everybody, because it'll help us shore up our questions. So if you can, if you have questions or things you want me to review, make sure to have those ready. Go post them in the in the Q and A, or in the chat inside of this post here, and as well, in the Facebook group, we do have a post in there, you can find, usually there's one of them post your questions below. You know, even though that one was like from a couple weeks ago, we've been kind of reusing the same post. I just deleted a lot of the questions. Whoops, that's the wrong screen. We'll share this screen right here. I had two of the same screen open that one, yep. So there's, that's where you can also post questions as well. So what I want to talk about today has to do with, you know, I believe that there's a number of factors that when you go out there to build your business, to promote it, that we have to do to do to be able to make sure that we're bringing in clients consistently. And, you know, I was thinking like, I think that courage is a big part of it, but I don't think it's all of it. I think dealing with some of the complexity and simplifying our offers is the first step. So like, if there's any, like, one two things that I think for anybody to start to gain traction with your offers, if you've been promoting, if you've been building these offers, I also want to talk about some of the new formats of video ads that we've been seeing that are working really well. There's a slightly little bit of a different format, I think, of video ads, they're starting to transition into a different direction. So we'll talk about that at the end here as well. And then if we can, I actually love Sue's question that she put in the group. I'm going to address that a little bit, but I have a few questions for sue that we'll talk about at the end of this training here, so simplifying your offers, one of the biggest things is, is that what can stop us from actually getting ourselves out there being successful is we see all the work that We have to do. We see all of the hours of okay, fulfillment, product fulfillment. Here's what managing other people are going to be like, and we end up not quite sure if we can handle the capacity of all that if things started to grow for us, if they started to come together. And so the reason behind that is because we have made things way too complex, and that's the time when it's time to remove certain features, shore up certain things that we felt were. Necessary that maybe aren't as necessary. For instance, let me give you an example of this. So I have done, I think, in the last two years, well over like 25 to 30 webinars that I did live, and I did live Q and A on every single one of them. I created pre trainings for people. So they would sign up for the webinar, they would get these four brand new pre training so every time somebody would sign up, they would get, like, four brand new pieces of content that would be like a course, pretty much for them, that was tailor made around their questions. I would host an hour to hour hour and a half Q and A on top of every single one of these. I was doing them every week just a sec. Let me let my cat in, or she's going to go crazy. Martin.

[94:08] Speaker 0: She kind of like, she puts her paw under the door and starts pulling it, and then just like, starts banging the door, which then resonates outside in our area with the two sleeping babies, and so again, that's I should probably build her like a little cat door attached to that right there in the office to let her come in anyways. So I was doing these weekly webinars, and this was great when I didn't have kids, and I made it work with one child, but I realized, and this was as soon as I I knew, as soon as my wife got pregnant With our second son, that this was not sustainable, that showing up live every week, every Saturday, doing live Q and A and all of that, that's a great way to connect with people, but it's not overall sustainable. And I became fearful and worried that if I removed the pre training videos and the Q and A, and if I automated certain things that it would it wouldn't convert as well, that it wouldn't work as well to grow my business on those things. And so in my initial tests, I found that that's simply not the case, that that really what matters the most is our ability to speak well and persuade in our our communication. And so now what I've done is I've created a whole structure where, if I want to host a live event, I can pre record the session. I can pre record questions that might have come in from either a previous live event. I actually for the one that I'm doing on Wednesday this week, some of y'all might have seen ads for it. Um, and let me pause and back up here. So like, then, like I was inviting our client growth accelerator to join us on all of these, we had a lot of people that they weren't going to join the accelerator because they were getting these $7 Q and A's the value of people, of what people were getting was exponentially high, but it wasn't generating the kind of results and sales that I wanted to from that, because I was giving away. When I say giving away $7 is giving it away to me, $17 is giving it away. $100 is giving it away. So again, if we want to get analytical, yes, it's not technically giving it away, but it's not profitable for me. So if anything's under a sales and marketing thing that's not considered profitability wise, for the amount of hours that I put in, if I'm spending hours and hours and hours of Q and A, sure it'll convert, but I'm giving away a lot of what should be reserved for my paid coaching program. And so by giving away all of that, I then realized, okay, this is not sustainable with the two kids and some of you, some people that are are in here are you're building a lot of different things. You got a lot of different businesses that you're doing, or you have a job, you have other priorities and things like that, and so when you look at the landscape of your business, it's like, how can I sustain to actually fulfill on the promise of what I need to do to actually market and grow my business? And becomes a lot of work. So that's why I say, shrink it down. Condense it down. What are the bare minimums that we need to do to get things up and running. And one of the other things that I was experiencing was this sort of, like not doing enough guilt, or like this guilt of, okay, if I don't do enough work, then it's not going to produce that kind of result. And that's just not even necessarily rooted in anything that's healthy that comes from this mindset of like, I get paid for the amount of hours that I put in for people versus the value that actually gets transmitted to people. And so what I've done is I've completely shored up, backed up, looked at everything and said, Okay. How can I automate everything in my marketing? How can I keep things very streamlined in my delivery to my paid clients? And how can I then set myself up for success to add in another tier to my program that we have? And then, does this work with other businesses that we've done? So we did the same exact process with my mom's business, and we found that in her menopause promotion that this is working great to automate a lot of the process, to not have to show up live in person, giving physically of myself for hours and hours and hours out of not obligation, but actually fear and necessity, that that's what I need to do to be able to produce the kind of results that I want in my business. Then when it comes to my coaching program, taking a look at, okay, what are the things that I can take what am I spending the hours in my coaching program doing? And how can I streamline those as well? So I've reduced the amount of time of my marketing that I spent by 75% and I've reduced the amount of time in this program that I spend by 50% which then opens up the opportunity for me, because I look at everything like a time, like a resource that I have to budget. So I, if I, if I'm going to be adding maybe a VIP program, which I think is going to be incredible when we launch this, to provide you with much more hands on help with me that I've structured to where it's not going to take me a lot of extra time. It's going to get you the same level that I'm able to give my clients in my one on one coaching program for a fraction of the cost, and it's going to provide much more immersive Help with what you need, for those that need more hands on help. And so I've wanted to add that program. It's been in. It's been percolating in my mind for the last year and a half that that I that I would be adding a program to that, and then the accelerator program. It's not going to change what the accelerator program into is, which is awesome. So the accelerator program is still going to be exactly what it what it is for all of you right here that want to stay in this, but for anybody who's like, Okay, I'm getting results in my business, but I want to accelerate further to seven figures, that's what the higher end program is going to be okay. The accelerator program is for those that like, Okay, you got your sales copy written, but let's get our our first landing page up. Let's get our first advertising campaign launched. Okay? For the people that already got their landing pages up, they already got ads running, and they need to optimize those. That's what the next the VIP tier would be. It would be for people that they're already running offers and promoting them. So really, it's like if you're not promoting offers at all period, unless you want the accountability and the support of having more access to me, that VI pro P program would be amazing for that. But the this incubator is going to be like the best place for people as the first entry where they come in. Okay, so then what I look at is I can simplify my offers. I'm simplifying what I'm offering here inside of the accelerator program. I'm simplifying what I'm doing with people inside the accelerator program, I'm shoring that up so that I'm not having to manage all of this stuff and hold on to it, and also stay present with my family and to build my business and to actually support my clients to produce the results that they expect. So the number one thing that we need to do is we need to take a look at that complexity is one of the biggest things that can stop our momentum, and it's one of the biggest things that can actually squash our courage to actually launch something and put it out there. It turns into overthinking. It turns into rumination. It turns into, I'm constantly thinking of all the stuff that I need to get done, all of the things that I need to do, and then we're not actually taking the action that we need to that's going to produce the result. Writing your sales copy is one of the most important steps, and it's one of the biggest indicators of what's going to create results for you. But I'm going to tell you this, that if you have not put your sales copy on a landing page, and there's a reason why I talk about using Squarespace so often, it's because if you're using something else, like. Aweber go high level WordPress, systemi, io, uh, Clickfunnels and but you're not actively promoting offers out to people consistently. There's a reason why I still use Squarespace. There's a reason why we're building the telehealth company that we're creating with my mom in Squarespace, because there's way too much complexity, and a lot of the other platforms are take they're just way too difficult to go from idea to execution, whereas in Squarespace, you can easily go create a page. I had my team do this for me too. I literally, what I do now is I have pages that they just duplicate for me,

[252:40] Speaker 0: and then I go in and I fill in the copy, but it allows me simply, like, if I just want to go in and create a very simple landing page. I actually did this this week in our training for the course that we're doing. There's a course that's in the members area that we've been teaching on in the members area that I think is really, really valuable. And I put it in the Start Here section because it's really, it's short. It's focused on the two most important, I think, steps that anybody needs to get to in their business is writing their sales copy, creating their their sales letter. So like, we go into the structure of your sales letter lesson one, and this is kind of a replacement for the landing page blueprint course. It's an updated one. It combines, like four different courses in one landing page blueprint, sales copy, sales copy, with AI, all of that into one course where I go over, okay, the AI. And then this week I went over, how do you actually build a page in Squarespace, I built this on screen during the class in less than 20 minutes with the sales copy that we wrote in there, and I showed you how to kind of put like testimonies in, like all of that to create a landing page and an offer something that you could launch to people. Very simple, okay, and so there's a reason why I like Squarespace because it busts the excuses. There's a reason why I love and if you've ever learned anything about my personality as I like anything that just destroys my excuses, that makes them impossible, because I can come up with 1000 of them very easily. I have this workout system in my in my house. You guys have seen some videos where I have it. This is in our home gym at our house. It's amazing. Um, it's not cheap, but it is worth every penny, because it's actually a lot cheaper than they were a year ago. Man, they jumped up to like five grand, and now they're back to three grand. That's a great price. And price on that. That's awesome. Anyways, I got mine for five now they're down to three so but what this is, is this bust the excuses. I have no excuse every single day, even with two kids to not lift weights for at least 30 minutes, I can find 30 minutes a day to and I get a good workout in, and I'm feeling great, and I'm and I'm seeing the results from it. It busts my excuses. I don't have to get in a car and go to a gym, and I don't have to drive 30 minutes. I don't have to deal with people's moods, by the way, as somebody who is very empathic, where I pick up on other people's energy very quickly. Gosh, the negativity that I'd like had to battle when I would leave the gym with that, I don't feel any of that when I work out at home with this. It's like the most positive experience ever. I'll either turn on a podcast or a TV show. It helps me get caught up on shows and things like that. My TV watching time is when I'm washing dishes at night and usually when I'm working out. That's about it. That's the only times when I'm really watching TV, or if I'm writing emails. Sometimes, if I'm really stuck writing an email, I'll turn a show on next to me. And literally, for some reason, it makes it 10 times easier to write emails, because I figure out what busts those excuses. I figure out what destroys any possible reason that I would say I can't do that today. Because I find that I easily come up with reasons why I say I can't do that today in my business, and we all do, that's why I went and hired team members to be able to help me put together my landing pages. But the easiest and simplest thing to do is, when you get your sales copy written, put it into Squarespace or put it into something that you know, that you can get it up quickly, and that's what allows you to simplify the process. So we simplify what we have to get done. We're simplifying what our priorities are, and we're simplifying what our delivery is to our clients. I think that now more than ever, because with ai, ai is a is. A double edged sword. It can be, I can tell you this, AI can be a the biggest blessing to you artificial intelligence. It can also be the biggest thing that can stop you from being successful, because we can get caught up in the overthinking, the over analysis paralysis of I just gotta make this a little bit better. I just gotta adjust this just a little bit more to make it worthy to launch out there. It's not ready yet. I'm not quite ready yet to put this in front of people. I'm not quite ready yet to launch this out there. Okay? Or then you got too many offers. You got multiple projects and offers. This is the next stage right here. How do we know what to prioritize? How do we know what to keep track of? How do we know Okay, where do we drive people, what? How do we keep the confusion at bay? How do we manage them? What are the rules of doing that? And so with that, we I look at, okay, the value ladder is always my thought process when it comes to and we want to return back to the value ladder anytime that we're stuck on, where should we manage our offers? Value ladder is as a rising price scale, so at the bottom is always free right here. Okay, and I will tell you this, I put less of my time, effort and energy into what's free than anything else, but I create and produce more by volume of the free stuff. So I actually put less time and energy and effort, but I produce more output in my free stuff, because I know that this is the very first line of entry that people are reaching. This is the this is the port of entry into the Jeremiah Krakowski world, and that's what I look at inside of our our businesses is in marketing, we create anything that's free is like, it's like a shipping port. It's a port of entry. It's a, it's a, it's a way that, that's why we call it a funnel. Okay? Again, if you've ever looked at how many of you are like familiar with like the shipping industry and ports and things like that, okay, products, any product that is sold comes in through a port. If somebody wants to immigrate, let's say they want to cross over the border, or they want to immigrate. I mean, unless they come in through Mexico, where there's not a wall, but technically, in the United States, they should come in through some kind of integration immigration. There's a port of entry that people enter through, into an environment, into a world, into a land, into a country. Okay, in our businesses, our free content serves double full it's advertising. It's like, Hey, look over here. We have these amazing wares and awesome stuff like this. I remember in it's actually a great example of this. How many y'all like the movie? The greatest showman? It's actually one of my favorite movies when it comes to, like, sales and marketing and because in some ways, when we do webinars, there is some showmanship to it and that. But I love how he went from, like, having a dream and an idea in the movie, and it's not even accurate historically at all, but it's an amazing movie. So, like, don't look at it for history, but, but look at it for, like, the awesome story that the greatest showman movie actually is, it's, it's, it's one of the best by itself overall. It's loosely based on the early life of PT Burnham and so in that, like in the city, in the movie when he first created that there's this city right here, and they're going around, and he's advertising, and there's all this advertising and marketing, and then they come in and there's the experience, there's the entertainment. So what it is is our free content is both the experience. It's content that people can watch. It's something that you want to really get as automated as possible in your business, to where you don't even have to think about it, to where it becomes on autopilot for you. Or I want to put most of my focus in my business is I want to go, we have an entry level product right here, the accelerator program, $2,000 a year, and then have, like a high end VIP program right there. And put most of my energy and focus on serving clients at this level right. Here. So this becomes the ladder that we want to look at. And you might throw in there, maybe a little bit into the value ladder, for instance, like this is what I'm planning on doing next month. You'll see me do it. We got our free offers right here. Then we have, like, a $7 entry level offer. So it's not free. This. This is just about psychology with other people. This is just about the psychology with the people that we're connecting with being dialed in, right? If something is $7

[410:16] Speaker 0: automatically, about 60% of who would sign up for free disappears. Because as soon as you require people to pay you anything, seven bucks, 27 bucks, $97 a lot of the potential people that would sign up to your offer and waste your time for a free offer disappear. And so now we're talking to far more qualified people right here. Then we can ascend these people up the value ladder. Say it is something that's, you know, $2,000 Well, which, in the case of our accelerator program, we can throw in like a 14 day trial with bonuses. So we have the most incredible free gift ever. Type of a thing we're we're giving free gifts at this level. People can pay monthly, instead of all at once. So really, we're going from $7 to 197 and then for like, a high ticket program like this, let's say it's like nine or 10,000 you know. Again, payment plan wise, that might be somewhere like 900 to $1,000 a month. And so this is the value ladder. Whenever we're managing our offers, I put them into these different categories of what that is. And for each level, is the qualification that somebody is at. I'll tell you this, the likelihood of somebody succeeding with just watching free content is extremely low no matter how good the content is, because their own commitment level refuses to make an investment, and it has nothing to do with their socioeconomic standpoint. Either, the chances of somebody just taking your free content and suddenly becoming a success are so minimal, which is why we put a lot of our best material in here, because the chances of somebody just off and running with free content using it is very low. So we use this to build trust with people, to move them up the ladder. So if we're taking multiple offers, I'm only going to be promoting one offer at a time. So like, right now I'm promoting this offer right here. This is a lead magnet offer. And again, don't confuse offer for like a free offer with a paid coaching program offer, you have a paid offer and you have a free offer. This is a free webinar right here, 90 minutes that people can sign up for that I'm hosting on Wednesday. We're doing another one. You see this pulls up once that's done, I'm going to be launching this for like two weeks. Find your ultimate coaching niche holiday bundle. It's got me with a Santa Claus hat right there. This has all my Black Friday copy on it, still, by the way, this is my process for making landing pages. Look at this. This is my entire Black Friday offer, but I change the graphic, and I'm going to go in and I'm just going to modify the text here later this week, before Christmas with that, but keep the same pictures in place. That saves me a lot of time and having to over over, create a new offer that way. Then what we're doing is we're going in and we're creating a January offer right here as well. This one doesn't even have anything different. It's just, we just duplicated the one that I did right here. And then we're going to start to create the graphics and the copy and put that in there, right there. But at least we created the landing page itself for january 15 through 17th right there. There's not a VIP that we're going to be doing, though, on that, I'm eliminating the idea of doing a VIP because I've done so many of them. VIP is great on live webinars, but it's very time consuming, and also, again, connects you with a lot of people that don't need that really don't deserve to have. That much time with you, and don't go into the whole like, everybody deserves value. Like, don't go into that. What I'm talking about is like they have not paid the value overall to get that access. So for me, what I'm doing is is it's going to be a pre recorded Q and A each day where I'm going to take questions from my last like five challenges that I did, and I'm going to answer a curated list of those, while people can still submit questions to me that I'll save in an archive if I want to answer them later. So that allows me to still have access to that in there, in zoom, it allows you to do that as well. So what I'm doing is is though, even though I have multiple offers. I'm only promoting one at a time, and I might promote it for maybe two weeks or three weeks or a month or a month and a half. I also look at the different lengths of my offers. So for instance, I have a VSL offer that is 19 minutes long. This one I can promote all the time, anytime, because it's just, it's that 19 minutes is just me selling people on the the coaching program. It's not a lead magnet. Technically, it's designed like a lead magnet, but it's not really a lead magnet on a specific topic. It's this one right here. How to onboard 20 new clients per month. Make $100,000 a month with one offer no sales calls, cold DM or cold DMS. Use this to make 10 to 25,000 a month, and then it sends them to that VSL right there. So I can still promote that on the back end of this that I might use for my YouTube channel, or if people come in through the the holiday bundle, I might send them to this right here. Okay, but I'm only promoting one offer at a time, so low cost or free offers are for the intention of marketing and selling people on your higher level offerings that you have the only way that you're going to be making a profit in your business is with higher level offerings that are at least $50 a month, $500 per offer that you're doing for your paid offer minimum. And I'd recommend bumping that up again to $1,000 $2,000 if you want to charge monthly, that'd be 97 or $200 a month for that select group of people, and you want to push in a couple of 100 people into an offer like that initially, if you have 100 people at $100 a month, that's $10,000 per month, monthly in a membership that are coming in off of that, and then you're able to streamline what you're actually offering to people. You can do one call a week. You can do it every other week. You know, in my VIP program, I'm only going to be doing calls every other week, so we don't need to do it every week. We'll still be doing every week in the accelerator program. And so with that, then what you're able to do is you're able to design your life, your time and keep things in order for you to manage your energy, your productivity and your mental clarity, if you're spending so much of your time trying to juggle all these different offers. Everybody's opinions. Are they pleased with this? I'll tell you, that's one of the biggest things that sucked the energy out of me was the worry and fear of if I was pleasing other people. You want to know the biggest reason why I took and I just I look back, I'm like, Why do I do this? Constantly? I take months to make a decision that I finally once I'm ready to make the decision. I make it very quickly. And I've taught this myself, and yet I'm a hypocrite on it in this one thing, the number one success strategy in business is quick decision making. And yet I myself, sometimes take three to six months to decide to do something that I probably should have decided three months ago or six months ago, instead of taking so long to do it so again. But I know what I need to do, and I know that the faster I can make decisions, the faster that I can decide to do something instead of sitting on my hands, the more it unlocks time. It unlocks mental clarity. It unlocks productivity for me, because it allows me to get out of the weeds of trying to figure out all the stuff that I have to get done. It allows me to get out of the weeds of trying to figure out all the things that need to be done, because now I've already pushed things through that are already done. The I want you in your business to think about all of the stuff that you're like, Okay, I gotta get all this done, and then I'll finally arrive at that place. I want you to eliminate a few things from that list temporarily, and then figure out, what can we get done as fast as possible in the next 30 days? You. And watch how much clarity, focus, ideas start flowing, how much your energy levels literally will go up in your business, how much more productive it will be, how much more thriving and enjoyable your business will be, the efforts that you're doing in your business by doing that, by eliminating a lot of the stuff that you have on your to do list that you've been putting off,

[568:08] Speaker 0: and then saying, okay, what can I what do I need to just get done right now that I can get done in the next couple of weeks? And there's something painful around eliminating some of the things from our to do list or that we felt like we had to do when it came to me launching my offers and eliminating VIP, and eliminating pre trainings and doing pre recorded content for all of it, and then shoring up different things that we're doing in the accelerator program to be able to Launch a VIP program that was painful for me, because I felt obligated to do a bunch of stuff that, quite frankly, number one, nobody's paying me for, and nobody's appreciating overall. So we want to focus in on, what are the key factors that are getting the most results for people, what are the key touch points and entry points, ports of entry that are working the most number one in my business is going to be lead magnets, getting people to sign up to lead magnets, to join my email list, sending them offers that then have presentations attached to them. Okay, one presentation didn't sell. To people got I have a choice. Number one, I'm going to tell you. Tell you, complaining, whining, bitching and moaning. Yes, I said that about my offer, not producing sales is not an option to me. Make another offer. That's the option. Make a new lead magnet, push that old lead magnet aside, stop promoting it, put it on the back burner, modify and adjust it, come back to it in a couple of months, promote a new lead magnet. We talked about this, figuring out what your next lead magnet offer is, okay, and then you can start promoting those things out to people through social media. And social media is the best place to bring people in overall. It's going to be the number one place that you're going to find people either that or you can promote, let's say like, if you get on podcasts or you speak on stages with other people, you get referrals from other people. So that's great if you have a network that's willing to do that, but I'll tell you this, like, if that existing network isn't there, I wouldn't spend a lot of time trying to grow that network. I would spend very little time trying to grow that and a lot of time trying to grow your email list, because growing your email list is going to increase the possibility of that network even more, and you don't want to have to rely on referrals for your business at all, because that's not a business. Referrals dry up and they're not the quality that you can get by actually building a brand and an audience around what you do and what you help people with the quality of who I've gotten through referrals has been, always been the lowest quality of people. They were never people that really took a lot of action. They never really went out there and did the stuff that they needed to do. But the people who came in through my social media, who came in because they were directly related to the results that were produced, and they were related to what the outcome is and what they wanted, they were willing to take action. Okay? And so that's another thing, too. One of the reasons why we can end up getting burnt out is we're trying to work way too hard at getting people to take action. And it might just be that the people that we're reaching literally, there's nothing that's going to push them forward. I have had to come to come to grips with the fact that there are people that will never succeed in their business, no matter how good my coaching is. They will never do anything because they have something inside of them that actually thrives on inaction, that actually thrives on not doing anything, because it allows them to justify, make excuses and play a victim, and there's some payoff that they're getting on the back end of doing that. And if you don't realize that people do that, every human being does that in different ways, it's not offensive at all to say that, because that's how human beings are, and we need to be honest about how people are, and then focus in on, okay, who are the ones that are going to take action? And that's who we want to focus our energy on. I found that I can get bogged down mentally by trying to fix people that are not going to take action, that are not going to do anything with what I teach, trying to convince people that what I teach is. To work for them, trying to convince people that it's going to produce results. I don't need to convince anybody of that, because if inside of them, they have something that will not allow them to even try it out. That's like, at the end of the day, that's not my responsibility, because I can, I can. I can put way too much energy trying to be codependent, to force a square peg in a round hole. That's really what it is. And it's just not going to happen. And I'm going to get scraped up trying to do it, and I'm going to miss out and lose out on trying to do it, and so focusing in on, okay, who are the people that we can really, really help, who are the people that really resonate with what we're doing? They are teachable. They are coachable. They don't have an argument for everything and a reason why it's not going to work for them, and an excuse as to why they just simply can't, or they aren't ready yet for why they're not going to do it. Luckily, that's nobody that's here in this group right here, that's a lot of people that you're going to get in your free content, that's a lot of people that you're going to get in your lead magnets. And so if we put so much energy and effort into trying to do that with people, it's going to bog us down with our energy, our productivity. And now, no wonder we lose the courage to be able to go out there, especially maybe if we become self accountable as to how we are ourselves. And now this one's going to be a little bit of a bit of a tough one. I'm going to point the mirror at myself here, because I have had to look at, is there any area in my life that I'm struggling to get a result with my clients, and am I actually doing the same thing that I'm complaining about with them? When I say clients, it's not necessarily paid clients. I also include people on my lead magnets with that. Am I judging other people when I need to actually put the mirror on myself and realize my own behavior is attracting people that are like me, and it's the reason why I'm lacking courage and feeling afraid and worrisome about putting my offer out there, because I don't want to attract more people like me that are going to treat me the way that I treat other people. Because that's one of the things that I had to come to grips with and realize, is that, gosh, everything that we put out there, and I'll tell you, coaching, will shine a spotlight on this more than anything else that you'll do, marketing, your business, will shine a spotlight on anything you spotlight. Anything you do, anything I've ever complained about that I'm like, gosh, these leads are doing this. These clients are doing this. These people are doing this. I, in some part of my life, am 10 times worse than the thing I'm complaining about. And as soon as I realized that and came to grips with my own behavior, instead of judging someone else, instead of realizing, Wait a sec, I do the same thing. It's funny how quickly those people start to disappear and we stop attracting the biggest blocks and the biggest roadblocks in our life. This is something that's huge for you, and this might be an unlock for some of you. I think right here is, is that if you find that you're struggling to promote in your business, it might be because, again, you're promoting the people that are like you, and people that are like you are not going to buy into the thing that you're promoting because they're just as skeptical, because they're just as non committed, because they're just as apprehensive against doing the work and things like that, or buying or making an investment into something, because they're just as apprehensive at making the tough decisions. You know, I used to, I used to, I used to laugh at this, and again, I find this in my life. I will laugh at something that a mentor will tell me, and then two years later, I'm like, wow, that was so true. I used to get so offended when a mentor would say, gosh, if you're not willing to invest two grand a month into your business, how do you expect other people to be willing to invest that into theirs? And I was like, that's silly. And then I realized, actually, there's a lot of truth to that. What is the amount that I'm willing to invest in my business? You know, I meet people they're not willing to invest $15 into an account with Zoom. They're not willing to invest $100 into a software to grow their business, and yet they wonder why people aren't willing to then invest $20 into their offer, $100 into their offer, because the energy that we're putting out there gets mirrored right back to us and the people that we attract. And it is absolutely true. It's absolutely the case, because. It starts permeating the language of how we talk. It starts coming across in how we communicate and how we lead. We start leading from a scarcity mindset instead of an abundance mindset. And so listen, there's a ton of abundance that's out there for each and every one of you, there's a ton of opportunity that's out there, and right now there's more opportunity than there's ever been.

[728:31] Speaker 0: But you might need to get a little scrappy with it. Get a little bit scrappy with your promotion. Get rid of the perfectionism. Tell overwhelm. You know what I'm done with you. I'm going to focus on two, two of these things this next two weeks in my business, we're going to get those things done and start to promote to people. Get your landing page created, start growing that email list, and start getting people in front of you that you can present to and promote. Present to and promote to you guys are going to start to see I'm excited for this, because I I've already I've already seen it in my like spirit, in my thought life, in my visionary part of me, that there was a version of how I was able to promote my business. I mentioned this before my kids were born, and that was pure sweat equity grind. A lot of work put into it, and then I cut those hours down, but I realized, okay, this isn't optimized. So now what I've done is I've optimized my time, my business, my offers. And the number one thing that I have to do there is reduce the complexity, as little complexity as possible, as simple as possible. And you guys are going to see the offers that we're putting out there every every couple of weeks, way, way less effort and energy on my part put into it, but we're going to be reaching a lot more people and and I'm excited for what that's going to produce for us. Now, one of the last things I want to show you just is about Instagram ads. So there's really two sides of of Instagram ads. And I taught this in the Instagram ads class. What I'll tell you is the Instagram ads class, I haven't added anything to it, because exactly what I taught in there is exactly what's working right now for Instagram ads. So go through that if you really want to learn what type of Instagram ads to create. But I'm going to just show you on a on a couple of different pages right here. We did this again with with Sandy. Let me share my screen right here. Okay, this ad works amazing. A video of you with text over it that has a call to action, and it's basically telling people what they're going to get out of it and what action you want them to do. Comment, health to receive free access to this three part series. I have a free gift for you. Three part video series, How to get the help you need. Headline, what's included in this you're going to I'm going to show you why not all are created, like why you need this comment health to receive free access. Now, once they comment health, they get a message that sends them over here with many chat and again, I included a many chat tutorial in the Instagram ads, course that's in the members area for you. In the members area right here. Instagram ads Made Easy, five lessons right there for you. Okay, so then that directs people to this landing page right here. This landing page is a lot more of the details, but that style for an ad works really well. Here's another one right here. Let me get this straight. Let me see. Tell that to my brain, heart, bones, muscles, colon, skin and hair, okay, I need them now more okay, feeling like poop, menopause, affecting everything. Comment, webinar, and I'll send you access. Don't take advice to people who don't specialize in this. You can feel fantastic at any age. Okay, running that as an ad, so those types of ads are working really, really well. I created one. I didn't, I didn't promote it because I, I got caught up on some stuff. But I created, kind of my own version, two versions of that. I did one right here, as a headline, right there, an ad video, right there. Here's one right here. POV, you're waking up 25k months. Say goodbye to burnout. Comment, Evergreen. To get that I got one lead right there because I hadn't promoted it with an ad, but I'm going to start promoting this today as an ad. I just created this four days ago. I should have gotten the ad up, but this is the style I'm talking about. Has a video behind it, and then you put text out of the video and the text I'm actually using Instagram's built in text editor to be able to do that, because you can highlight and color different text to do that type of a thing. Okay, now the other like, Yes, I'm doing videos that have where I'm talking on them and things like that. Like, here's one of the ads that I'm running that's also doing really well. Having some kind of a headline in the video with captions also still works really good as well to generate leads. So I'm running a combination of this style, with the headline over it and with the text over the video. And I'm going to show you. Let me see a page that I follow that does this really well, like for Instagram that I kind of got the style from it's over here with Jessica, and she has the same kind of style right

[819:42] Speaker 2: here. Jeremiah, can you screen share again? I think it stopped.

[820:43] Speaker 0: Oh, I still have the screen share. Are you on a mobile device? No,

[821:44] Speaker 2: I'm on my computer. Oh, okay,

[822:53] Speaker 0: there we go. So here's Jessica's right here. She got the text over that, and this is with Instagram. So this is for her Instagram ads playbook. It's funny, I downloaded this. I went through it. It's it's way more basic than what I teach people even on Instagram ads. So I'm like, okay, that's awesome. Um, this is a great offer right here. One of my next evergreen offers could be a very simple, like, an Instagram ads type training too, but yeah, I went through, I checked hers out, and I was like, awesome. This is, like, probably not even as good as what I'm going to be showing people how to do. And so we've been doing most of our Instagram ads with my mom's stuff, like that same style with the text over it. We can do the same thing with images as well. This is look at this. This is one photo that then has text on each photo. This has no call to action on it I see. So that's more just to get engagement, to retarget people. This one has a call to action to leave comment. IG ads right there. But yeah, that style with the text over it works really, really well. That's why I was showing I don't know if you guys, did you see it where I showed it with on my mom's page and on mine? Michelle,

[843:37] Speaker 2: the style with the text, no, I saw that beginning, and then it clicked out from there.

[844:52] Speaker 0: Okay, so then what I have is I have one right here, text over the video, short six, seven minute video, and then there's some copy right here. Then I had aI generate most of this copy for me as well. Here's another style too that that works good is you can put text on like a note in your notes, notes, document, again, real simple copy. It's like a micro sales letter. Headline, what's included? Call to Action, micro sales letter on your ad. That's kind of what we're doing with this. It's like micro sales letters that then lead to a bigger sales letter, because that goes over to our offer right here on the same topic, and so yeah, that that works really well. Headline, what's included, call to action. I'm still doing the same style where I record a video of me talking, and I do find that that works really well, like for retargeting, but I find that we can get more volume with and cheaper leads with these uh, videos with the text over them for Instagram ads. So try that out. I think you might be surprised. As far as the cost difference on that for you. Alright, Adele, what's going on?

[866:26] Adele Best: Okay, that's really cool. So what do you what are you driving them to your landing page with, what a micro offer or a free training, and how much ad spend Are you spending? And how much ad spend a day do you recommend we start with as a beginner?

[870:37] Speaker 0: Okay, that was a lot of different questions. What's What are you trying to figure out? Okay, how

[872:25] Adele Best: much should I spend on Instagram ads a day to start with?

[873:43] Speaker 0: Well, it just depends on what your budget is for your campaign. Okay, so again, when it comes to how much spend I like, like for a campaign, you know, between 300 to 500 as a minimum, I'm spending about 1500

[878:11] Adele Best: Okay, and are you dragging them to a free offer or a micro offer? Yeah. What's a micro offer? Like under $100

[881:37] Speaker 0: depends on what I'm promoting at the time. So again, we go back to the value ladder. I'm going to pull in a lot of leads through a free offer, okay? And then I'll retarget all those people with a low cost paid offer. Okay, so that's how I'm doing that. Um, but I am finding I was talking to Joshua Giles. He was saying that they're, they've been doing some micro offers for a paid challenge for 97 bucks. Him and I were talking like two hours this week on this and they're getting leads for less than the ticket cost. So that's really, really cool as well. If you can get your lead cost down on that, that's great.

[892:16] Adele Best: Yeah. And so then that so that micro offer, then will pay for your ads.

[893:51] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, okay.

[894:14] Adele Best: And then once they buy your free offer and you retarget them with a micro offer, do they does it? Does that offer then automatically upsell them to your accelerator offer. Well, when

[896:55] Speaker 0: we say automatically off upsell, what does that mean to you?

[898:14] Adele Best: Well, like on the checkout page or something, or No? No,

[898:54] Speaker 0: I never would do that on a checkout page. Okay,

[899:43] Adele Best: so how are you leading them to your accelerator

[900:29] Speaker 0: inside of the actual training itself? And follow up emails.

[901:35] Adele Best: Okay, okay, so you give them, like, at the end of the training, or halfway through an opportunity, the whole

[903:03] Speaker 0: training, I'm talking about it, okay, I mentioned it at the beginning. It's one of the first things I'll mention.

[904:32] Adele Best: And if they want to join, how do they join?

[905:22] Speaker 0: Link that they have to go to on my website? Okay? And

[906:26] Adele Best: that's converting for you, yeah, and it's, and it's replaced your live launches. Yeah, great. That's

[908:40] Speaker 0: the process that's working really, really, but it's the same process I was doing with the live launches. There's nothing, yeah,

[910:30] Adele Best: yeah, but it's a lot more, it's a lot more freedom, yeah, and do things for people that have other commitments like me, a job, yeah, a child, and that's exactly the kind of model I definitely don't want

[913:20] Speaker 0: to like just upsell them after they sign up for a free thing and do a program like that, yeah? Because there's no trust built between those two steps, yeah, okay. Buying from you isn't doesn't build trust them. Consuming the content with you does

[917:39] Adele Best: so the micro offer, the master class, the the free offer, whatever is the trust building bit, and

[919:03] Speaker 0: then, yeah, but I'll mention what I have for sale right away, as soon as they do enter into those, yes,

[920:33] Adele Best: okay, and then you're using your email marketing to really re target them.

[921:36] Speaker 0: Well, we just keep, we keep looping people to move them up the value ladder. So you're kind of like you're reminding them of their goals, what they want to accomplish, and and you're shining a spotlight on the fact that hey over here with us is going to produce the results you're looking for.

[927:59] Adele Best: Awesome. Okay, thank you. And so

[928:24] Speaker 0: you, you shine a spotlight on that, yeah, with all of your offers, do that, whether it be a VSL, whether it be a lead, a land, a live webinar, whether it be a pre recorded thing. Okay, now this one right here, this is, this is completely pre recorded. I already, I already did record it, and actually found something really, really cool that I was able to do look at this. So in like, I was able to launch it as a premiere in YouTube. Oh, that.

[937:46] Adele Best: That was going to be my next question. My next question was, how does your YouTube flow into that funnel from Instagram ads. So this

[939:53] Speaker 0: is just for this one right here. So I have in zoom. I already recorded it. I recorded it in zoom the other day.

[942:09] Adele Best: Okay, so it's right here, and then you put it into YouTube.

[943:10] Speaker 0: Well, look at this. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you this for the one that I'm doing right here. Cuz there's the difference. There's these are to the two different types of offers we're talking about. This one doesn't have a date and time on it, yeah, December 18 or anything. It just says limited time to virtual training.

[948:54] Adele Best: Yeah, that's like your deadline funnel for your evergreen and so that

[949:44] Speaker 0: get grows the email list, sends them an email to watch a 40 minute video, which then converts to sales. So amazing for me.

[952:30] Adele Best: So you're kind of running a YouTube funnel and an Instagram funnel, and there's several, let me not

[953:50] Speaker 0: quite let me show you what we're doing. Okay, okay, I'm still getting almost all of my leads are coming through through, uh, through Facebook and Instagram ads. Okay, I'm nurturing them through YouTube. Okay, so, but on this look at so, this was what I recorded the other day. Okay, Mm, hmm. So this is already recorded.

[961:51] Speaker 2: Hello, everybody,

[962:29] Speaker 0: welcome. Welcome today, listen. This is me. I'm going through the training. I'm sharing about the accelerator. I even include like, Q and A at the end of it, where I'm answering I actually created, I used AI to look at all my past webinars I did, and I pulled the I pulled like 30 questions, and I just picked a couple

[969:04] Adele Best: of them. That's really clever. Yeah, so

[969:52] Speaker 0: now I'm answering Q A, and people can still submit Q A live to me during this session, so I can see the questions. Now I can log in and see all their questions after the fact and save those. Okay, so we have that. Then I'm able to go under webinars here. And it's going to do simu live. So on December 18, at 1pm It's going to in a Zoom meeting. It's going to go live with that recorded one right here in zoom,

[977:52] Adele Best: okay, right? I didn't know it could do that, right? It's a brand new feature

[978:29] Speaker 0: they added in like, June, okay, so again, that's like, that's, that's a, that's a very new feature that works really well. And then from there as well, I also put it on YouTube. It's going to do a premiere with a five minute countdown at 1255, and a premiere plays back live the same video.

[983:24] Adele Best: Okay, so you haven't exported it out of zoom and put it into you're just kind of like live streaming it from zoom into YouTube at a premiere

[985:41] Speaker 0: that this is exported from zoom, and it's a video that I uploaded as a premiere, okay? And I'm able to send this so if people want to watch it in zoom or on YouTube, they can watch the same thing, right? Okay, I can also do an unlisted premiere for a paid event, so I can have an overflow room in YouTube, right? The idea is, so in zoom, like to do that, I think the cost goes up above 100 people, but you can have an overflow room and zoom if we do it like with this premier method right here. So then from there, this is selling people on the accelerator program as well. Okay, then my YouTube is anybody who is on my email list but is not in here, in the accelerator Mm, hmm, they're going to get sent emails with these YouTube videos.

[998:12] Adele Best: Yeah, yeah. So it's kind of like your podcast, your nurture kind of mechanism

[999:23] Speaker 0: would be sent to them, and they're going to consume those. And each one now is leading people to jump in the accelerator program, to jump on the different offers that I have.

[1002:16] Adele Best: Yeah? So all roads are leading to your accelerator.

[1003:00] Speaker 0: Yeah, all roads are leading the accelerator, and they're leading to come in through some entry port of the value ladder.

[1005:27] Adele Best: Okay, awesome. Yeah. So this one

[1006:07] Speaker 0: is, like, it's like a live one that's actually happening on December 18, because I found, like, some people need that. Some people like it when it's pre recorded. So I did both. I wanted to try both ways, but the amount of effort and work I had to put into doing this was the same as my other one. So that works really well. And I'm going to do the same thing for a three day challenge in January. I'm going to do, I'm going to pre record all three sessions and have it broadcast the same way. So yeah,

[1012:37] Adele Best: it's the same one to work to get it recorded, but then you can repeat. You can use that again and again and again and again throughout next year, but I have to do it again.

[1015:02] Speaker 0: Not a lot of work to record it once you get in the flow of doing those recordings, okay? Cuz you kind of just the I would tell you, I'll tell you, the hardest work was actually finding two hours to set aside that I didn't have to, like, help my wife and sons with something that was the hardest thing for me to sit down and press record for an hour and a half, not hard at all. And the more we do it, the easier that gets. Yeah,

[1021:52] Adele Best: as well. Awesome. Thank you. Alright,

[1023:37] Speaker 0: let's see your multiple offers. Don't release them all at once. Yeah, your energy has increased again. You feel more energized and confident. What software are we using when they text the word yes, we're using many chat Yep, that's it. By the way I looked up, you can even do, and I want to test this out, you can do a like, many chat, auto response, DM, type campaign through email too. It's a little more complicated, but you can put like reply with the word info to this email, and then in Zapier, you set up Zapier to like look for an email that either has that word in it or it's a reply to that email. It's just any reply with the email subject line that you're looking for. And Zapier can then trigger a autoresponder sequence for you when they reply with a word to your email. So that's another thing that I think I'm going to I'm going to try, like, start playing around with because. Is, if you can get people replying to your emails, your open rates start to go up more. If they start replying to your email autoresponders and they start giving you that feedback in the email itself. So that's something that, as well I'm like, I'm looking into, and I'm going to start testing out as well, is to see a campaign, if I have somebody that replies to a marketing email that I send out, and then I send them the link after they reply through an automated type of a thing in Zapier, okay, there is a training already in on many chat and on simu live in the members area. In the Instagram ads course, there's one on many chat and there's one on simu live in the Zoom course that I did.

[1052:45] Speaker 0: So I did it. I did a zoom course. It's under the learning library right here. And I think I also I showed it in the Evergreen secrets one as well. Yeah, so let's see. There's a zoom one,

[1059:19] Speaker 0: setting up and automating webinars. This one shows you how to do the simu live feature, how to play that back right there. It's as simple as simple as you're just recording a Zoom meeting. And then you literally just set it in there, and you select it that's there's not any more work involved doing that. So in zoom, you record it, and then I select it as the recorded webinar, like, if we're going to, if we're going to talk about that, schedule a webinar. Okay, we select simu live. You select a recording of what it's going to be, and then you select what the date is, and now that's the Zoom link that you're going to send people. Is that one? That's how you do that the many chat training is in the Instagram ads right here, automating lead gen with Instagram comments. Many chat, however, has a lot of great templates, and they walk you through it. As soon as you log in many chat, they actually walk you through the whole process of building all of that out inside of many chat. So they're they do a really good job of doing that as well getting into the flow of recording, setting aside the time. Yep, we gotta schedule it in to be able to record it definitely. Hey, Sue what's up?

[1081:03] Sue McGarvie: Hey, Jeremiah, um, I'm still uh, the um, yeah, it's, it's, there's a lot of moving parts. I just feel like I've got a handle on something, and then it seems to get away. And you know, it helped that you mentioned that you change your landing page every three to four weeks.

[1086:12] Speaker 0: Well, I might promote a different landing page.

[1086:46] Sue McGarvie: Okay, promote a different landing page. Okay. Well, I might

[1087:45] Speaker 0: reuse an existing one. Adjust it just a little bit.

[1088:58] Sue McGarvie: Do you have the same one and the same URL and the same like I I just feel like I'm constantly buying URLs, because otherwise I get a crappy login

[1092:28] Speaker 0: for you for I don't buy the URL, I just use my domain name, and then I have, like, the link at the end of it. So Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward.com, forward slash, launch. Forward slash, start something like that. Okay, cuz that's built in Squarespace. Part of

[1096:23] Sue McGarvie: it is, is that I have external promotions so that it's not just in ads like I have. I have a radio show I'm on in a bunch of markets on radio, and I'm on a bunch of markets with the podcast is bringing in about 25,000 people a month who are listening. So I want to be able to say, you know, let's go to Italy com. And yes, if

[1102:48] Speaker 0: you're doing that, yeah, one way that I saw somebody do it was, like, they would say, like, Sue's link.com, Sue's offer.com, Sue's class.com,

[1107:03] Speaker 4: and then it would just be whatever, whatever is the

[1107:36] Speaker 0: whatever you're promoting at the time would be at that link in Canada,

[1108:29] Speaker 4: the the topic du jour, what, what you're talking about of the day, right?

[1109:41] Speaker 0: Yeah. So it would be, like, kind of a, like, you would have like, like, two or three links that you would just kind of rotate and change out what's on the phone page of those, if you're going to be, like, saying them on the radio or things like that, yeah, yeah.

[1113:15] Sue McGarvie: Because it's just, it just feels like they're stacking up and it, I feel overwhelmed with all the language, like,

[1114:32] Speaker 0: reuse older one because, like, the chances of very few people, if they, let's say they go to, they want to go to one of your older ones, but you're going to kind of update it to something else. You're not really like losing people for them to go to a different one that you're promoting. Now. Where are. These people are going to come from that are going to like that you have, why do you have to get a new URL every time? Well,

[1121:35] Sue McGarvie: if I'm, I don't know if I'm promoting it. You're right. I, you know, maybe Sue's offer com is, is where I need to go. But I'm, I'm, I'm talking about different things. You know, I had one that was, find love in 2024 that's ending. I'm going to, I don't know if I do want to find love in 2025 and just sell that as the one I have, one called, let me be your wing woman.com. Yeah, these are better than my name, which people have a hard time spelling. And, you know, with the link, it's, I'm trying,

[1130:07] Speaker 0: you're verbally saying it spelling. It can be, yeah, it's,

[1131:02] Sue McGarvie: I'm, you know that I make my living with my voice. So I always have, right, I've been in radio for almost 25 years, so Wow, yeah, yeah, I had

[1133:19] Speaker 0: an amazing, well, no, no, check this out. I said, Wow. Okay,

[1134:21] Speaker 4: I'm just like, wow. Okay, I like, that's not that interesting. But, yeah, find

[1135:28] Speaker 0: love this year.com.

[1136:06] Speaker 1: Is available, Okay, that's better,

[1137:40] Speaker 4: right? That's not, then you can reuse

[1138:00] Speaker 0: that one each year. Okay, that's amazing that nobody has it. So like a that's a really good like name, find love this year.com.

[1141:58] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, take action, right? Yeah, okay, I'll have a look for it again, and then it's, it's just changing it out and saying

[1144:27] Speaker 0: I love now is $9,000 yeah? But this year, that's pretty good. That's actually really good. I'm surprised that that's available, that nobody's snatched that one up. Nobody in here snatched it up from Sue. That's hers. Yeah,

[1150:03] Sue McGarvie: cool, cool. All right, so I'm just going to fiddle with this, because it's just, I'm just, you know, I find the landing page. Thing is the confusing one. And I'm, I'm, you know, I tackles one thing every week, and this week has been, I haven't even the reason

[1153:50] Speaker 0: you have somebody else make the landing pages for you in spur space. I haven't. I

[1154:58] Sue McGarvie: have been. I have other people doing other things, but I find copy, and you kind of

[1156:40] Speaker 0: write the copy, and then you send it to them in a Google

[1157:37] Sue McGarvie: Doc, you know what, maybe, and maybe just, just, you know, the edit. And I do have somebody that I could do that, but I really found that those things I wanted to focus on was creating, creating content and writing copy. Those were my pieces. Everything else I could delegate, yeah, and be sure. And this week, I have been really working on the email. You know, I don't know where I heard it, but somebody said, you know, if you have an email list, I have an email list of 10,000 people. It should be $1 a person a month, when I'm not even close to that, yep, so. And then you said, twice a day. And I went, Hey, that's, that's too much. I just got rid of a bunch of people writing.

[1168:10] Speaker 0: You can bring in, let's see here. You can bring in like 20 to $40 a person per month on your email list when you're promoting consistently, yeah, at least $1 a person per month on your email list, okay? And what I'll look at, though, is take a look at how many of those are opening your emails. Okay, do you know what that number is?

[1177:24] Speaker 4: Usually, it's about 40%

[1177:56] Speaker 0: okay, that's good. Great. Yeah, awesome. So that's about fourth, yeah, so you should definitely be

[1179:41] Sue McGarvie: so I'm consistently trying to do four times a week. So now I'm writing stuff, looking at copy, and then, you know, it's, it's actually quick, quite simple to schedule it, but that's the thing is, is I'm going to schedule the next two weeks of emails, and then, well, it's not

[1183:51] Speaker 0: necessarily that you're going to be making like, $1 a month, like, of new sales from each person, like that. It's that like, that size email list is going to turn into, like, members in a membership program or something for you, that's something

[1187:20] Sue McGarvie: like that you're doing. So those are the two things I'm focused on right now. And it will see, I don't know, I, you know, I look at many chat I haven't even looked at Instagram right now, and which is why I haven't, couldn't find what you're doing, because I haven't looked at your Instagram training, because I wasn't ready to do Instagram, yeah, but I will be shortly, so thank you for that. Yeah,

[1192:56] Speaker 0: the many chat thing is really cool, but it's just a style. I even run it just my normal ads on Instagram too, with that style, with the text over a video without me talking. Okay, it's just the text over the video that has like, headline one sentence. Headline one sentence of like, why you should do this. One sentence, call to

[1198:32] Speaker 4: action. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna a couple of them. It could work

[1199:35] Speaker 0: really well right now. Now I'm noticing a lot of other people are also running ads like that. It's just, it's because it's, it's, it's what people are paying attention to on ads. Currently, it's like, there's the motion of it being a video of something in the background and then the text in the foreground, and it, it's work. It works really well for lead magnets and stuff. It brings the lead cost down quite a bit. Okay, so, like, maybe try out some of your ads that we're bringing in leads whenever the lead cost was too high, and try out that style of AD and see if it brings the cost down a little

[1210:39] Speaker 4: bit. Okay, interesting idea. Yep,

[1211:21] Speaker 0: that's about, that's what I would do if I was like in your ads manager right now. Well,

[1212:26] Sue McGarvie: I just bought the I bought, just bought the domain name. So we'll see. Alright, what happens? I will put up a page, and I will put the link in the in the Facebook group, and you can tell me what you think, because I'm honest. So Alright, Thanks, Jeremiah, taking action, right?

[1217:19] Speaker 0: Yeah, it's great. You bought find love this year.com

[1219:13] Speaker 0: you said you got five find love this year.com.

[1219:40] Sue McGarvie: Yep, I just bought it cool while we were talking. So it'll be, it'll be up. Let's, Let me commit to being up by Wednesday, and I'll put to put it the link in. And I think we should do more challenges like that. I find that that helps me. I don't know if it helps anybody else, but when it's you know when, when I'm coming on Monday, I'm like, here's what I promised to do last week. I better do it between now and just because I try and do what I say I'm going to do.

[1226:32] Speaker 0: Well, I think if anybody, like, can set that for themselves, that'd be great. I think everybody is kind of, they're out of, like a different stage, like Adele. What's something that you can do next week?

[1229:30] Adele Best: Um, have my landing page copy done. I'm redoing it. Okay? I've got a graphic designer booked for the sixth of January. She's going to do my graphics for it.

[1232:12] Speaker 0: I really want to see you with a landing page on a like website, not a Google Doc,

[1233:55] Adele Best: yeah, yeah. Well, it'll be, it'll be done week commencing the sixth of January. Totally finished because the graphics, I've booked a VIP day with the designers who's doing all the graphics for the land, for the sales page. So I have to bring, I have to come to her with the copy done and with a blank sales page with a copy, and she's putting it all together with graphics for me. So it's all going to be done on the sixth of January. It has to be done because I've booked the day with her. So I booked it to force myself to have a deadline to have it done by Okay, so what I'm doing over Christmas is I'm building the course out in Kajabi. I'm recording all the modules and having I want the course done before the sixth of January, so that then when the landing page is done, the course is done, I'm ready to launch. Yeah. So that's my plan. Awesome. Yeah. So I'm sorry I missed the I'm sorry I missed the copy call last week, or whatever it was, but I'll commit to having my copy done for that sales page by next Monday so you can review. I'll put it in the

[1251:22] Speaker 0: Yeah. I heard on the Mondays that we're going to be doing copy. Now we're not going to be doing the Thursday, yeah.

[1252:56] Adele Best: So what I'll do is I'll put my revised copy in a Google Doc, in a Google doc in the group between now and then. So if you've got time to look at it, if not, you can review it next Monday. Yeah,

[1255:52] Speaker 0: let's do that. And okay, I'll check it out. Cool. I love it when people can, I can see the copy for these offers. So, yeah,

[1258:17] Adele Best: because, yeah, it's happening. It's happening. Yep, I'm taking action, right?

[1260:01] Speaker 0: Let's see anyone else have any other questions here today? Not a lot of comments while I was teaching. I hope it was I find, usually the stuff that really resonates, I don't get a lot of comments from what I'm teaching. So that's usually good. I used to get stuck. I used to get stuck in my head that it meant, like it wasn't good, that I was teaching, usually people will comment more when it's not as good. So

[1266:04] Michelle Plucinsky: that's exactly what I was going to say. I didn't comment because I was, like, writing stuff, looking at the pictures, and again, I like it when you go slower. If I could say go slower, because I screenshot what you're talking about and then circle it so I can go back later.

[1269:43] Speaker 0: Yeah, but thank you. That was great. Thank you. Beth. All right, any other questions here today before we wrap up our live training day that we got our Q A next week? You

[1275:31] Adele Best: Hey, Jeremiah, I just wanted to ask, what's the live event you're doing? Is it this week or next week? On Wednesday? Okay, should, would we get any value go into it, or is it just all the stuff you've been teaching us anyway,

[1279:03] Speaker 0: if you want to watch again, the format of how I do a webinar, I. Yeah, probably the most value you get from it, all right? But yeah, it's, it's a, it's, it's very entry level to a that we teach in here. Um, okay, I might not bother gonna get a little refresher, maybe. But okay,

[1284:30] Adele Best: no, I'm not going to waste time watching something that I've already, we've already gone in the members

[1285:34] Speaker 0: area, but yeah, it's, uh, again, I would say the value you would get from it is like, watching webinars like that, that I'm doing. It'll be in the in the archive. Yeah, real value is like picking up on the cadence of how I host webinars like that, and, yeah, and the cadence of how I transition from like, the opening segment to the teaching to the sales pitch and the Q and A, okay,

[1292:20] Adele Best: so, so the copy course that you're doing, should I watch that before I copy that's

[1294:00] Speaker 0: that's one of the best ones I've been doing. Yes,

[1294:55] Adele Best: and I'm going to start watching that tomorrow. Then,

[1295:27] Speaker 0: okay, great. Yeah, it's really good.

[1296:24] Adele Best: How many lessons have you done? Just two so far. Two. There's a third one

[1297:18] Speaker 0: that'll be going up on

[1298:27] Adele Best: Wednesday, alright, so I'll maybe wait to Wednesday and watch them all back to back and then do my new copy off the back of that. Yeah, yeah. My landing page, by

[1300:47] Speaker 0: the way, Sue I have, I have a fun little AI tech thing. I want to show you here after I take Robin's question, if you're still here, like crazy, stuff has happened in the AI world. Okay, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to show you right now. Look at this. I can now turn my camera on with chat GPT. Chat GPT. What's behind me.

[1307:15] Speaker 1: I see a whiteboard behind you with some writing on it. There's also a shelf with books and a periodic table poster on the wall. It looks like a neat setup.

[1309:59] Speaker 0: And so what do you see right now? Who is this that the camera has pointed to?

[1311:28] Speaker 1: I seen a screen showing a video call with some participants. I can't tell exactly who they are, but there's someone on the screen with a red top. Anything you'd like to focus on.

[1314:38] Speaker 0: Cool. Let's flip the camera around so the lady with the red top, she's going to talk to you. Can you say hi to the AI?

[1316:06] Speaker 4: Hi. It's Sue McGarvey. Hello.

[1317:12] Speaker 1: I hope you're having a great day. How can I help?

[1318:36] Speaker 0: So, yeah, so the AI you could now, can give it eyeballs and show it stuff, and it'll, yeah, it's crazy. It is that's so cool. And Google has one too. You can share your screen with it. I love the the game of of risk, full disclosure, actually paid for, like, the upgraded version on my phone, because I love it so much. Um, the board game, yeah, the board game risk. I love it. You play online, but I I was able to share it with the AI and ask it to, like, what move should I do next? And it literally, like, not that I would play it that way, but it was just really interesting to see it do that. So that's

[1330:07] Sue McGarvie: cool. I have, I have a friend who uses it. She calls it chatty, and she used she talks to it all day long, and it's basically diagnosing her mental health or state at any given moment. You know. Yeah, I use it

[1333:37] Speaker 0: for that too. Yeah. So, all right, Robin, what's up, Robin? I had to show you all that right there.

[1335:48] Speaker 2: So I have some startup questions, and I do have some action to check in. I'm really excited to share. Play nice. And how do I take this down? There we go and lower. So over Black Friday, I was able to get some great deals on platform stuff. So I chose mighty networks for my membership, and I got a year's worth of service for a really good deal. I got a really good deal on email. And so I felt so happy about that, because I felt like by having a whole year paid up, it made me feel more committed. It also made me feel less stressed about hoping I can make money on like, day 31 not that I don't want to make money, but to do it without feeling the pressure of knowing that, like, I have a year paid up. So that was really good, yeah. And I realized that while I've been kind of moving around my checklist that I haven't done my LLC yet, okay, that done so I can get my business account so I can tie it to a stripe, awesome. And I'm just kind of way through on that if there may be something in the vault that I haven't seen yet, or there may be like a book with a checklist that I can follow, because so far, I've been just kind of working through the state of Texas websites and just kind of feeling my way through but if there's a way to streamline the zoom,

[1359:09] Speaker 0: okay, just use legal room to create the. LLC, okay, I know you can also do that, yeah, on the state of Texas website, it's not that hard to do. I avoid kind of teaching that because I'm not certified in any of those legal things. Not actually something, alright, that's fine to teach on to people. But Legal Zoom is a bit more of a like it'll it'll do it all for you type of a thing, but Texas as well. Now here's a little thing. I'll say you could ask chat GPT to walk you through the process. I did that myself,

[1369:39] Speaker 2: or, okay, well, it's good we're doing

[1370:24] Speaker 0: a lot of that because so, like, when I when I created, I had to domesticate my LLC from Arizona to Texas, okay? And that was like, super I couldn't find any information on that. And, like, nobody wanted to help me do it, but I used AI to write up all the paperwork and fill in the documents, and they did it and it went through. So okay, because what will happen is that, I'll tell you what will happen if you send them the wrong info, they're just going to send it back to you with what it needs to say. That's all they're going to do, all right? And so the state will just kind of send it back to you. They're not going to like, like, get upset with you. So if you do it yourself, yeah, okay, yeah, the AI right now, a lot of the different AIs are pretty up on, like, how to do that LLC stuff for sure.

[1384:42] Speaker 2: Okay, well, I got emails set up. I'm working with the email service. Really happy about that. And I really like how mighty networks has an Android app and a iPhone app, so my people can kind of check in from wherever. So building out, you

[1389:26] Speaker 0: heard quite a few people have been mentioning mighty networks recently, saying they much preferred it over something like even school, because they took a lot of the features from like the school community, and then they made it much more easier to use and stuff like that. So I know a lot of people really love that experience of mighty networks, for sure. So that's a great they were actually one of the oldest tools that did this. They were one of the first ones that were out there that did that type of a thing, and it wasn't that great, cool. And what they've done, that I've noticed, is they've taken a lot of the competitors that have popped up, and now they've just sort of added all the best features from their competitors, and they've made themselves, still probably one of the best ones that's out there for that type of a thing.

[1403:03] Speaker 2: That's what I heard, too. And I got to participate as a user in a group that happened to be platform there, and after having that experience of about a month of of the user experience as part of a different group on a different topic, that was that really kind of moved the needle for me. Yeah, so thanks for the info, and that's good to know that if, if anything comes back that needs to be changed, I'll just consider the application submittal a red line, and then they'll redline it for me and tell me what I need to change if something needs

[1411:11] Speaker 0: to change. Yeah, yeah. A lot of that's pretty easy to do. I will say in Texas that's a little, they're a little pricier here to create an LLC than other states. So I think it's like six or $700

[1416:23] Speaker 2: yeah, it was, it was significantly higher than I thought it was going to be. Yeah,

[1417:26] Speaker 0: most states are only like, I think like 100 bucks. But part of that is, you know, you don't have to pay any personal income tax to Texas till you make over a certain amount of profit. So

[1422:00] Speaker 2: Well, that's good, probably being on email and a website hosting too. So I was just truly thankful to I'm being really careful with my money, but I felt like I went the dollars went a long, long way, all of these great Black Friday deals. So now I'm like, I have the rest of this month to work on content and populate that out so things are moving. Thank you.

[1428:53] Speaker 0: Yeah. Great job. Alright. Alright. Sue, I wanted to show you this right here. So Gemini, they just remember, like we talked about perplexity. Mm hmm, well, Gemini just created, like a version that's, I think I canceled my perplexity account because Gemini advanced with deep research. Mm Hmm, what's anything that you like want to learn about that you would have to research across like, 20 different websites. What's like, right? So, and weirdly enough, I've been testing it out by, like, learning stuff about playing a video game that I've been playing. Mm hmm, like in this video game, you have to choose, like, different, uh. Uh, God's uh shrined a series Jupiter or Bacchus in this game in Rome. So, like, it gave me a whole report on like, which like, the benefits of each one, but it researched all these different websites in this video game. Like, anything that you can think of,

[1444:52] Sue McGarvie: I'm wanting them. I'm wanting them to go further from a website and look at the actual studies. Do you know what I mean? Like, your mom might find that interesting. If we can figure out where they where you do that,

[1447:37] Speaker 0: how you use it, this should look that up to look

[1448:23] Sue McGarvie: at the studies. Because, you know, if they search the web, that's one thing, because you get a lot of conflicting information. But if you look at the actual studies, that's just really valuable to me, that's the psychology of it. And your mom's doing menopause, and she would, you know, she needs the studies, rather than you know another. You know another, somebody who you know has put their shingle out that doesn't have the you know, at least, even the you know, the personal information. I would say it's it's like taking diet advice from supermodels. What?

[1455:41] Speaker 0: What studies are you looking for?

[1456:21] Sue McGarvie: Well, for me, it's the, you know, I want what's neat, because there's a lot of Pat stuff about dating, right? We did a coffee shop, and do you know what I mean in the art of flirting, blah, blah, I like the science of it, like there's called The Science of people, and it really focuses on, you know, here are the studies, here's what's going on. But as opposed to somebody's article going, you know, here's how you flirt, and it's pretty basic, versus something that, you know, I can use in a presentation. So I'm looking for more of that. So I'll look at Gemini.

[1464:23] Speaker 0: This should actually give that. Let's try this out. Okay, I

[1468:04] Speaker 0: so what this should do, and it's pretty quick. As far as how to do this, it'll it creates a prompt based on this right here to find scientific studies on human attraction, flirting behavior, articles and books summarizing nonverbal communication research and the role of social context, books and articles on the psychology of attraction, and for each study, Article include a follow, a citation of some kind. So then start research, and then what it'll do is it's using the power that Google has of already having the web. They have the whole internet indexed already. So it's basically it, it does a Google search for you, right to try to find as many of these as possible. And then you could click through like one or the other of these. I to

[1482:46] Speaker 2: find

[1483:55] Speaker 0: different things, right?

[1484:26] Sue McGarvie: It's the you know what? The science of it.

[1485:38] Speaker 0: And then it's able to create, it creates a report by combining these 37 pages into a final report for you of what it finds, and then you can further clarify and ask questions with that. What I want is, I wanted to then pull this into like notebook LM, all of these sites, and then you can do that. Another thing they added to notebook LM is the ability to see if I have it still. I don't have it in mind, but they have notebook LM,

[1497:47] Speaker 0: where you can actually join the podcast with the notebook LM podcasters, and you can talk and communicate with them. So like the audio overviews, it allows you to then join in and start asking questions of the AI based on the source material. So that's also really cool.

[1502:45] Speaker 4: It is very cool. Just makes my head explode.

[1504:45] Speaker 0: We uh, yeah, Gemini is a deep research feature. Is pretty cool

[1505:34] Sue McGarvie: for how well, that's, that's, I, you know, I've got the subscription, so I'm going to have a look and look

[1506:41] Speaker 0: up a number of different sources and things like that. Yeah? Again, like you said, yeah, a lot of these do look like articles as a couple of different studies. But,

[1508:54] Sue McGarvie: yeah, I just put posted my some of the the headlines. I'm trying to get them to use the Dan Kennedy, you know, give me the best headlines you can for the, you know, find love this year.

[1513:20] Speaker 0: Yeah, where did you Where'd you get this posted it in the chat, yeah, where'd you get this from? I

[1515:22] Speaker 4: just, I just, you would call it like the the PO load, okay, yeah, I like that. That as an email.

[1519:32] Speaker 0: Oh, this is really cool.

[1520:49] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, yeah. I think I really want to work on crazy hooks again. Yeah, this is great, yeah. And I sense I don't, I don't have a and I think

[1523:10] Speaker 0: definitely your industry kind of needs that a little bit, yeah, to get people's attention a little because, like, the average person that you're trying to reach, they're not looking for necessarily the deep study information. They're just looking for like, what grabs their attention, and then you can disseminate it to them in the way that they that got their attention, and then you start giving them the facts and all that, yeah, once they're in your system. But what what actually pulls them in is can be very different as well than even, like, maybe what you're interested in yourself? Yeah,

[1532:11] Sue McGarvie: I'm working on the courses, and I just finished that cell like crazy book. What's his name? That Australian, yeah. And he, yeah, he's, he's all over my Facebook ads. And he talked, he's got great ads, great funnel. He's got a great funnel. His, I got his book, Sabri Sue B, yeah, yeah. So I, I've read the book, which has a lot of stuff about about headlines, and, you know, just that, that crazy copy. And he's, he makes really good point about making sure your copy your headlines are, you know, where you spend your energy on, just Yeah. And

[1542:46] Speaker 0: I think, and I think, I think, like, now, compared to maybe where you were, like, a year ago, you're starting to understand, like, that side of it along,

[1544:30] Sue McGarvie: yeah, you know, the years made a big difference.

[1545:42] Speaker 0: So now it's like, let's get more people in front of that. And then that's, that's the key. A lot of the different like ways that we do that has shifted a little bit, but sales copy is still kind of always going to be the core foundation that everything starts on. Yeah. Well,

[1551:19] Sue McGarvie: I will, I will. My Courses are, are, like three of them are done. I've got a couple more to get up before the new year, when the new site launches. But so it's all coming together. Let I think so hopefully we'll have lots more to show you in the upcoming weeks. Awesome. Yeah, thanks. Jeremiah, alright,

[1556:09] Speaker 0: yep. Alright. Everybody. Does anyone else have any other questions before we head out here today?

[1559:42] Speaker 1: All right.

[1560:13] Speaker 0: All right, y'all, I want to log off here. We will see you for Q and A this next week. Again, if anyone wants to just see how the experience is for that live event that I'm doing. You know, feel free to opt into it. And you can kind of go through that, but like, that's why I'm not necessarily, like, trying to a lot, a lot of those. Those are just, those are, again, the entry point that people come in. You guys are kind of already on the in the ecosystem. So it's like, those are an entry place where people come in and they start to engage with us, is what those free offers and stuff like that. So, yeah, the URL, it's Jeremiah krakowski.com, forward slash, launch right there. And that's, that's where you'll find it. So I don't even have it on my homepage of my site. I think I'll go add that here to just a sec. Yeah, I'll go add that over there, and you can go to my homepage and you'll find it in like five minutes. Alright, y'all, I will see you next week. Have a good one. Bye.

