CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-12-30T21:34:30.000Z
Duration: 70 min
Otter ID: 1lbi9WWE7jPO8Eo4I4apaCIi9Sw
---

[0:24] Speaker 0: All right, hello, hello, hello. Let's go into live streaming. Stream it into the Facebook group and

[6:25] Speaker 1: go right here.

[8:22] Speaker 1: Go Live. Invite.

[11:38] Speaker 0: Alrighty y'all, hello, hello, hi, welcome on over today. How are you?

[13:56] Speaker 1: Hello,

[14:49] Speaker 0: here, hello, great. There's that we're going to go live in the Facebook group. What's up? Jeff, my brother, hey, Jeremiah, how you doing? How you doing? Pretty good. It's been a while. Alright, check em back in. Yeah, yeah. Well, today is great. I'm excited you're here. I feel like your spidey senses were tingling, and you know what I was going to talk about today. So that's great. Alright? It always seems like you show up whenever it's great, like, a great thing that I'm like, oh, Jeff would love this. I think about that all the time. Yeah. All right, let's go live in the Facebook group. So today is a is our live training day. And again, we've, we've adjusted a few things. In the Facebook group, there's a there's a post that you can find that's usually pinned or towards the top of like questions you can ask and things like that. So you can always go post a question throughout the week, and then we'll record your question here throughout the week as well. You can always answer ask questions in the Facebook group. We just finished an amazing course in the members area. It's under the Start Here section. Basically, it kind of combines like two or two or three of my copywriting courses, my landing page blueprint course. And it's under the Start Here section, called sales letter and landing page copywriting made easy with AI. So it's about the structure of a sales letter, structure of a landing page. This is like the kind of, my end all be all best sales copywriting. Course, we just finished that one up. So that's right here under the Start Here section. Because really, you know, kind of, once you map everything out, having the sales copy ready to go, that's kind of like the next best step to do overall. Adele has her hand raised. What's up? Adele not even starting, and she got her hand raised.

[45:13] Speaker 1: Hi, Jeremiah, sorry, I'm thriving. But I yeah, I just went, for example today, it's really good, but it says 405. Is there going to be a final? It's uh, pardon. So I just went through that chorus.

[50:19] Speaker 0: Can you hear me? Yeah, Lesson five is live. It just went up like this morning, alright, okay, okay, okay. I didn't say that. Yeah, definitely, alright. And then what we're going to do is I'm going to because I haven't taught it in a while, and I'm going to do like, an updated version of, like, how do you host a webinar, a challenge, Evergreen webinar. It's going to kind of be like the blueprint of, what do you say. We created a great AI prompt that I added to my chat GPT prompt document that you can kind of filter your landing page through. Adele helped us, kind of, like her idea with that, and then the AI actually generated the prompt for us. I kind of did that a couple weeks back, so it's really cool. I'm going to create a course that's kind of built around that. That's gonna be our next one that's coming up is that it's just like an updated best practices for doing webinars and live events and trainings and things like that, for promoting your business. Overall, we had an amazing webinar last week. It went really, really well. It was the easiest one I've ever done, because it was fully automated. Everything was automated on it, including the Q and A. I actually took questions that I already kind of pre selected and I answered the questions on the pre recorded Q and A, and so that was great to be able to do that. The goal for me is this in my business. And I was telling my wife this, I had a version of building my business before the little kids before the toddlers before the the newborn. We got two. We got the two boys now. And that version of Jeremiah Krakowski, that version of my business, required a lot of work on my part now, I have just strategically for the life. I want to live we plan on homeschooling our kids. So I'm like, listen, it's not like they're just going to get older and then go to school in two years, like for the next 18 plus years, a lot of my day is going to be spent family number one, and then building business comes in around that, and working around that. And by the way, that was something that I had learned, that I always grabbed onto that Ed mylett had said. He said, I want to, I want to design my life. And this can help all of you design my life the way that I want my life to live. And then I build everything else around that as sort of the supporting factors of those things. And so our business becomes the supporting factor of the life that we want to live and so with that, that's why everything that I'm doing is automated. We're not doing a lot of stuff that's like live and taking up a lot of time of mine. The only things that I'm doing live are here with you guys that are here in this coaching group right here as well. Going into 2025, I'm excited because we're going to be, I think we're going to be rebranding, not rebranding. It's the exact same program, but the client growth accelerator program is going to be renamed to the wealthy coach Academy. And so the reason why I want to do that, I've been tossing that, that idea, around for about a year and a half, is, I think that that's just the natural best progression of what this program has become, it's about becoming a wealthy coach. It's about becoming profitable in your business. And because we have so much training in here, it really is an academy that you can jump into. And then that'll set the stage for my upcoming VIP program that we'll be launching. We've been putting around the putting all the pieces together behind the scenes for that. We're going to be excited to announce that to everybody. And that's really what the idea is going to be, is that this becomes a great place to learn, a great place to make your first couple of $1,000 a month in your business, maybe your first six figures, and then progressing from there in our VIP program to make multiple six and seven figures. And that's what I think really is, that's the dream and the vision that I always had for this program and for that program. But I think the name wealthy coach Academy fits for where we're headed with that. Again, all the features of the client, growth accelerator is going to stay the same the days of the calls, and all of that is just going to be the name is different. And when I'm promoting it out to people, I think it's going to resonate better. That's actually the reason why I'm changing like the name is not even necessarily for you guys. It's for when we're marketing it. I think wealthy coach Academy makes a lot more sense for what I'm drawing people into, for what we're pulling people into, and what we're marketing. And it just, it's, it's making it clearer. It's making it clear about who it's for and describing it to people in our sales copy. Now today, what I want to talk about, and that's why I'm excited for today's training, is if you can get to the stage where you have your sales copy written, that's like 80% of the battle, because the rest of it is just putting yourself out there. Now that's the mental battle, of course, that's the technical battle. But what I want to do is I want to go over in detail a lot of like, what comes next once you have your sales copy written. You know, in our courses that are in the members area, like I said, we just launched this brand new course, sales, letter and landing page copywriting made easy with AI. How we're using AI to do that, the best ways to do that, the best practices, I think it's one of the best, easiest to follow courses on that. So make sure to check that out in the members area once you have that. Sales copy, sales letter, landing page, copy, written, created out there with people, okay, and maybe it's not out there, but it's in a Google Doc. That's where we start out with it. We gotta make it tangible and and that's what we're going to be focusing on here today, is the tangibility of that. Okay? So we have, like, our sales copy, we have our ideas, we have our high level vision, right? But all of this really is in the land of what's called potential. Okay, potential is incredible. I like, for instance, I have the potential to have a six pack. I don't have a six pack right now. I did at one point in the past. I have the potential to have a six pack. But I'm not quite there. I have the ideas of how to get there. I know what I'm going to do, to be honest, I'll say probably, maybe not, in the next, you know, couple of years, but it's something that I like. I'm like, You know what? It'd be nice to get back to that place where I know how I want to do that, the the eating and all of that, when, right now I'm like, with the sleepless nights with newborns, we plan on having another baby as well. It's like, it's just not practical a lot of the things that you do overall for some of that. So that's again, could be one of my excuses. Some of y'all might be fitness coaches and you understand that, but I have the land of potential right here, and I'm. Giving you an example of that, because that's where a lot of you guys are. You're in the land of potential. You know what you want to do. You might have the sales copy written down. You might have the ideas of how we want to do our business. But what makes it real is when we move our vision, our sales copy, our ideas, into the land of reality, into reality. And you know, I just, I love I have this by my desk here, because it just encourages me every single day. Shonda Whitworth, she's here right now. She wrote this book unlock the writer within it encourages me to have something tangible in 3d space that one of my coaching clients, one of my VIP one on one clients, created something that she's used as as as the the foundation of the message that she delivers, unlock the writer within conquer, overwhelm and write your book. Anybody who wants to write a book, this is the blueprint, and to be honest, it's one of the best, simplest, easiest to read books on that topic that's out there. Would highly recommend, if you want to write a book and you're just stuck on that process, go hit up Shonda. She she can got you covered right there. But with that, before this book is written, it's the land of potential. It's an idea and and by the way, with Shonda having this book written, that still was a land of potential, because until she markets it to people, until she puts it out there, live in front of people, it's still potential. And that's one of the things to really think about, is that, like it sounds like a lot of work, like it was a lot of work to get a book written like this. I would say, Shonda might say, because she's it was maybe less work than than because she's been doing it for a while. And say, for most people, that might be new, but it was still a lot of work to get something created like this. But here's the thing, this book merely sitting on a desk, it does nothing, has no power, has no ability to create clients you know, creating your online course, writing your sales copy, writing down your ideas and your vision. Those are great and those are in important steps, but they're not going to do anything until we actually push it out there to people. So we have to do to get it in the land of reality. Number one, we have to create a

[202:58] Speaker 0: landing page. We have to create some kind of a page on the internet that people can access it to sign up with and and I will say, for your lead magnet offers and things like that, you do want to maybe build it on something like Squarespace or or you can use go high level or systemia io. We have trainings in the members area all about using go high level System IO, Squarespace. Squarespace is still my number one favorite for doing that. We're even using Squarespace to build out the men's and women's telehealth hormones company that we're doing with with my mom's business. Because Squarespace is such a great foundation for online marketing and for landing pages and things like that. But until something becomes tangible, it's not really in the land of reality. I had a great meeting with my mom last week. Some of you might not know this, her and I have worked together for years, and we you know, we come we've left, we've come together. I got fired from working with her. We started working back together again. So again. We took a pause. I stopped working with her again. We came back together again, stuff like that, multiple times. I got fired from my first job with her when I was like, 14 years old, because I was lazy and not doing my job. And she taught me a very powerful lesson that, listen, if you if you want to keep a job, you gotta actually show up and and step up. And that's a lesson that I've carried with me today throughout my life. But we talked about this last week. We had the idea for the telehealth company. We've been talking about this idea. We've been talking to doctors, we've been talking to product providers, how to create product and things like that, but we had an incredible meeting two weeks ago where I logged us in, her and I together onto Squarespace, and I said, let's just go pick the template for the website. Let's just go pick this together. Let's go look at what they have. And as soon as we decided on something. This is the, like, the rough template that we're going to be using imma show you this. This is like, Now none of the copy on here is, this is literally just a template copy, but this is, like, the foundational template website, and then we'll fill in with our information through Squarespace. And I realized, like, it became tan. In the land of reality as soon as we signed up for that Squarespace trial to be able to create this. Now what I'm doing is I'm going through and her and I were going back and forth creating what's the copy that's on the pages, and then we're going to actually put those on the pages. We created a social media profile, we created a presence, and it was like breaking ground. If you've ever seen like when people build stadiums or or physical brick and mortar businesses, have you ever seen that photo with them with like a shovel in the ground? And it's like we broke ground today to build and construct the business. That's what I want to happen with every single person that's here. And I believe creating your landing page is that breaking ground for you, but we can get so caught up in the minutia of, well, what if it doesn't work? I need it to be perfect. I don't know how to do it. I'm overwhelmed by all the technical aspects of it. Should it be a paid or a free offer? Is the copyright? Sometimes you might have the sales copy written, and you start spinning the ideas around and around and around and around and around, trying to perfect them, when none of those things, all they are is delaying the inevitable, and they really serve to cause disappointment, frustration, self doubt, insecurity, things like that and and I'll tell you this for me, I've dealt with this myself a lot, where I have an idea for What I want to do in my business, but I talk myself out of taking action. My wife and I, we have this agreement that if I say that we're going to do something, we set a day for when it's going to get done. We set a day for when it's going to accomplish now I'll tell you this, I miss those days about 80% of the time, and it's because we're very optimistic on those days. But I only give myself one time to miss a deadline before I say, Okay, well, we're going to move the deadline, but I only give myself one time to move any deadline that I create and adjust it. And what I'll do is I'll look at okay, be self accountable. Why did I miss this deadline? What was going on? What were the reasons why? And also give yourself grace. Be kind to yourself. Self Compassion is important in this process, because I'll tell you, I I can beat myself up worse than anybody else could, but that's not going to do anything positively for me. As soon as I can say, You know what, I accept what's happened. I accept what my behavior is. It's one of the things I have to do. I miss the deadline? Have to accept that and then say, Okay, this is, I'm committed to this. We're going to make this happen. You know, we had this stuff, and I we had this going on in our household a little bit, even where, like, we would miss things that we said we were going to do, even in our house, like well, I'll give you a great example. I'll give you one that I have missed and one that I did get done. Number one, um, there are pool floaties in my backyard that I was supposed to put up at the end of summer, but for whatever reason, I didn't put them up, and I have it still on my list to do, and I'm determined this week, by the end of this week, it's going to happen. This is the first week that I've said, Okay, it's going to happen. They're going to get put up, and I might just end up throwing them away and buying new ones. We'll see. I got to take a look at what, what shape they're in. Okay, that was a scenario of just completely missing the mark on stuff like that. Now that's that's not like life or death, but how you do one thing is how you do everything. And I, and I really believe that that's true, is that if I'm skipping out on doing certain things like that. Now, granted, we were getting ready to have a new baby, I got 1001 good excuses why I didn't put the pool floaties up, okay, but at the end of the day, something has to happen, or I'm not being responsible with what's going on in our life. Now I have another example here. Okay, we have a cat. My wife is very allergic to cats. The cat lives upstairs. My son loves playing upstairs in our house with the cat, and so now you can see the natural progression. My son starts hugging the cat.

[319:53] Speaker 0: It's all. Over his clothes. He plays up here the cat dander. And so after about a week or two, unless I'm brushing the cat, sometimes I'll even give the cat a shower. If you've ever given the cat a shower, you know how funny that picture is, a little bit, but I'll tell you, it helps with the allergies, it helps with the dander and things like that, and then brushing and things like that. Brushing and things like that, and and she seems to not mind it, because I've done it with her forever. Lint rolling my son when he comes downstairs. So I found that I kept forgetting to lint roll him. I kept forgetting to brush the cat. I kept forgetting to vacuum upstairs. And then my wife's allergies just started getting worse and worse every time my son would come downstairs, and she got to the point where she's like, listen, like he can't go upstairs anymore until we get those things done. Well, my son's favorite thing in the world is to go upstairs. In our house. He's got a playroom, a dedicated playroom up here. He loves to play with the cat. So there was an ultimatum, the pain of saying no to my son going upstairs to play in his favorite place in the house was greater than the pain of me just taking 30 minutes and getting those things done that I procrastinated on, that I could come up with 1001 reasons why I wasn't getting them done. So you see the example here. We do this in different parts of our life, and I would bet that you can find examples in your own life of ways that you procrastinate, ways that we put things off. And I'll and again, I'll tell you, self compassion really has to come in alignment with this, because if I beat myself up, I'm not going to get it done, I'm going to get overwhelmed, I'm going to get tired, I'm going to get sad. Beating myself up was a strategy that I learned growing up, and it's not a success strategy anymore. It's something that I just I refuse to do. But what I do do is I look at self accountability. What are the goals that I want? What are my desires? What are the things that I want to create in my life? And is my behavior matching that? And so I want a peaceful home where my son can enjoy playing, and my wife doesn't have to suffer from her allergies. And you know, it finally, have to do something about it at that point, and that's what motivates me and gets me to take action on certain things. Again, some of you, you might be be coaches on procrastination or things like that, and maybe you could come up with different ways that could help me around this type of thing. But what I want to do is I want to translate this over to in our businesses, going from the land of ideas and vision to reality. If I have an idea of what I want my family life to look like, what I want my house to look like, what I want it to feel like, but I'm not turning it into reality. I'm not making my goals into reality. And some of you might be like, oh, man, this sounds like a one of those New Year's resolution talks, it's not, I promise you that I hate those. I hate doing those. I hate doing New Year's rah rah vision talks, because what I want to do is I want you to go 365 days in 2025 taking action and making it better than the last five years. The last five years has been incredible in some of the worst and best ways for everybody. We had artificial intelligence popped on the scene and became such a great tool for us. We had the pandemic, which was one of the weirdest times in human history that we're going to look back on. And you might have had goals going into 2020, or 2019, that you still haven't hit yet. By the way, myself, I have those still, I do. But what I want is I don't want you to go another month without turning things tangible for you. So step number one, what are the first steps of this? I want to make this very simple for you. Okay, once you have your landing page copy written and again to fast track you on your sales copy that course in the members area under the Start Here section sales letter and landing page copywriting made easy. Make it a point to go through one lesson a day for the next week of that and get your sales copy written. Make it a point to have your sales copy finished by the first or second week of January. Then sign up for some kind of a landing page builder, whether it be Squarespace, whether it be on podia or Kajabi or or or systema IO, or go high level, whatever type of platform that you want to use. And then take the sales copy and start to build out a. That landing page. Now, that doesn't mean you're going to promote it, but it's just one step further than maybe you had. Far as you've ever gotten before is having a tangible landing page created. Now, I know some of you have that, and you do, but maybe you're stuck on the next step. What's that next step promoting? So you thought I was going to let you off the hook on this one. I'm not, because now, once it's a landing page, it's kind of like when Shonda got her book written and printed, but nobody knows about it. And this is the real thing that you have to do in your business, as you have to start putting yourself out there, overcoming the fear and the worry of what are people going to think about me? Is it going to work? Is it going to build trust? Are people going to like it? Is it going to fall flat? And you gotta learn to bust your fear and get your landing page in draft, get it live, start to gather data and improve upon it as you go. What I want you to do is I want you to commit I do in the next month that we're going to get a landing page for a lead magnet, something that people can sign up with their name and email address. We're going to get that created, and we're going to start to promote it to people for two straight weeks. I'm not going to ask you to do anything more than I'm willing to do myself. I think that's a great standard as a coach, and that's what I do a lot of times. Like the minimum I promote an offer is at least two weeks, unless there's a timeline on it, two weeks knows that the I've gotten it on the algorithm to show up to as many people as I should. I'm going to reach out to some people. I might DM them say, hey, look, I just created this. I think this is incredible. Can you give me some feedback on this? That might be something great that you could do. You could share that you could share your lead magnet with people to get feedback on it, and then some of those people might actually sign up for it and join your email list. You can start to promote it out there, organically, and then, of course, running paid advertising, doing a small campaign, 10, $20 a day, promoting your landing page out to people with your with Facebook and Instagram ads and getting tangible to actually put something out there to do that. Now what we have to do is we have to realize that there's something incredible that happens, your offer, your landing page, your lead magnet may not produce seven figures the first time you launch it, it might only do six figures. Wang, but what's going to happen is you're going to grow internally in ways that you never imagined. There is something and I know this. Every single person that's here that has ever created a landing page and launched it. And by the way, some of you, maybe you created one a while back, you launched it. It didn't work out how you wanted it to. I'm going to talk to you here real quick. I'm going to talk to those of you that put so much into it and it didn't produce the results that you wanted, and you got defeated in that process. Can I encourage you to do it again, to create another offer, to create another landing page, to get back on the saddle, to get back on the horse, to not let what happened before stop you from going into the next season, to not let What stopped you before prevent you from moving forward. Learn from what happened, gather that wisdom and then adjust, tweak, make some changes. But don't sit on your hands, and don't sit on the idea or the vision. Let's put it out there to people, and let's start promoting again, because the consistency, this is really what produces results in this business, is consistency of promotion.

[469:44] Speaker 0: Consistency. Of promotion. It's not a one time thing. Now we teach about evergreen offers and creating automated lead magnets and things like that. And that's something that it works. It works incredibly but it works when you consistently promote and you consistently talk about it. For instance, you might have an offer, and I'm going to give you a great example of this. My mom is a great example of this. Every single day she's talking about the same offer her women's. Menopause community the same offer with the same level of excitement when she started in September and October. That's four months of still consistently talking about the same offer with excitement. That's called consistency of promotion. Can I tell you this the first month really slow, even with the millions of followers and hundreds of 1000s of people in my mom's email list, really, really slow getting people to sign up, and yet, some of you give up after a month of promoting your offer because it didn't generate the kind of results you wanted. Yeah, when there's a business that has millions of followers, hundreds of 1000s on the email list, and it's still slow starting, cuz that's what happens. I've seen that happen with every single business that I've helped have my hands in promoting, is that the initial ramp up is slow until people start to see the consistency, until we start tuning the message, adjusting it, tweaking it, putting it out there on social media, running ads, generating getting more people on the email list, consistently talking about the thing over and over and over again. And so that's why, when it comes to an evergreen offer, we've really have created a full evergreen ecosystem for promoting this business for Sandy, which is really, really cool. I want to show you what this looks like here real quick. What this what a full evergreen system looks like. Okay, so number one, we have this offer right here. There's a coupon to register for the mentorship $97 a month. 497 a year. And we have two lead magnets. We have the Health Series, three part Training Series. This was a fast action, Quick Launch thing that we did where we basically, we took three clips from her first month of training. We condensed them down into a lead magnet to give people these answers right here, and then attached to that is autoresponder emails getting them to sign up. Then what I said was, let's create something that's a little bit more persuasive, a little bit more targeted. So then what we did was we created this menopause webinar. So this is an evergreen webinar now that people can access Instant Access class right here that we're promoting, and it does the exact same thing. Oops, misspell here's the class, instant access starts promoting the offer right here gives people a limited time to sign up, get started now and then, boom, they get sent that offer right there. Okay, so this is the Evergreen system that we're using to promote and generate leads. Now, again, it's a little bit of a different business model, because what our plan is is to shift that over into the telehealth company as well, and and it's really it's generating a lot of leads for that, and they're going to be integrated together. But what we're doing is we're creating the audience, we're creating the foundation. We're creating the committed client base. We're finding hundreds of of people, starting with women, but we're adding men into it to be able to do that, and that's the stage that we want to start with in our businesses. Is we want to be consistent to promote our offers. And this is where maybe you're like, well, but if it's not generating a bunch of sales, for me, why do when? Do I know when to stop? Give it two weeks. Give it three weeks. If you're like, Okay, I want, I want to maybe create a different offer. Okay, pause that one, create another one. Tweak it, tune it, adjust it, adjust the language. When I teach about sales copy and what do you actually adjust? What do you actually optimize? It's about optimizing maybe 10 to 15% of the sales copy to get it dialed in more specifically around what is the emotion that's going to draw somebody in to take action? Not the logical side of things, but the emotional side of what's going to get somebody to take action with you? So this is what we need to do to go into the land of reality, and in January and February of this next year is we need to create our landing page, generate our lead magnet, start putting that out there, start promoting it to people, and then use that promotion, use that lead magnet, magnet to build trust with people and to close more sales in your business. Okay, now what's awesome is you can use AI to assist you with 80% of the hard work of doing this, coming up with the sales copy. What do we put in the marketing emails? Give me some ideas for social media, learning to use AI as an idea generation factory, helping you jog your memory. Come. Up with ideas. Okay, how do I write this headline right here? How might I say this on social media? How can I take all of these ideas that we're talking about and put them together into something that's tangible that I can deliver to people you know, every time that I teach in our coaching group here, I take the questions from the last couple of weeks of trainings, and I have a spark of an idea of what I want to teach. I knew today what I wanted to teach. I knew exactly what I wanted to teach. But what I did was I used the AI to take everybody's questions over the last couple of weeks, and I'm going to show you this, I was able to generate an outline. Now, I didn't touch on all of this, but ideas of what I wanted to talk about here today, so I use the AI to help me do that. I have that's in front of me while I'm talking. I have these notes here. I'm not necessarily reading off of the notes, but it gives me ideas tangibly of what to say, how to say it, what to cover, what don't I want to miss. I might change the order of things and do stuff like that, but it helps keep me on track, and it helps keep me accountable. And what's amazing is, you know, they're talking right now, as we go into 2025 they're saying that 2025 is the year where every company is going to be using AI agents. AI agents is like having a robot employee in your business where the AI is doing tasks. I'm already starting to build out the prototypes of agents that are going to help me do a lot of this stuff automatically for me. And agents are really just kind of like using either Zapier or make and creating automated sequences for doing things where it'll basically take inputs and create outputs automatically for you. What I want to do, for example, is, every time I teach a training here in this coaching group, I want to send it to three different agents, and I wanted to generate me a podcast outline. I wanted to generate me 20 possible social media posts. And I wanted to generate me what's the other idea that I had? I wanted to generate me like a potential lead magnet based on what I'm teaching in here, and I wanted to email that to me once a week as a report on everything that we teach here in this group. Right now, every week, I'm manually typing those things in. I have a VA in the Philippines that helps me do a lot of this. She takes the recording, she sends me this information, but the AI agent can actually automatically do that process. Now, instead of me having to send it off to people or other people doing it, and it can just send me once a week after I go live, it's going to take the Zoom recording, it's going to transcribe it and then filter it all the way through to send me the end product of what I'm wanting. And I think that's really, really cool, because that saves me, literally, like a, having to remember, and B, it's all automated. It's a system that I can do where I don't have to think about it. And we're going to be showing you here, going into 2025 how to do certain things like this. A lot of this stuff is still in its infancy stage. It's very kind of difficult and techy to be able to do, still for most people, otherwise, I would already have a lot of this stuff set up and built myself. But at the same time, we have been showing you how you can use very simple tools, like many chat, to promote in your business if you want to promote offers that are out there. Using many chat as an incredible tool, because it allows you to create automations anytime somebody leaves a comment on one of your posts, it can send them an email with that offer. For instance, on Instagram right here. If we go over to my Instagram page, my Instagram profile,

[616:54] Speaker 0: you can see, here's one right here that I did, and organically look at it got me, like, quite a few comments from people that were commenting evergreen. I didn't even run this as an ad. This was just organic. A lot of these are people I've never even seen that don't even follow me right now, but I was able to make this video right here. This video format is working really well. Also, I had the AI help create this text right here for me. And then what it is, is when somebody types the word evergreen, it sends a response and then automatically sends them a direct message with the link to be able to check out my offer. And so being able to use something like many chat is one of the simplest ways that you can automate certain things. And it's not even AI. It's literally just a trigger where it's connected to your Instagram. It's connected to your Facebook. It looks when somebody leaves a comment, and then it sends them a message, and it works really, really well at doing that. It's an incredible tool to being able to do that. We use this for almost all of our ads. With what we're doing with Sandy for her offers, where every single one, even though we're promoting it to go to a landing page, I've been doing this even with landing pages, even if I'm sending people to go to a landing page. I'm still going to run an ad with a many chat sequence attached to it, because they might engage that way, instead of clicking the link. So now I'm giving people double modality of engagement with me to be able to do this. And it actually is very easy. I'll show you how easy it is now to set up an automation once you have your first one set up. In many chat. I can go right here and I can say, duplicate it'll duplicate it. I click on it. I can edit it right here, all posts or a specific post, I can change whatever the keyword is. You can put two keywords. I accidentally had two keywords that I was running, so I just stuffed both of them in here. I can create new keywords, and then we go in and we can change whatever link it sends people, in the in the email or in the in the DM that it sends them. Here's the training. To watch the replay. I had to edit that to make it say the replay. So now that's all I have to do, is I just have to to duplicate it, edit what the keyword is and edit what link I'm sending people. I can do that from my phone in minutes after I'm done creating content. And that's what's amazing. That's what a lot of the stuff that we need to do in our business, we gotta get to the place where it's not time consuming. Promoting our business doesn't become time consuming. It becomes something that we can do without even thinking about it. It becomes as easy as breathing. It becomes as easy as brushing our teeth to be able to get up. Okay? I created a couple ads for an offer. I recorded that with my my my phone. I'm going to go launch those, and I'm going to get an offer out there to grow my email list. And I don't have to overthink it. I'm not worried about is it going to be right? Is it going to work out? We just put it out there, getting past the place where we are so timid, so walking on eggshells to make sure that it's just so with our offers, and we are just putting offers out there, growing our email list every day, every week, selling to people every single day, every single week. That's where I want you to get to in your business, and I believe that you can. And the number one thing that we gotta look at is, what are the things that are stopping me from doing that right now? And this is where the coaching aspect of today comes in with what I've talked about. What are the things and I want you to answer this for yourself, or you can leave it in the chat below. What are the things that are preventing you from getting to that place right now? Having your landing page, promoting it to people, setting up a mini chat automation, launching a Facebook ad. Okay, so we got four things right here, and these are really like four steps that I think like if you can get all four of these, you can have a landing page done. You can have your many chat sequence so anything that you put organic or paid, can do an automated sequence of sending people a message. You can launch an ad campaign, and I'll Asterix this. Yes, I know it needs. You need some money to be able to do that. That's why I recommend paying off your credit cards, getting your debt paid off. Start saving more money to be able to spend on your ad spend. You know, I've been able to actually set aside. We were able to grow, I think, our available credit line to almost $200,000 to be able to spend on ads. I have money that's saved up multiple 10s of 1000s of dollars that saved up allocated for spending on ads going into 2020, 2025, and that's what we're promoting right now. That's what we're building right now, is to have that. We have our we have our war chest ready to go, to be able to promote and build out our business. But that's why what I want, that's why what I started this with, I'm going to be changing the name of the this program to wealthy coach Academy. We're going to be launching our VIP offer, because all of those are integrated into what we're promoting overall. And then, what was the last one? Does anybody remember what the last one that I had mentioned was we have landing page, mini chat, uh, ads. What was the fourth one I had mentioned a fourth one. My brain is not remembering what that fourth one was. Does anyone else remember?

[702:58] Speaker 0: I guess, yeah, you could put the nurturing sequence in there, but I'll tell you this to start, you could just send a simple email out to people. Just have one simple, automated email that goes out to people overall, something that's simple. Let me see if I can find this in the Gosh. See now it's going to bug me. I can't remember what the fourth one was. I was writing it down. And then and then I started talking. It seems to be what happens. You know, that's what otter AI is for. Okay, so if I go right here, I

[716:28] Speaker 1: I think it was promoted Jeremiah organically, and then you said, add, here we

[719:20] Speaker 0: go. I'm going to copy this right here. I'm.

[722:06] Speaker 0: I'm copying my transcript and then asking the the AI,

[724:58] Speaker 0: oh, well, you know what? It doesn't matter promoting it out there to people, getting something out there, getting ready to promote something, and putting it in front of people. That's what we need to do. We need to start promoting our offers consistently. And so can we commit to doing that? And take a look at what are the things that are preventing me from doing this right now? What are those things that are stopping me from being able to get started with this stuff right now? What are those things that are that are causing pause for me in doing this and start to get really honest with ourselves about what those are and and by the way, it's not, it's not even necessarily that it's BS. It's just that it's like, that's our habit realizing, okay, what's my habit been? Let's make some new habits. And so if we can get really, really clear as far as what's stopping us from doing this part of the process from getting to this stage, every single one of us has reasons that we come up with, doubts, insecurities, fears, worries, good excuses, even things that we consider to be wisdom, that we're looking that, by the way, That's always the sneaky one pride, when pride disguises itself as wisdom, well, I'm being wise by not launching my landing page and offer yet. No, that's that's definitely not wisdom at all. I can tell you that from my experience. And so if we can start to look at okay, what is stopping me from moving forward with these things, and we can be really honest with ourselves about it, we can start to unravel that and start to change that behavior. Because I'll tell you this behavior right here, in my business, in my life, in my clients that are most successful, this is the number one behavior that determines, are they going to be successful in their coaching business or not, as are they consistently promoting their offers? Are they consistently getting new people in front of them? Are they talking about it consistently, and then, when the offer is not bringing in as many clients as they need to, adjusting, pivoting, making the necessary changes, not throwing in the towel and feeling overwhelmed and feeling like, Oh no, it's didn't work. So now I gotta give up for six months, which, again, I can be guilty of that I've been guilty of that it's a natural human thing to do, to feel sorry for ourselves when stuff like that happens, and it will happen, and you need to be like, honest with ourselves about that every great offer stops converting at some point, like it's literally, there's not there's no way around that. In any industry or business model. There's not a single product where a great offer will then stop converting eventually. And again, it could be what's the angle that we're taking? It might not necessarily be that the product isn't converting, but we need to adjust what the marketing angle is. We need to adjust what's going to attract people overall to us, to start to get more people to become our clients overall, or just get started in the process. So that's what I want to do, is I want to a take some questions here to kind of wrap up here today. If you have some questions, raise your hand also. We could do some coaching over okay, what are the things that are stopping us from doing this? What are those things I know you can do this. I know every single person here has it inside of them to be able to create these offers, to grow your email list, to create a landing page, to start promoting it, to create a many chat sequence, to create your first ad. And if we can get past even some of the like, Oh, it's too technical, it's too difficult, it's too hard to do that, some of the embarrassment, some of the fear, some of the worry. And just make it fun. Make it a fun process, where we're going to just dive in and just see what happens. Just have fun with it. Maybe get some help if we need to. You can hire somebody in the Philippines, over at Online jobs.ph have somebody work with you for three to $5 an hour that can set up some of this for you. Now I have my assistant in the Philippines. She said she actually does. These are actually the three things that Jonalyn does for me. I send her my copy. She creates the landing page, sets up the main chat. Sequence creates the ad. I don't even have to touch it anymore, and finding somebody that you can do that with, and I, and it's a couple, just a couple 100 bucks a month to be able to do that, to have somebody on call that's able to do that for me. Alright, Tiffany, what's up? Tiffany, yes, she's amazing.

[805:13] Speaker 1: Hello, hello. Hello. So I wanted to actually say something first before I ask my question, I have been digging. So what you had said today is spot on, timely. Thank you. I have been digging as to what's been blocking me, and I realized a lot of things, and also I have been getting some like, Great downloads for getting something out there for what people actually want. So you were speaking to me today, so thank you. And I actually had two questions I posted in the group under the same question thread that you have there for like, a couple weeks. So is it possible to do like, podcast style courses instead of going on Zoom? I was research. I've been researching on chat, GPT, and also I just wasn't sure, like the how? Because I'm like, I know it can be done. Making

[822:13] Speaker 0: a podcast is kind of just like taking a video and then extracting the audio from it.

[823:55] Speaker 1: Oh, okay. And so,

[824:16] Speaker 0: like, there is a training in the members area, the the video editing course all about different ways to just record video that are separate from zoom. Oh, okay, you check that out, and then to actually turn it into a podcast. What I do again? So I have Jinky do this for me, because, again, I was doing this. Jinky does it now she takes the video. This is why a lot of my automation is I literally, I upload my video recording to the team. They now filter it through AI. They generate me the titles of the podcast. That generate me the description. Jinky edits it. They all upload it, and they schedule it out. So literally, I don't touch my podcast after. I just record the initial recording, and then I just send it to them through Google Drive. Oh, but when I was doing it myself, you have to extract the audio, uh huh, and then you upload that audio version Squarespace does have a podcast creation. Part of Squarespace to create a podcast, you basically create a blog, and then you tell it that it's a podcast, and then any audio that's in that blog becomes a podcast, and then you can submit that to the all the podcast sites and things like that.

[842:37] Speaker 1: What if I'm not using Squarespace, you

[843:28] Speaker 0: can also use YouTube, YouTube as a function where you can actually upload a YouTube video, tell it that that playlist is a podcast, and then it will give you a link in that playlist to be able to do that. That's a new feature, actually, with YouTube. Let me show you how you do that here real quick. Okay, so over here on YouTube, if I upload a post right here, okay, I upload my video, I can make it private anytime I upload it, but right here, they have this tab called podcasts and now, and what it's doing is actually automatically grabs all of my episodes right here,

[854:36] Speaker 0: and it creates a podcast right here, inside of YouTube, all the episodes automatically that are put in there, and you can add it as a playlist. So I can go ahead and I can create a playlist. Uh huh, let's say that I want to the

[861:02] Speaker 0: way that you create a playlist is you kind of like, select a video, add to playlist, and then select new playlist, and when you do new playlist, there's new podcast right here. Ah, okay, okay, so in YouTube, they have that all built in right there where you can do that with your videos to be able to do that.

[866:27] Speaker 1: Okay? So

[866:47] Speaker 0: there's a lot of different things. The main thing is, I always just start with like just recording the video on my computer. You could also just record it with your phone. If you want to share your screen. You can record it on your computer. I use OBS to record it. You can use Zoom. You could use stream, yard, restream. You could use the camera app on your computer. You could use the camera app on your phone, and then from there, you just kind of got to do some basic editing to, kind of if you want to add an intro and outro, and then upload it somewhere that's going to then turn it into a podcast, turning it into a podcast, really just uploading it to a place that podcasts get uploaded, and then it makes the podcast. And you just got to distribute that. You distribute the RSS feed with

[878:40] Speaker 1: that. And that can be used to, like, create courses. And stuff, because I'm kind of, like, on the fly, kind of like, well,

[881:12] Speaker 0: what are we talking about? Creating courses with a podcast? What

[882:01] Speaker 1: do we mean by that, like, like podcast style, for example, I have seen a gal who does memberships, and what she does is, I don't, I haven't seen any like zoom recordings, but what she has is things that we can just listen to. And there, there's no, she's not, yeah, visible. Yeah, no time to do that. Yep. So that's because it's

[889:02] Speaker 0: a membership where you're, you're just giving them this style of content. The beauty of a membership business is it is. The format doesn't have to be one format like it doesn't have to be live zooms and things like this. It can literally just be recorded once a week. Podcast style, you dialoguing, monologuing, and that's what people are paying for. And I think that's great, totally.

[895:26] Speaker 1: That's what I want. That's totally my energetic flow. I figured it out over the weekend. I'm like, Oh, no wonder. Let's get let's and figure out a way. So, so again,

[898:30] Speaker 0: what we're looking at is, and I try to try to break this down and go, like, what are the elements of that? Okay, so what, what all of this has in common is you have some kind of content. That's what C is right here. This could be audio, this could be video. This could be live zoom. This could be a course, this could be anything. This could be your podcast style recordings that are in your flow, but it's a piece of content that they can only access after they're a member of your membership. And so like, whatever that is, that's what you're selling to people, with your lead magnets, with your offers, with your promotions, as you're selling them to come into this ecosystem. And then you're not selling them on the what the content is. You're selling them on the result, the transformation, the outcome, the experience from consuming that content. You're selling them on what they're going to get on the back end of that, when they apply what they learn, when they commit to listening to those trainings, when they commit to spending an hour or 30 minutes a week with with Tiffany's recordings. And that is what we're selling. Alright? Thank you so much. Yeah, you bet you can do it.

[919:36] Speaker 1: I can. I'm excited. There's

[920:08] Speaker 0: not any rules, by the way, about any of this. Y'all, that's the other thing too. Like, there's not rules, like, some of the like, some, Okay, are there the rules you have to sell and you have to promote, like those are the rules you gotta sell, and you gotta promote what you do on the back end of that, how you deliver it, what's delivered, stuff like that that can be perfectly fit into whatever your version of what that is for you, right? Uh. Edna, what's going on? Edna, you

[929:02] Speaker 2: Yeah, hi, yes, I had a couple questions. First, sorry, I've been meetings all morning. First question I had was, you had mentioned something about her, Sandy's community group that self I guess the community was $97 a month, plus, if they pay a year in advance, it's 497 does that include commute, like, live, like workshops

[936:12] Speaker 0: as well? Yeah, every week she's on there, live. Oh, okay, so

[938:00] Speaker 2: okay, because I have a self paced version, and it's $97 a month. I don't have pay in advance. Special, is that a good like having a year to

[940:25] Speaker 0: have something like that? Yes,

[940:54] Speaker 2: okay, all right, fair enough. And then the second thing I wanted to ask was regarding, you know, the what to get done within the first week of January? So I was thinking, for me mini course, because that's the next because I have the group coaching that's going myself pace. You said in nurturing sequence, you just need one email start,

[946:43] Speaker 0: yeah, and then you can other email and add another email. When it comes to writing emails, there's that new course that I put in the members area about writing seven figure emails. Oh,

[949:36] Speaker 2: I didn't see that one as well,

[949:59] Speaker 0: so that's a brand new one that I added, and that's why, like, I've slowed down. I was creating two courses a month. Now we're just doing one, because there's so many that I've created over the last two years that's like, Okay, you guys have, like, a lot that's already in there to go through and now, okay, update. And now I plan on just updating one course a month, instead of two, because it's like, there's already so much in there that you can, yeah, the members area, um, but this is the one I just finished this, like, a month ago, email campaigns. It's all about, like, how to write the emails, the best ways to write them with AI. Right, perfect. And that's the thing, Claude. Ai, if you use Claude 3.5 sonnet, that's, yeah, I have that email writing AI. That's the best version of AI for email writing is Claude.

[963:07] Speaker 2: Okay, so that's what you use for your nurturing sequence, okay? And then for with my other question, and then the mini course, because I know the last call you said 90 minutes was too long. Keep it between 30 to 45 minutes. What are your thoughts about taking just a portion of your online program and making that a mini course? Yeah, that's exactly

[970:40] Speaker 0: what we did here with my mom's three part

[971:18] Speaker 2: series, okay, that's going to save me so much time, yeah,

[972:08] Speaker 0: because we just took 317 minute sessions. Okay, so it adds up to, I think, close to, like, 45 minutes. And then what we did was, I just, I just had her record an intro, okay, that got them all excited about the three trainings. And, yeah, end of it. There was an outro that talked about her program.

[976:54] Speaker 2: Oh my gosh, brilliant,

[977:55] Speaker 0: exactly like how this is built out. Look at it so it's so simple. I mean, heck, I should probably make a series like this too, with some of mine.

[983:03] Speaker 0: What it is is that you get this right here, okay, oh, you gotta access your email to get the get the training. Okay, so then the trainings are right here. Start Here, your first steps. It's a 19 second just, hey there.

[986:32] Speaker 2: What's up? Yeah, we talk with

[987:54] Speaker 0: and then here's session one, right here. 16 minutes, 17 minutes. Session Two, oh. Session three, eight minutes. Your next steps? Another 22 minutes. What's your next steps? Jump in and grab the offer right there. Oh,

[992:16] Speaker 2: that's great. No, that makes me so happy. That's doable. So

[993:19] Speaker 0: the promotion that, like we ran for this is, I mean, I'm telling you, it's so simple how we're how we want to do stuff. We gotta stop overthinking, over analyzing all this stuff. Keep it simple. This right here. This is the promotion I have a free gift for you, three part series, How to get the help you need with menopause. Comment health to receive free access. And we just had like, hundreds of people do this. Hmm, I think so far, um,

[1002:01] Speaker 2: do they still, I'm not, not really familiar with Instagram. Do they still like, do hashtags and stuff? Is that a

[1003:35] Speaker 0: hashtags are a big thing. It's now, this is, like, the many chat promotion, right? Okay, but so then this has the automation link to it, where it sends people a message. And we got a couple 1000 people that went through. We created a couple different versions of that. Like, one thing that I just messaged Sandy about this morning is we've had a bunch of ads that have worked really well, but we've been promoting them for over a month and a half, and we did two we now have two evergreen offers. So here's what I told her. I said, to keep it simple. I said, Send me 20 videos of you in the gym. So look, she sent me 20 video different video clips of just her in the gym. Uh huh. But now I can add text for the mini chat promotion for our ads to, oh, cool. So, like, that's the whole process of creating the ads to then send them to these lead magnets. And what's great is we found that, like, it's, it's profitable, it's converting, um, we've gotten a few 100 people in her program just the last couple of months with a very small ad budget doing that, and now we're ramping up. We're going publicly out there, and we're going to start ramping up the budget on that too, which then, like I said, for her business, she's going beyond it just being a coaching program. She's adding, like, a whole medical practice to it. She's not a doctor, but she's bringing in a doctor and going to be the CEO of it. What's amazing is we found, like a lot of these businesses, they have a CEO that's kind of like her skill set, and then they have the doctors that work, and they work in tandem. So there's a lot of different businesses that are very similar, that are doing this type of model, and my mom's super passionate about it as well. Yeah, you typed in health following how we did it exactly, and it's going to send you that

[1029:28] Speaker 2: message. That's perfect. Yeah, I might just do that, just so I can learn from her. Yeah, just go inspiration,

[1030:51] Speaker 0: yep, go through, check it out. See how we're how we're doing that. So okay, and again, that's like, we're keeping it really, really simple with her. Yes, I'm, I'm going, I'm going, not much more advanced with that. One of the things though, is that there's a follow up. There is a nurture follow up sequence to that, to where we have, like a a 72 hour promotion, where it's has like a discount that people can get, gets emailed to them, like once a day for three days after they opt in. Okay, we have those that are also. Of being emailed to people, and then on the last day, there's some like reminders, and so that's pushing a lot of people through, is by being able to have those automated sequences. So you also have some kind of a sequence At the end of it. So the seven

[1043:04] Speaker 2: figure, I don't mind coming up with a sequence, but the seven figure, course, is that, does that cover what you just said, mentioned, or is that something different? It

[1045:30] Speaker 0: covers, like, what to write the emails about. If we want to talk more about the sequence, there's actually a bit of an older course that I did, and again, I'm Update, I'm updating, improving a lot of these courses. Um, I have like, such a library, and then I'm like, making new versions of some of the different stuff. Like, we just finished AI ebook writing all this. But there's this one right here that I did. We have this one called automated marketing secrets. It's not that one. It is under intermediate. This is why what I'm doing is I'm like, Okay, we have all these courses. I want to condense them down into what's essential or important to people, friendly follow up. That's friendly follow up, okay, all about like, what follow up we want to do for people. And this really talks about the method of nurturing your audience, what emails to send, what the best Yeah, nurture content is. And so this, again, this is a great course that I did last year, all about follow up sequences with people, okay? And specifically lesson four, the effective email marketing follow up strategy. So if we go evergreen, and that's what we've been doing now, like with it being evergreen, in the Evergreen marketing funnel, secrets, secrets, course, I updated it around specifically being evergreen. Okay, set up the deadline funnel tool. How do you what do you say to close this? Sorry,

[1069:46] Speaker 2: what less is that still part of the same lesson, effective email marketing?

[1070:46] Speaker 0: No, it's another course called marketing funnel secrets. So that's one right here that's all about making it evergreen friendly. Follow up was mostly just about doing challenges and live webinars. Okay, the same info applies for evergreen. It's a great course, but if we're talking about doing it evergreen and automated, I think this one might be better for you, Evergreen. Oh, okay, Evergreen marketing funnel secrets, and that's under the intermediate courses right here. Okay, okay, all right.

[1080:04] Speaker 2: All right, sounds good. Thank you. Awesome.

[1081:56] Speaker 0: I saw who else had their hand raised. Adele. Did, right? Well, I think she disappeared. So, all right, see, anyone else have any other questions today? Raise your hand. You got some questions. Tiffany got her podia site up. That's awesome. All right. All right. Y'all Well, this, y'all say this is super helpful. Um, anything else before we wrap up, before we head out, any other questions you guys, otherwise we will go over to next week as our live. Q, a Happy New Year, everybody. Halston is going to be two years old on Sunday, his second birthday is going to be on Sunday. Some of y'all remember him being born. So, yep, that's it. Happy birthday to Halston. He's talking up a storm too. Yes, this is the year to be the coach that you're called to be. I love that. I want to post that on my social media. 2025 is the year to be the coach that you were called to be. No more playing small, no more excuses, no more. It's too hard for me to figure out. Let's figure it out. You got this community. You can post in the group, you can ask questions, no need to be embarrassed, no need to feel like you're behind on anything. You got this, I believe in you, and I'm here to help you do it. See you guys. See everybody next year. All right, bye, have a good one.

[1115:34] Speaker 2: Bye, everyone. Bye.

