Black Friday 2024 Training
Date: 2024-11-25T16:53:19.000Z
Duration: 23 min
Otter ID: QBByW6_jyjt-e-TNtFT-ZVOaYqc
---

[0:05] Speaker 0: Hey, what's everybody Jeremiah Krakowski here with this special Black Friday bundle. I'm excited that you grabbed onto this. I'm excited that you grabbed these trainings. Listen, go through this Introduction Training. I'm going to break down the process that's working right now in our business. It's working for our clients that you can use and apply. And then there's another training that we actually put in, from my premier coaching program, the client growth accelerator program, where I actually go through with my clients in real time, how to actually put together the very best sales copy and offer, and how to develop that offer as well, we even designed how to do your sales strategy. There's a lot packed into that bonus training that's thrown in here. Do not want to miss that, but start here. You're in the right place with this video. And here's the thing, if you're a coach or a course creator, you're somebody that wants to grow your business, maybe you're just starting out. You don't have an idea of what business to start with, or maybe you have an idea, but you want to know what's best. The best thing to do is to develop some kind of a group coaching program. Okay, here's why. And by the way, a group coaching program could be a course with a school group or a Facebook group or something attached to it for interaction. What you want is you want to be able to interact with people, and you want to be able to provide value by supporting people on their journey, not just information. We live in a very interesting world today with artificial intelligence and YouTube, information is not hard to come by. Information about how to do stuff is not hard to come by. And now just selling a course with information is not as valuable as it used to be. So what people really are wanting to make an investment in is for community and for transformation, the results that they are going to get on the other side of it, the reason why my clients invest with my client growth accelerator program, and again, I'd love to see you in that program. I'd love for you to join us in there, try it out, check it out, and see the difference that it makes. There's an opportunity I want to share with you to be able to learn how we're able to add 10 to 20 new clients into our business every single month. And I want you to go through that, check it out, and follow that process, and at the end of that, you can have an opportunity to jump into our client growth accelerator program as well. That's the third option below on this, this members area. So again, just a little bit of housekeeping if you're following this on a mobile device, maybe you're watching this on a mobile device. In the upper corner of this video, you're going to see three lines. You're going to see it in your mobile device. There's three lines. That's a menu to open up and be able to look at more of the training. So if you're like, there's just one video, I don't know how to access everything. Click on those three lines up above this video, and it's going to open up a menu where you can actually see that bonus training from the accelerator, as well as that opportunity to work with us in the accelerator below that. Okay, so now what we want to do is we want to take a look at and really break down what is our offer. Without having an offer, you don't have an opportunity to be able to sell anything in your business. And maybe you're like, well, Jeremiah, I'm not at the stage right. Even at the stage where I've actually created a product yet. Okay, so again, those are two very different stages. I'm going to include a bonus training in this, all about planning and mapping out your signature course or coaching program, coming up with the best idea how to create it, how to put it together for you. Okay, so I'm going to include that as well as a bonus training on this. So after you've watched that, now what the stage is is, now that we know what we're going to offer, we want to start to put together our marketing strategy. And that's what I'm going to break down for you in this video. Is that marketing strategy is there's people that are out there that you can help with your course or your coaching program. How do we actually find those people, and how do we then sell to them, to get them to buy from us? What we recommend doing now is what is called a hybrid evergreen strategy. Let me go find my marker right here. The hybrid evergreen strategy is where we are using video content to be able to build trust with people. Okay, so we're building trust with people. We're sharing value. We're transforming their life, we're giving incredible information. But on the back end of that, we have an opportunity to be able to sell our programs. And for instance, like I've already talked about, I have my accelerator program. I'd love to see you in there. One of the things and a trend that I think is really ethical and amazing nowadays is that we're not hiding the fact that we have programs for sale. We're not pretending like we don't have something for sale. I have an amazing, incredible coaching program. We're actually join you, become a part of your team, become part of your marketing strategy, to help you build everything in your business, step by step. We have every course you can imagine on all the different steps in your business to dial in your lead flow, your sales, your message. Your marketing and everything in between that so that you can have consistent income and the financial and time freedom that you want, it'll actually build a business that pays you the way that you deserve, working just five to 10 hours a week. How many of you don't want to be in the rat race? Or again, with inflation, with the economy? You know things are getting more expensive, learning how to take care of yourself and your family without having to work hundreds of hours to be able to do so, without struggling to be able to do so, and that's what an online business can allow us to do when you have a system that is consistent, that delivers results, that gets clients buying from you every single month that becomes something that's sustainable for you in your business. And then when that turns into recurring revenue, where they're able to pay you every single month, and you're getting repeated business from people, how do we do that by having a coaching program that's in the form of a membership model, where people can pay for access each month. They pay monthly to be able to get in there. And this creates an irresistible offer. We provide you with the best training, the best resources. And what that does is it allows you to have income that you could take weeks off, you could take months off in your business, and still be able to have the income coming in. And so when you do this, this is the model that we have in our coaching business is, we're a lot we're able to work with people every single week to be able to build their coaching businesses by providing that value in the form of our membership program. So what we do is we use video content to build that trust with people. And what I want to do is I want to figure out what is, and this is the key to be able to actually get clients. What is the main desire that those people have? What are they struggling with the most? And what is the desired outcome that those people want? And then, so then what you do is you give people your best information up front. You give them the very best information. You don't hold anything back. I think this is one of the mistakes that a lot of people think they need to do, is need to, like, hold back and gatekeep a lot of information as far as, like, Okay, this is the process. This is what you do, and then once people buy then they can reveal it to people. I have never believed in that, and so I don't gatekeep Anything at all. It's just it's not possible for me to just give my entire system to people in one short video like this. But what I do is I give people the entry point of what they need to know to get started. I give people the process that they need. And what you bought here in this bundle is so valuable as far as the process for your sales copy, for figuring out what topic to make your coaching program, or your course around how to plan and map it out. And so right now, I'm practicing what I preach, just by you being here as I'm able to give my best content away to you very low cost, to be able to get in here and to be able to understand a why you should work with me, why we're better than anybody else that's out there. I really do think so. I think that we offer the best information and the easiest to understand process to be able to do all this. And so when you give your best information away to people for free, and it's based around what they desire for free or low cost. So for instance, it could either be free. I have a lot of free classes. I have a YouTube channel with almost like 2000 videos on there. Make sure you check out that YouTube channel. By the way, huge value there or low cost, like offers like this, $7 offers. You know, $27 offers, something that is low cost to people, that is extremely affordable, and you give massive amounts of value away in this. Now here's what you don't do, okay, and so I want to, I want to explain this really carefully.

[147:42] Speaker 0: What you don't do is inundate people with a bunch of information. Okay, information is not what you're giving or selling. What you are doing is you are giving people a process, something that is a path that leads to the ultimate end result or transformation that they are looking for. So every client that you have, every potential client, somebody who's maybe thinking about joining your coaching program or becoming a client of your course, or buying your course, or jumping in with you, there is some kind of an end result that they're wanting. The. Only reason why anybody makes an investment with you, the only reason why anybody makes an investment with me is they believe that they are going to get something that is going to bring transformation in their life. And so it's your job to build people's trust in you to a level 10 in you, your product, your company, and the results and transformation that you deliver. Okay, so like without that, none of your efforts are going to work. You could have all the best social media content. You have the best YouTube videos. You could have the best information. But what you really want is you want people to trust that when they make an investment with you, that they are going to get the result that you practice what you preach, that you are somebody who actually does the things that you say, that you're going to do. And listen, I'm not, I'm not talking about you being a liar, like you want to actually be somebody who does what you say you're able to do for people. And when you merge that together with an irresistible offer that gives people what they desire. The cash flow starts coming in. So what we do is this. We split this up into really two stages. Stage number one is we have the video content that people watch, okay, and then stage number two is we have an offer, and this offer costs money. So this is something that is either free or low cost. This is something that's at least 500 upwards to maybe $2,500 right there. And what I like to do with this is split this up into monthly payments, maybe 50 to $200 a month, okay? And, and by the way, that's exactly what our client growth accelerator program is. It's $200 a month to jump in there, to be a part of that, and that's there's a lot of value delivered that you get for $200 a month being in there. But what I do is I have this free content in the form of my YouTube videos and in the form of offers that I've created where I teach people one key strategy, one key area of what they desire that's related to what I sell, and I use social media to send people to these videos. Okay, so what the other thing that I'm doing is I'm getting people's email addresses for them to get the video content, they have to give me their email address so I have their contact info, which is why, let's say they watched a video with me. Maybe they bought a low cost. Course, they didn't become a client, but they're on my email list and they like what I'm doing. I built trust with people. They like what I'm talking about. They like connecting with me. They like the the communication style that I have, they like, how it all vibes with them. Now that they're on my email list, I can continue to email them with other videos that I have now, you might say, well, Jeremiah, like I don't know if I could come up with enough ideas for video to be able to do that. And I'll tell you, this is that for every coaching program that's out there, you can come up with so many different ideas for your offer. And I want to show you right now how artificial intelligence, chat, GPT, is so valuable at being able to do this. Let's say I have a coaching program where I help women who are in menopause get get their mojo back and feel 30 years younger, generate For me, 30 you, you, let's say, unique, very different YouTube video ideas that might be attractive to someone who would join that program as a hook to get them to want to work with me. Okay, and by the way, we actually, we actually are building a business right now alongside a real change.com. This is, this is one of our clients that we work with. It's a, it's a women's hormone and health mentorship. And we're actually building out offers to be able to market this to people. This is a coaching program around this. It sells for $97 a month. And we've, we've been able to add hundreds of people every single month to this program using this exact process. So again, here's some ideas. Okay, five foods to avoid. How to sleep like a baby. 10 Minute morning routine kickstart your day. How to get your confidence back after 50. Uh, three best workouts. Okay, so you could take any of these ideas and turn them into an offer of some kind. You could turn them into some kind of a lead magnet of some kind. Can you generate for me 10 lead magnet ideas that I could promote with Facebook ads, okay? Or you could promote it organically. So the ultimate menopause Survival Guide, five day menopause reset challenge, seven day energy boost plan, uh, ultimate meal plan, a quiz. 10 day hormone balancing, recipes, meal plan, cheat sheet, 15 day, minute daily workout. So these are all ideas, and you don't need to do all of them. Just pick one. Just pick one idea. And this could apply for whatever your business is, whether you're doing real estate, whether you coach people on video games, whether you're coaching people on how to write their own books. You know, one of my clients, Shonda Whitworth, we've been working with her for a while. She published this book all about unlock the writer within and this is her coaching program right here, as she provides this value on how to conquer overwhelm and get people's books written. There's Shonda right there, and it's amazing seeing her be able to go from somebody who didn't know how to get an offer up to being able to just thrive and get hundreds of leads and clients coming in every single month in her business, and people signing up and becoming clients to work with her. You know, it's amazing. Like my client, Kim, she was in the real estate market during a down market, and she was able to build her business over $15,000 a month to be able to get clients in her coaching program all about real estate or like Ian Carroll, he was able to scale his coaching program to over $40,000 a month using exactly what we're showing you right here, this process. So whether you're just starting out, whether you're brand new to building your business, this process will work by being able to find who are those people, and what we do is on social media. Now that we know what the topic is, we can go ahead and we can either create organic content in the form of Instagram reels, we could do again, YouTube videos. We could do photo posts with texts. But you can also do paid advertising. And so this could be in the form of low cost Instagram ads, Facebook ads, even X has ads. Tiktok these are some of the best ads platforms that we that we're using right now. These four right here for coaches. And so what you can do is you figure out what is that topic that I help people around, and you can create an ad campaign around this. And what's awesome is AI can actually help you come up with exactly what you say in the ad campaign. It'll actually help you come up with exactly how to say it, how to get more clients. And so again, I actually have another bonus training that I've thrown into the bottom of here, all about how to get more clients with Facebook ads that I've thrown in as a bonus for you on here. Okay, so be sure to check that out as well if you want to know how to use advertising to be able to get clients. That's a bonus where I'm going to walk you through the process of creating the ads. What is that process to be able to do? So how do we use AI to be able to do so I think you're really going to like this, and I think it's going to provide you a ton of value to be able to go through. Okay, so at the end of the day, take what you offer, take your coaching business, and what you can do is you build out an irresistible offer something that you can market to get people to sign up on your email list. So what you need are these steps. You need to write the sales copy. Okay, so sales copy are the words that are on the page that actually get people to buy from you. For instance, here is sales copy for a free ebook about artificial intelligence stocks, artificial intelligence stocks. This is sales copy that that we were able to write

[308:23] Speaker 0: for this business right here, and this is able to scale this business to over $100,000 a month writing a sales copy. Then you create an offer where people can get access to it by giving their name and email address. Then once somebody signs up, they can get immediate access to that offer. Then from there, you want to invite people into whatever coaching program or paid program that you're offering. So you want to write the sales copy. You want to build out a landing page, okay? And you want to capture email addresses and for. Here, these three stages are really the part that I that I find are where we put a lot of our focus in our marketing is developing those different pieces, knowing exactly who we're trying to reach. How do we communicate with them in the right way? And then what this does is we can start promoting this with organic content or with paid advertising to send people to this offer. And then on the back end of this is where people can access those videos, the video that we send them, the video that provides the training, the transformation, the information that they're looking for. And then from there, in the video, once people access the video you can sell them on your program. Okay, and so that's exactly what we do inside of my client growth accelerator program, as I work with you to dial in,

[335:17] Speaker 0: who are you marketing to how do we communicate to them in the right way?

[338:13] Speaker 0: What are we going to sell them, and how do we promote it to those people? And when we're able to do this, we're able to dial in our niche. By doing this, we're able to figure out exactly what our offer is, how we're going to sell it. We figure out what our landing pages and our lead magnets are, and then we learn how to sell in a powerful, non salesy way. And what this does is this creates consistent income, this creates massive trans formation, and overall, this will create clarity to know exactly what to do in your business so that you have true financial freedom and time freedom. That's what's in the middle there, financial and time freedom. And so again, what I'd love to do is I'd love to work with you inside of our accelerator program to become a part of your success strategy. To be able to do that, go check out the training below. On the side there, click on the side and go watch the video all about how we're able to add over $100,000 a month, 10 to 20 brand new clients in our business each month. And in there, I'm going to give you a chance and an opportunity to be able to jump in there with us and actually try our accelerator program out and see if it's a good fit for you. Okay, so listen. Have a great Black Friday. Make sure to go check out the bonus trainings below.

[365:46] Speaker 0: How do you put your ads together? How do you plan to map out your course or program? And then how do you the the accelerator training? I think that one's the most valuable one, the the accelerator training, which

[368:27] Speaker 0: was where I break down with my clients the entire process of writing the best sales copy. What do you say? How do you say it? How do you close the sales honestly? Like that video alone, it's worth like, 10 grand. It really should be, if I can put a price tag on it. Okay? And then for the rest of you, I'd love to see you in my accelerator program to work with you to start to get more results in your business. We'll talk soon. Have a good one. Bye.

