Email Writing - Lesson 1
Date: 2024-11-03T03:01:32.000Z
Duration: 20 min
Otter ID: 7HhmulZHqwF9M_Pkzz0eiaU_jjE
---

[0:07] Speaker 0: All right, well, I'm excited to start this course all about email writing. Had a number of people ask about this in the members area, we do have a number of courses all on email marketing, follow up, marketing funnel, strategy. A lot of what we teach in this program is all about growing your email list. It's one of the number one core pillars of this program, growing your email list, getting more more leads, more lead flow, more people that you can message. And so that's integral to what we talk about here in this program. But what I found is a lot of people still say, I don't know what to send. I don't know how to write the right emails. I don't know what to say in those emails. And so that's what we're going to do in this course is it's just going to be based on what do you say, how do you say it? What are the things that you say in the emails? We got courses on using MailChimp, mailer, light, different softwares, and those break down the nuances of all of those. This one's just going to be about writing the emails. And where I write the emails. I use two tools, and that's it, Google Docs and AI, I use a Claude 3.5 sonnet at the time of this recording. Anything above 3.5 Claude is going to be great to use. That's by anthropic.com and so that's the Claude AI. Claude.ai which is just an incredible model for writing emails. You can get access to it from claude.ai or you can use a tool like I like to use, like abacus.ai which gives you access to a number of different AI tools in their chat, LLM teams, software and so yes, GPT four. Oh, is is great, but it's not the best at writing emails. Claude sonnet 3.5 which is, we'll get it the one at the time of this recording. It might be called something different in the future, but just you're looking for Claude from anthropic and something above 3.5 if they have a 4.0 that's going to be even better. But Claude is the one that you want to use, and so it's because these AIs, here's why I recommend Claude. I use GPT four, oh, for almost all of my sales copy and Facebook ads. Actually, we're using metas, llama more for Facebook ads. The AIS are trained on different information, and they are are geared towards certain different things. And in our testing, we've noticed a lot of the AIS aren't that great at writing emails the way they need to be written. But except for Claude, which is, like, out of the box, incredible when it comes to writing email marketing. So it's like, super amazing using Claude, any other AI is kind of just like small potatoes compared to Claude. Would recommend using it. Here's the cool thing with AI, they all the way you use them all works the same. And so it's all about just prompting you give it the right information, and it outputs what you want for you. Okay, so that's what I'm going to break down. Here is how we're able to use Claude to be able to create some of the best emails for us. But I want to take a step back for a second, and I want to give you what I think is one of the number one piece of advice when it comes to email marketing is have an email account. You know how we have like email accounts? They receive all these different emails from people, from marketers have an email account that is dedicated towards spam. Email, basically it's it's dedicated towards marketing emails from marketers, from people who are marketing to you. They're trying to sell to you. They're trying to send stuff to you for you to buy. And so I have an email account that I use that's that's that right here, 15 years of Gmail history, which is hilarious. I literally have this account is 15 years old, and I have emails in here from every single source, and then you can even see their sorted promotions social if it makes it to the primary folder, that means that it's written in a way that the spam filters don't grab. And so I can click on any number of these emails at any time. These are just from yesterday, literally and today, that's from October 31 and I could just go back day after day after day and find emails that are written by marketers that are sending just incredible content that I can dive into and look at and and pull ideas from anytime that I want to I can pull up an email that is going to give me just incredible information that's going to help me know exactly how to write better emails to send. To my email list. And so that's the number one tip that I would say. Now, how do you get on these different email lists? Well, you click on ads every email list that I'm on over here, I've clicked on an ad from Facebook for coaches. Usually they're either in my niche or they're in other niches. They're in other industries, and I will literally click on those ads, and I will go through them, and then I can see, okay, what offers are being sent to people, what emails are being sent to people, what is being sent in email marketing from these different marketers. If I want to find just what one person is sending in an email, I can copy their email address from here. Let's say I just want to see, I just want to see everything that Eileen Wilder is sending. Okay, I can go right here, type in Eileen Wilder's name, and now look at I have all of the emails that Eileen Wilder has sent me to this inbox pretty much since the beginning of time. And then what I'm looking for is it's like, okay, you can kind of get cross eyed by this. What I'm looking for when I want to write an email and I want to come up with a good subject lines as I'll scroll through and I'll see which ones stop me, which ones give me a pause. This one's good. No list. No problem. Okay, so now I'm going to see what the email is about. One of those kind of questions asked, Is it on a big list? Who's going to buy my offer. So right here, literally, is another great email that could be used for a live event that's being sent out to that email list. Okay, how does $60,000 a four hour sound? You might be wondering this, the length of the master class depends on the number of factors I'll walk you through step by step how to create one here. And then it takes you to an offer of some kind where you can sign up, can purchase this offer, and that's it. And so here's equally what this gives me. I can see offers that people are marketing, and I can see how they are writing their emails that are being sent out and and having an account like what I have here, that's just full of emails. What I would recommend is sign up for as many of your competitors that are in similar they don't have to be your same industry, they don't have to be the same niche. They don't have to be the same product years, but as many people that are in a similar niche or industry as yours, now, how do you get to see those? Okay, I'm going to give you a great example. Start going around the internet and looking at content on as many websites as possible around the topic that you want to learn from. So if I look up female hormone replacement, Okay, number one, I can see who is marketing. I can see sponsored right here. Okay, I click on that, and then what I'm looking for is, since I have the meta pixel here, okay, so they they're running Facebook ads. They're being pixeled. So now, if I click through the website, if I click through their site for a little bit, let's say that I want to see ads for this industry, specifically around menopause care. There's a company that I consult that we're helping with this product, a sim, not this product, but a similar industry, okay? And so I'm able to look at and I'm able to see, okay, what is being offered in this I can, I can look at a Facebook group right here. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to get immersed in following, okay, I'm going to follow their social media page. I'm going to start engaging with some of their content. Now, I'm not a woman, so I might not see ads still for them, but let's say that I was a woman, and it was what will end up happening is by liking content, I'm clicking like on content on social media, I'm going through pages that's just one website. I would recommend going to like 10 different websites. This one has Facebook pixel right there. Amazing. Okay, great, and click here. This is telehealth company right there. Okay,

[149:21] Speaker 0: I can click on that. Let me look up join MIDI, MIDI health. Okay, I'm going to click on MIDI health. I'm going to follow MIDI health.

[152:38] Speaker 0: And now I can see what content by liking their content, what ads they are going to promote. I can also see, okay, is this page running ads? And then you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, I thought this was about emails. I'm gonna tell you why we're doing this. Okay, this page is currently running ads. Okay, great. So now what I can do, I'm. I will look through the ads that are being ran by these different pages.

[163:04] Speaker 0: I'll click on them, and then what I can do is I can actually opt in

[165:14] Speaker 0: and sign up for an offer Sally Sue and put my email address in here for my email account. I might not put a real phone number if I don't want phone calls. Okay,

[175:28] Speaker 0: all right, and so what this does is I'm signing up now, can you confirm that these are correct? Self pay initial visit? Confirm self pay by clicking this, I can finish the booking. Okay, now, immediately, what's going to happen is I am now opted in to an email list for this company right here,

[184:24] Speaker 0: for what they are offering, for what they are doing, okay, and so as a part of this, that's

[188:33] Speaker 0: funny, well, I don't want them to, like, actually try to charge me for this. They probably will $55 if you cancel. So what that does now is the email address that I signed up for. I'm gonna now start getting marketing emails from that company. And since I opted in, and they use the Facebook pixel, it tells Facebook now, as I start to do this, that I'm interested in that market, in that industry, and I might, I might maybe use my mom's account for that too, or my wife's or something like that, if I want to see it for female specific ads, but either way, now I can see what emails they are sending, and I'm able to join email lists of others that are in those different industries, to be able to find that and to be able to learn from that. And then what we're able to do is we're able to take these emails and we're able to copy these into AI like Claude and have it, write it. Watch this, rewrite the following email. I'm going to take Eileen Wilder's email right here. I'm gonna say, rewrite the following email to promote a women's hormone replacement therapy. Course. Okay, so it's not even the same industry, but I can tell it to rewrite that other email, and I'm going to prompt Claude to rewrite the following email to promote a women's hormone replacement therapy course. This is the email from Eileen Wilder right here. But what Claude is going to do is it's going to take the cadence of this email and it's going to rewrite it for hormone replacement. Are you ready to expand your expertise in women hormone replacement therapy and transform your practice? I'm excited to share how a recent participant generated $60,000 in revenue implementing our master class strategies in one intensive session. Okay, let's say this rewrite the email above as a direct to consumer email, same tone and cadence to promote an event and offer to become a patient Okay, so now it's going to write it from a different perspective, from a patient perspective. Okay, are you tired of feeling exhausted, foggy, not yourself. I'm thrilled to share one of our recent patients, Sarah transformed her life after attending our hormone health master class. Like many women, she thought she'd just have to live with it, until she discovered the power of hormone optimization. Join us for this event. Choose the the session that works best for you. The best part, women who attend this typically report feeling like themselves again within a few weeks of treatment. Okay, first 20 participants receive complimentary consultation valued at $250 so the idea is it was able to take that original email that was written that had almost nothing to do with that, and we were able to use Claude to write a new email based on that. Maybe I don't like this email. May I want to say I want to make this more persuasive and around a. Top pain point these women deal with to promise one big outcome, okay? And these are just different ways that I might use Claude to write emails right here. Okay, tired of feeling tired, get your energy back without another cup of coffee. Remember when you can make it through the day without feeling completely drained by 2pm if you're like most women I've talked to, you probably dealing with all the cups coffee to to function every energy boosting supplement on the market, going to bed earlier, cutting sugar and changing your diet, even expensive miracle vitamin that did nothing, you're still dragging yourself through each day wondering why nothing seems to work. Here's what nobody tells you, it's not your fault. It's not in your head. Your fatigue is real. There's a scientific reason why all these solutions aren't working. Okay? And so right here, we're able to take that and use Claude to help us write an email that we could send out to promote an event or an offer or something else through that Okay, so that's just one way to use it. I'm going to show you a couple of other ways that we use AI to write email marketing. I want to show you some of the different best practices for writing email marketing, how we want to write the best emails. Here's my goal with this is I want you to walk away from this course feeling really confident with sending email because you need to be emailing your list at least once a day, if not more, even twice a day is okay, because by doing so, you're able to stay top of mind in front of the right people, and then when they come into your ecosystem, you're able to build trust much deeper with people by being that person, that trusted resource, that they think of When it comes to building their business, when it comes to getting these results with their health, when it comes to helping them with their mental health, or with their dating life, or whatever, that is okay and so you want to be consistent with emails. You want your emails to be persuasive. You want them to be effective. And that's why we want to sign up for direct response marketing emails from different companies that write direct response marketing messages. You want to be able to look at those emails like the ones I have in my swipe file. Here, that email account is a swipe file. It's all different emails from different companies that have that that are marketing to people that then we can take these emails and we can see, okay, what are they sending out? Let me, let's just say I want to do Amy Porterfield right here. Here's Amy porterfield's emails. I can see all the emails that she has sent out to her list. And listen, I've looked through a lot of these. I've I've even used some of them myself for some of them. They're great. I want to honor your Monday inbox. I'm going to keep this short. I spent the summer hooked on Olympic coverage, the determination, all that amazing free master class, right? So I take this I'm going to say, write an email based on the above topic. Sorry, I didn't have the screen share. So what I did was I was pulling up in my email account my swipe file to Amy Porterfield. I pulled up Amy Porterfield, and then I clicked on an email right here, an olympic size story for you. And then I'm able to copy this in the Claude, and I'm gonna say write an email based on the above topic, but use the following as a framework for the tone, style and cadence. Okay,

[298:41] Speaker 0: when I need to raise the inbox, I'll keep it short last week talking about Sarah, mom of three, who used to hit the afternoon wall so hard she'd hide in her car during her lunch breaks. In fact, it struck me that many of us have the same exhausting story. There's a third cup of coffee by noon, the brain fog during important meetings, the guilty feeling that we're too tired to play with our kids after work. You see, the desire to feel alive again must be stronger than accepting this as your new normal. It's amazing. It's actually a great, great email for that topic, right there. Okay, and so that's exactly what how we can do that with AI. And then what I would do is I would go in and I would start to rewrite whatever the AI is writing. And then what this does is it allows you to develop your own tone, your own style, your own cadence, to see, okay, what are the best practices for writing emails. You want to use the AI as a guide to see what are the best ways to write emails. What's the best tonality to use? How do we show up really well with people with these emails. And then this allows you to connect in the inbox, treat the inbox if it's another platform, it's another platform just like Facebook, just like Instagram, just like YouTube. It's a platform where you get to show up in front of the right people at the right time with the right messaging to give them a call to action or something. So. Draws them to the thing that you help them with. And that's why AI can help you do this. That's why Claude can help you do this. That's why having a swipe file of emails from marketers, from competitors, to be able to pull from ideas and then have the AI rewrite those, and then you can then adjust and tweak those to match your style. Within minutes, you can have exceptional emails. Okay, we're going to dive deeper into this in the next lesson, and I'm going to break down all the different nuances that you're going to want to know. So stick around so.

