CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-01-29T20:35:06.000Z
Duration: 122 min
Otter ID: ILNaa2e4qDdUVNaVZgHJ50QypT8
---

[0:40] Speaker 0: All righty Hello hello hello welcome on in today into our live training

[6:11] Speaker 1: training all right awesome

[9:58] Speaker 0: Aloha. Hello Hello Welcome on in everybody come one come all enter into the mentorship room. How are y'all doing? How are we doing today, I hope you're doing well. Hope you're having a great time here today I'm excited for today

[17:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm excited to connect with you, I'm excited to to share a message that's been on my heart for this group for a little while now for a couple of days, we've got a few people still logging in, we're streaming live in the group today is the start of my five day intensive. So I have to get going right at the top of the hour. Right before that. So but we'll be here for at least till. Um, the past two weeks have been really interesting both for me. And for what we've talked about here in this group. And I'm excited about that. Because every time that breakthrough happens in, okay, let me talk about this for you as a coach and a mentor. Every breakthrough that you have, is something that you can then teach your clients and you'll be able to give them an actual action plan for oftentimes. That's why simply teaching had knowledge based stuff, stuff that we know about stuff that we read in the book doesn't help because it lacks the emotion of what really happens and what really goes on. And so this past week was interesting as the first time that I watched my son, by myself while my wife was gone, and still built our business, still did a webinar still have launched our intensive and things like that. And so again, I don't say that to like, brag and say, well look at me, I can do it all. That's not what I'm saying at all. In fact, I'm not a big fan of the idea of burnout and killing yourself to be successful in business at all.

[47:10] Speaker 0: In fact, it's one of my core values, I refuse to work that hard, ever. Because there's way smarter ways to work. Now, at the same time, I actually love working really hard, what happens for me is I kind of almost get into the hard work. And it becomes almost a way for me to seek safety and security. And if I just put in a little bit of extra work, I can make sure that this is going to happen. And this is going to come together for me and things like that. But for most of us, we don't have the time to do that. Right. We don't have the time to be able to spend a poring over all of these things to make sure that we have learned everything and that it's perfect. And you know, in a program like this, it becomes very, very easy to become overwhelmed with maybe all the different live calls and the trainings and things like that. And, and, and I get it. And that's why you know, we're developing even out like a starting track for people to be able to start really well, when they come in here. Our Fast Start Training calls super good help for that. Anytime I do a five day intensive, the five day intensive really is sort of the on ramp and maybe you went through one a year ago with me. I'm doing one this week. It's all brand new content. I've never taught it before. Completely different perspective. It's the same title and name as the five day I did like two months ago, but what I'm teaching is like not even like apples to oranges the same at all. Um, because I'm marketing this to people who have not ever heard of me before. So the hook that I'm using is really good. But I'm refining the content much more and so Okay, so the five day this week is gonna be a good one. I think if you want to plug into some of that, that's great. And you're like Wait a sec, I don't need more content. I just need the strategies Jeremiah, can you give me the strategies of what to do, can I tell you this? That oftentimes, one of the biggest things that actually stops us from the success that we're looking for financially, because I really believe that if you're in here you can become financially successful is probably one of the hardest things about building a business.

[87:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And it's also one of the most normal things. It's overwhelmed. It's feeling overwhelmed by all the stuff that I have to do all the stuff that I have to learn all the stuff that I have to get ready. And you know, I was talking to a guy yesterday, I'm not going to touch too much on my conversation with him. It didn't end well, let's put it that way. He ended it with

[93:57] Speaker 0: a lot of really sort of criticism about what we teach in this program. And he said that, in fact, I should teach people to lean into overwhelm and overwhelm themselves even more basically. And that to not do so would be hurting my clients because I'm not giving them truth. And I'm like, bro, you're messed up in the head. First off, because you never coached anybody, you don't understand that simplifying things is actually the path to success. And I didn't tell him that he was messed up in that, but honestly, like, I, okay, let me explain how I have context to say that a little bit, he has told me that he deals with some certain psychological issues. And one of them is that perfectionism when it comes to absorbing knowledge, basically, he was like, I've read over 500 books in the last month. And so I know way more than anybody else out there. And if anybody can't read 500 books, they shouldn't even consider themselves worthy of being a coach or mentor. That's what his like, that's, that's not healthy thinking, as far as that goes. And he was arguing this, this idea that we have to become preferred proficient students have every aspect of our business before we ever put it out there. And that taking risk is the most wrong thing that you could do. And that if I teach people to take risks, that I'm actually intentionally harming my clients. That's what he told me. And he came in here, basically, to tell me that he's on a mission to destroy me and my business. And so I politely told him, here's the thing, dude, like, I've had a lot of people tell me that before, and you're not going to be able to first off as well, you've never actually built. So he has built, he's told me he's built somebody else's business to like $30 million. But he was never the CEO and founder it was somebody else's company. So again, like I respect that, I think he's really smart. I think he's really knowledgeable, right? But not a healthy like, person, right? Does that make sense? But you want to know what happens. His thinking is very reminiscent of the inner self criticism that many of us have inside of us. You know, it might not be as extreme as his thinking. But like, if I could put like, embody the inner critic of the coach and mentor, it would be this guy right here. And I like I didn't tell him that, but I'm just like, I'm using this as such an example to you. He's gone. By the way, he's gone through every podcast that I've ever done, and told me and reported on it. He has gone through every five day intensive I've done and all of my content so he actually knows my system backwards and forwards. And this has been his conclusion is that Jeremiah, you are unethical and you're defrauding people, and that you need to stop if you know what's good for you. And he even threatened me with like, there's this guy, his name is coffee Zylon on YouTube, who exposes frauds in the coaching industry. And he's like, You better watch your back. You know, before coffee Zilla gets you and exposes you to the world, and I'm just like, not afraid of that. And they'll and when I talk about not being afraid of other people's negativity and criticism and things like that, like that's what I mean by that, like you need to come face to face with somebody who's going to try to put you out of business and have confidence that it does not bother you at all. It doesn't deregulate you. It doesn't mess with your self belief at all. I'll tell you this, it actually did mess with my self belief for about an hour. And then I read and then I recalibrated myself. I worked on what that was because what it was was he was tapping into my own inner critic that tells me a lot of the same things all the time of what people are thinking about me in the marketplace. You're never going to please everybody in your business. Okay? You have to set realistic, manageable goals for yourself that you can actually accomplish. And that looks different for everybody that looks different for every coach and mentor out there, you know, for me with my son, and my wife is different than Well, this guy, he's, he told me that he's been in social isolation for two years and has no friends either. So, um, kind of reminds me of, and he says, he almost feels like a super villain in a superhero movie, that nobody recognizes his genius. And I'm like, Wow, that's so interesting, because that's kind of the energy you're putting off as like, you know, a supervillain a little bit. But like, he was so confident that he has the supreme perspective on how to do things, and that it all worked for him. And here's what I'm telling you all. Having the supreme perspective on everything that you're doing in your coaching, business, understanding everything is not going to help you make any money. Because here's the thing I meet people like him all the time, they have taken and learned every lesson does they have the time to and yet they are no further along financially than any of you are in their business. And that's not that all of you are failing, or I know there are some people in here, you're not failing financially, you're making six figures. So understand that, that I understand that you might be successful even financially. But like in your coaching, and course business, right? Are you selling 10,000 20,000 $30,000? If you are, I'd love to talk with you, I'd love to chat with you, if you're already making 30,000 a month with your coaching business, because that might be you might be a good candidate for some of my one on one coaching. Because to be able to take you to seven figures, you know, there's a different game that you're gonna end up having to play to go to 50,000 and $100,000 month, it's a different game at that level. But for everybody who's kind of here, I just kind of want to set the stage. How many of y'all want to at least be making $30,000 a month in a coaching or course business while only working five to 10 hours a week? Right? Like, that's awesome, that all y'all are? Like, that'd be pretty cool, right? Tiffany? How many stocks Could you buy with that? You know, you could you could literally take 10% of that and add $3,000 to your portfolio every month. Right? in a year's time, you'd have $36,000 in your portfolio. In three years, you'd have over $100,000 and with what you know, in my mom's stocks community, I bet you'd be able to grow that to half a million. Like this is not rocket science when you break it down at that level. But I want to I want to I want to share this with you because I don't want any of y'all to feel

[205:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: so my statement this is not rocket science may sound dismissive to some of you that may be feel overwhelmed by technology. Right I don't want to ever be dismissive of that that pain I think that that is so such a very real reality and honestly like I just want to say from the

[209:58] Speaker 0: from the bottom of my heart that I'm sorry for people that have made you feel stupid for not understanding technology

[212:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to say from the bottom of my heart that I'm sorry for people that made you feel like this guy was trying to make me feel about my business telling you that you're not good enough that you're not doing good enough and

[218:37] Speaker 0: and maybe it maybe I have made some of you feel that way. I apologize if I have okay. It's not been my intention, my intention is for you to be super successful. Financially, do so without overwhelming yourself do so without re traumatizing yourself. And sometimes we come into spaces like this, these coaching spaces and we can almost end up getting re traumatized by what is even taught and coached and things like that. And so I want to just share this with you, that I that I that I have in the last two to three weeks. I've gone on a journey

[232:13] Speaker 0: interestingly enough, it's not been as much of a journey with God. He's been there with me, I'm just gonna I'm just gonna be level with you. It was not a huge prayer journey. The prayer I probably I probably should bring prayer more into it if I'm being honest. But I actually went more I like like a self journey to figure out like, what is stopping me from getting my clients results better?

[240:22] Speaker 0: And the number one thing that came up was these people are hurting because technology is hard. And they don't need to be told that they don't know how to do it or that they're stupid or that they don't understand anything.

[244:53] Speaker 0: They need somebody that says, I see you, I understand you, and it's gonna be okay. But I'm gonna walk with you through this.

[248:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I've had an amazing time. I actually did like for one on one coaching calls in the last week. That's interesting. Whenever I do one on one coaching calls and like a big chunk like that, I find a deeper level of like, the humanity of the people that I'm working with, you know, Dorothy, right here, we had an amazing one on one coaching call. And I was able to show Dorothy, this incredible vision of can I share with them when I showed you?

[255:15] Speaker 2: Yeah, sure. Yeah. Yeah, go for it. Okay,

[256:16] Speaker 0: so I had this sort of idea. While I was while I was talking with Dorothy, about a guy who really has built a similar brand to what she's trying to create. But for her to Dorothy of fire more authentically for her. And his name is Aubrey Marcus right here. And Aubrey Marcus. He's a, he's a spiritual teacher, philosopher, leader, he hosts, he's got a podcast, he does these amazing retreats, he calls it fit for service, this idea of leaning into being physically fit, mentally fit emotionally, spiritually, romantically, financially. And honestly, like, his content is really incredible to kind of, you know, take take a look at this. And so I told Dorothy, I was like, take a look at this. And I want you to envision yourself as like, if you were doing what they're doing right here in your business, what would that look like and start to get a vision for what that looks like. And that's one thing that I want to share with you right now, is I want you to detach the idea of how much money you need to make from your business real quick, I understand that that's an important factor. And I understand that it's, it's a big part of what we teach in this program. But can I tell you this, you're gonna get there by actually removing it from the next step that I want to take you through here right now, is I want you to start to visualize what your life looks like if money was not an issue. If money was not a problem, if finances was not a problem to some of you, it's hard to go there mentally, because it is such a problem. So I understand that. And so here's let's take it step by step. Maybe it's not that money isn't an issue, but maybe it's less of an issue today, then, or less of an issue tomorrow, less of an issue in what you're going to imagine that it is today. That this where it called, it's about like a real, like, I actually think about having what is a realistic vision? And what feels like you can do it for yourself. What do you believe you are capable of right now, because I can tell you this. Number one, we can always expand our beliefs on what we're capable of over time, like today, I believe that I'm far more actually capable, and confident in what I do than I did 10 years ago. Now. 10 years ago, 15 years ago, I had a vision for what I'm doing here today.

[299:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really did. That was the first time I had a spark of that. But I had no clue how to monetize it. And my my need for other people's approval was so much greater than financial success. That, you know, I had this belief that, you know, I'll never do anything to make money that people dislike.

[306:41] Speaker 0: Well, the truth is, people are, you can't control people like that. It's not our job to manage what other people think about us. And oftentimes, we think that if we just make everything structured, right, and we understand all the pieces, that it will somehow work better, than it'll be more effective that will reach our goals faster. If those things are all are all in order. Can I tell you this? Here's what's interesting, and this there's some brain science behind this I don't fully understand the brain science pieces of it. So what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to refer to perplexity and I want to see if I can find an article on this. Can you find me an article about the brain science be hind needing to do everything right and perfect versus creativity and letting go those needs what is going on in the brain that unlocks create creativity during moments. Okay

[328:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I'm asking perplexity, what I want to understand is the cognitive processes, neurotransmitters, and brain regions around us as it relates to these different topics right here. Okay? Brain science around perfectionism and creativity involves various cognitive processes. Let's, let's simplify this here real quick. Can you simplify? Because I don't even understand how this can you simplify this down to a fourth grade reading level? To understand?

[337:17] Speaker 0: Much simpler. Okay. Some of y'all might understand this. This looks like Greek to me, I can't, I can't, I don't understand it at all. So I'm not even gonna like pretend like I do.

[341:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is how I love to use AI to be able to do this. Okay, simplifying this, right here. And when I say for a fourth grader, it's not that any of you are stupid, it's that this is what our like, our level of comprehension is much better at this level. Our brain is like the boss of our body, okay, it helps us think, solve problems. Sometimes people want to do everything perfectly. They might feel upset if they make a mistake, or something isn't right. This can make it hard to try new things or be creative. Being creative is letting your brain play and explore like drawing a picture without worrying how it looks exactly like the real thing. Or making up a story. That's totally from your imagination. You know, I said, I, I pre recorded the session for today's five day intensive last night. I did I did it after my baby went down and and I said something in there, I'm gonna tell you right now. Time for make believe is the strategic unlock for sales in your business? And I often meet people who they're like, Well, this is a professional setting, I can't operate out of delusional thinking that's not reality based rar. Okay, so like, I understand that, and I understand the spirit of excellence and what's based around truth. When we let go of needing to be perfect, our brain can have fun and come up with cool new ideas. This is because our brain isn't worried about making mistakes. How does this relate to learning technology and doing hard things with technology?

[370:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what I love about perplexity, why perfectionism is the foe of creativity you can see look at there's all these articles now that it's pulling from, with Sources and Citations and all this learning technology and doing hard things with tech can be influenced by a balance between perfectionism and creativity. Perfectionism can hinder learning new tech, because of the fear of making mistakes, and it slows down the learning process. Okay? On the other hand, operating out of creativity, which comes from that place of like, make believe and fun and being able to try things out. It's a powerful tool for learning because it allows us to be creative. Without, and it's okay to make mistakes. That's the thing, you have to become okay with making mistakes. And so creating sort of a sandbox environment with yourself, where you're able to do this, explain this now, for coaches and mentors. And actually, here's how I've been using chat GPT. And all this is I'll take this, and I'm going to go in here and I'm going to say, explain the following information at a sixth grade reading level for adults that are over the age of 50 years old. Don't make this kid related, who are overwhelmed with technology who want to learn better. Okay, so we're gonna I wanted to explain some of these concepts here real quick. And this is how I've been using chat JBT to actually teach myself things. Okay, so some people like to do everything just right without making mistakes. This is called being a perfectionist like wanting to color inside the lines all the time. Right, I measure twice and then cut once type mindset.

[397:10] Speaker 0: When we think creatively, we're willing to color outside the lines to make up whatever it is we let our mind wander and come up with new ideas. When we're trying to be perfect part of our brains really busy making sure that we're trying to not make mistakes. And the root of that is usually survival. It's usually based around, needing to make sure that we survive, right? If we do all the things perfectly, we're gonna be able to eat tonight, we won't die, a predator won't get us a nap, our boss won't fire us, our parent won't ground us, our aunt or uncle will abuse us, you get what I'm saying here. That's where that mindset comes from. If I just do everything perfect, I can be safe. And so then when we go out there with technology, many people feel victimized by technology.

[411:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So here's what's interesting, is when you're learning about trauma and setting boundaries around those that have abused you, I think sometimes we end up setting a boundary around technology because we think of it as an abuser.

[415:06] Speaker 0: And we end up avoiding doing the things with technology, because we don't want to put ourselves into situations that trigger that fight or flight response in us because it feels just like a human abuser, especially with AI that now can communicate with us this way does that does that I don't know if this is resonating with anybody. And understanding how the brain science behind this works, that when we start going out there to build our funnels and our landing pages, we end up literally, physiologically feeling the same way that we would around a person that has abused and mistreated us. So that what ends up happening is we end up having the same response, I need to do everything perfect to please them, to make sure to not risk things to make sure to not make mistakes to make sure that it doesn't take my money to make sure that it doesn't make me feel stupid to make sure that I don't make mistakes to make sure that I don't, gosh, I don't want to mess any of my clients up even because I did something wrong, right? I don't want to offend my clients. Now the technology is causing a lot of this as well. You know, sometimes this can happen, let's say that you do a zoom call. And the audio doesn't work. And now somebody writes you a message and says, Wow, I could never trust a coach that can't get their audio figured out. And now you have a person that's projecting this idea of perfectionism on you to see how this gets into our head. And then when we go out there to build our funnel, we started operating from this place. And then you got me saying it's simple, and it's easy. And y'all are like Jeremiah, you're on crack. It's not simple and easy. Can you just simplify it and make it easier for us? Can you show us how to make it much simpler? As far as that goes? Am I saying that we project our trauma onto digital tools. So we don't have to process and work through it? Well, what it is, is that it ends up getting us to the place where we are

[449:35] Speaker 0: very hesitant and timid. And walk on eggshells with the digital tools is what it is.

[451:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so I want you to think about a person that you feel like you have to walk on eggshells around. Because you don't know what's gonna happen. Are they a loose cannon that's gonna blow up at you? Cause like, things like that? Have you ever experienced anybody like that in your life at all before? Right? Maybe you might be that person, for other people, where other people have to walk on eggshells around you. You know, I'll tell you this vulnerably I spent so much time around people to walk on eggshells around, I ended up becoming that for a lot of people.

[460:02] Speaker 0: And it was because I ended up modeling some of the bad behavior that I had noticed that even other people at operated it. And this is why now people feel like they have to walk on eggshells around me. And that's why they they write me a letter saying Jeremiah, you're unsafe to learn from. You're not a good coach, you shouldn't be coaching people. You need to work on your stuff before you're ever qualified to do that. And I'll tell you this, I'm the first to tell you I mess up and I make mistakes and I'm not perfect. And yet, I still build a successful coaching business. And I'm not afraid of because that's the thing, like I'll have that happen. I'll have people that like their therapists or stuff like that, and they'll come into my free trainings.

[471:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: And they'll tell me that I'm I am violating a lot of the rules for coaching. Because I'm such an unsafe person to learn from. As far as that goes, well, here's the thing. I'm not certified as a coach in anything at all. I'm just pulling from my experience. So I'm not claiming to be

[478:05] Speaker 0: part of that. But what I find is that sometimes when I work with certain people that maybe they're a therapist, they're operating out of a lens of okay, I need to do it. Everything based on the boundaries of what I've been taught. And then I'm teaching you to, quote unquote, play, make believe, with your marketing. And there's a little bit of a disconnect there. When it comes to the safety and security with other people. What are the risks of that? Can I Can I ask you that? What are the risks? Let's think about that. And that and there's a chat GBT prompt that actually developed yesterday to really explore this if I was to play, make believe, with my clients and made them a guinea pig to do a test run with and I recklessly released an offer that might not work and produce results for 100% of the people who buy it, right. What are the risks involved in releasing this to the public, even if I'm fully transparent about the fact that it is under development, and we are improving it over time? And maybe releasing something that is only 20% of the way finished? And selling it for $2,000? Right, because you got to ask these questions right here. Reputation reputational damage if the product fails to meet customer expectations, it could severely damage your reputation and credibility in the marketplace negative reviews word of mouth. legal risks if it brings harm to people where they feel misled, they could pursue legal action against you. Even with disclaimers there are legal implications if the product is not as described. If the product doesn't work, you might face refund requests. chargebacks additional customer service costs, customer satisfaction, dissatisfied customers and even vocal critics may try to deter potential customers from you. Addressing the fallout from prematurely releasing a product including customer support issues, refunds and legal matters can consume significant time and resources that can be used for further development and market perception. Being known as releasing an unreleased product can make it difficult to build excitement and trust for future releases. They may become wary of your products and assume that they're always under developed and depending on the nature could be seen as unethical. To mitigate these, consider delaying the launch. offering it to a limited audience for free or at a reduced rate becoming transparent about it, releasing regular updates and feedback mechanism. Now here's what I will tell you. I think these three are great. I think this is somewhat great, but I don't like it. You know, I think getting feedback is important. We have to do that we're going to gather feedback, we're going to address issues. One of the biggest feedbacks that we've gotten over the last year about the accelerator program. Way too much content, I don't know where to start, I need a starting track. Okay. So we're developing resources and tools over the next six months to really address that even more to help people that are coming in here starting out as far as that goes. Because I don't want anybody to slip through the cracks and feel like I Jeremiah promised me this result. And he screwed me over and didn't deliver it to me, I got a message the other day from somebody who joined the accelerator for 30 days they've been by the way they've been engaging on all of the live q&a is and then they wrote me and they said, you know, Jeremiah, honestly, like, I still can't figure out my landing page. I think I think that you're a scam. And I'm like, okay, like, not like that's your opinion. I gave him a refund after the 30 days. And you know, and it's funny because he was like a really big proponent and fan of me it seemed like, as far as that goes, which is very interesting how people shift and their real colors come out what they think. So honestly, I think he was being dishonest for the last 30 days. Truly, I don't know, I could be wrong. Maybe he was trying to see if maybe if he buttered me up, I would change or something like that. I don't know. I don't want to assume the worst on that. But like the fact is, this person was not satisfied. Okay. I would not recommend delaying. Because of this. This is what your brain tells you to do to delay until things are better. Or to not charge enough for it because at least if I don't charge enough people won't get pissed off at me. You're even if you have free offers even if you don't charge enough, you're still gonna have people pissed off at you that the free content didn't deliver. I hosted a live training this week on Facebook ads I received a message that said, Jeremiah, you wasted 45 minutes of my time, I was nauseated and couldn't sit through the rest of it. And quite frankly, you should be ashamed of yourself. My background is in criminal justice. And I wish there was laws that could Let me lock you up. And that's what the person said, based around my webinar that I hosted on Saturday. And this was a life coach, and I looked up what she does and all that, honestly, I couldn't watch, I was like, I'm curious, I'm gonna watch, I'm gonna, I want to check out some of her videos. If, for some reason my skin crawled while I was listening to her talk. So I'm like, Okay, this is probably like a high level person that is used to using complaints and disappointment to control people. And even threats of fear to control people. Does that make sense? There are people that that's what they've learned in life, use threats, and violence to control people. How many y'all grew up with parents like that? How many y'all grew up with parents like that? You know, my dad was like that. But here's what's interesting, my mom didn't put up with it. So he became a passive putz that used very covert abuse tactics that were logic driven, that were actually very quiet that he was very quiet man.

[582:03] Speaker 0: But he was very abusive. And what was interesting was, he would blow up about once or twice a year and get violent.

[585:18] Speaker 0: I remember he picked me up and threw me against a stone wall, for telling him to not hit my mom. And he said, I will kill you next time you tell me that. That's what my dad told me. And I'm nine years old. So that's what I grew up around bullies like that, that have what's called nice guy syndrome. That's what it is. It's called nice guy syndrome. And by the way, some of y'all might not know what nice guy syndrome is. So nice guy syndrome is this concept that if I'm just nice enough to people, that I can get them to do what they want. But Don't piss me off, and I will kill you. And that's what it is, it really actually is the personality of most of the most dangerous people that hurt and abuse others, it's probably one of the most abusive personality types is nice guy and nice girl syndrome is this idea that if I just make everybody happy, and I'm nice enough, then I deserve them to do what I want. And if they don't do what I want, I'm gonna make them feel the same pain. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna make them hurt until they do it, I want. You know, I used to attract a lot of people like that, that were like my dad that were like that, in my life. I had I had a client that I worked with that was like that, I don't want to go, I don't want to go too much deeper into that. Because honestly, it's really painful for me to talk about and even think about, it is still to this day. But I don't tolerate people like that in my space. And generally, I've found that most of the people that are really angry with me that get angry with me online, they fit into that sort of passive aggressive, nice guy, nice gal category of that. And you know, one note I learned about myself, I learned that I was that way with some people. You know, I've mentioned that a few times, by the way, I've mentioned certain behaviors of how people are. And then afterwards, I've mentioned, the revelation that I realized that I have actually been that way with people before. That actually the very thing that I see as unsafe, I have also been with others.

[620:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's an incredible book that I actually read on that topic. It's called safe people, by Dr. Henry Cloud, and safe people by Dr. Henry Cloud is really one of the most masterfully written persuasive books on the planet. And it was written by a psychologist that understands how to help reveal tough concepts to people, how to find relationships that are good for you and avoid those that aren't. And you want to know what it revealed, it revealed that we attract what we are like,

[627:39] Speaker 0: we attract the very people that we are like, and that if you're spending time around Unsafe people it may be because you have some of that as well in you. And so I'm always looking at that as what are some of those areas that maybe I might be that way as far as that goes, okay. And so this is where now will we end up going into the coaching space. We struggled to market and sell in our business, because the energy that we're projecting to some people does not appear safe and trustworthy. Okay, so trust is the currency of online sales and marketing. The only way that I can get you to buy anything from me as if you trust me. Is this resonating with anybody? Is this making sense at all? Okay, you have to be able to build trust with people. You have to be able to learn how to not let these things come in the way of you connecting with people. Do you want to know how they come in the way of connecting with people? Some of y'all might be like, I don't think that I'm dealing with any of this, can I tell you how it often shows up, it shows up in your sales copy. It shows up in your Facebook ads, and it shows up in your presentations and your emails. Because it shows up in how you communicate with people. It might not show up as much in your actual coaching and mentoring. And that's something that I've actually found, I have found that a lot of really good coaches and mentors, they're really good at the mentoring of people. But when it comes to the communication of the marketing, and presenting and promoting of their business, they're dealing with all these issues over here. So they know how to mentor people really well hold safe space for people be a trusted ally and a resource. But when it comes to actually marketing and selling their business, it's almost like a Jekyll and Hyde like opposite personality. And again, this isn't some of what I might say that again, this might be coming across, like I'm being very critical. I'm not, you know, I discovered something this week about myself. Can I can I, I'm going to share a little bit of a vulnerable story with you. Before my wife went out of town, we were spending time with my son and I was having a really hard time zoning out and checking out emotionally while I was watching him. And what that does is that tells a child that they're not important

[672:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: that other things are more important than them. As far as that goes, when a parent can't hold space to be able to regulate because they can't regulate their emotions and things like that. And that's what I felt like with my own parents. And so now I've realized and come to the revelation that I am actually causing, in some ways, some some possibly could turn into a bit of a form of trauma, with my son, with the fact that I can't, for longer than like an hour spend time with him without completely checking out mentally. And my wife was very concerned about this. And she has pointed out ways that I can improve. She's not been critical at all, in fact, but here's what ends up happening my own inner critic. Anytime she's like, Hey, you're not paying attention to him. Can you? Can you not zone out right now. And what I ended up doing, like, here's how I manifest zoning out, I start playing with his toys over here while he's playing over here.

[687:46] Speaker 0: It's probably because I didn't get to do that when I was a kid. Anyways, but I'm the adult in this equation, right? So he's not hurt himself at all, or there's nothing that's happened with him, like that's heard himself. But sometimes he'll look to me to see if I'm noticing something. And I'm over here looking at something else, because I'm zoning out because it's too painful for me to pay attention. And so my wife pointed this out to me, she's like, Hey, like this is going on? Can you please like work on this. And immediately, I'm like, my immediately response is like sorry that I'm not perfect enough for you. Sorry that I'm not perfect enough to be the father of your son.

[701:45] Speaker 0: And I remember my dad saying that to my mom. You see how these cycles, we end up repeating them.

[704:36] Speaker 0: By the way, my wife never said anything about me not being perfect enough. In fact, like if I sit and hold space for that, and really breathe through it, she is really good at not being critical. But my own inner critic hears her recommendations and starts abusing me internally. So my wife says, Hey, you could do better than this. And instantly, it's you stopped, you're a bad dad, you're abusing your son. You don't deserve to be with him. You shouldn't even be here. And then I ended up processing that and I end up doing that. Can I tell you one of the biggest mistakes that we can make especially if we understand the way that this psychology works is we get really caught up ruminating in our head trying to get out of our triggers. And we end up feeling like okay, if I can just find peace and safety and security and everything is perfect, then I'll be able to be successful and oftentimes we believe that had knowledge and what we learned earned in courses and classes is what's gonna make us more successful. Right? Does that make sense. And then if I just make my landing page look better, then I can finally be successful with this stuff. But then we go into the cycle where it's like, oh my gosh, I feel victimized by the technology. And literally, this just becomes this loop to where I meet a lot of people. And they literally end up in this like hamster wheel. Of like, I know what I need to get done, I'm overwhelmed with the technology. I end up taking a break to process what's going on. Now I feel guilty because I haven't done what I need to. And then the cycle continues of guilt, shame, feeling like I'm not doing what I should feeling like, I need to learn more things, feeling like I'm not good enough. And all of that. And our brain literally gets caught up in what I call a glitch mindset. A computer glitch, it actually is very much like a computer glitch. If you study how computer glitches work, that's exactly how they happen. They're, they're never ending infinite loops. And so what ends up happening on the computer is this. And this might be a visual of what some of your brains feel like when you think about writing copy, or using chat GPT or growing your email list or running Facebook ads is is like, or actually maybe maybe it might be like this, it might it might look like you know, Greek language writing have in the encyclopedia, right? It might it might look like this, if you pull up an image of like a Greek Cyclopedia. This might be what it looks like I'm telling you to figure out when it comes to using the Facebook Ads Manager. How many of y'all have like felt that way before? Well, here's the cool part about it, is that when we learn to embrace more times in our life, and this is really the lesson here for today, right? When we learn to embrace two things, number one, and this is going to be one of the one of the one of the hardest parts of it

[758:39] Speaker 0: there is risk in business, all of these risks don't disappear. No matter how perfect your business is.

[762:46] Speaker 0: They actually get worse. The more successful you are, the more people you're impacted. So I don't say that to scare anybody I say that to to explore. If you're trying to avoid financial loss, time loss, reputation, damage, customer dissatisfaction. And maybe you're even in regulated industries. Now, of course, follow the laws of whatever country you're in, of course, right? That's important. But you're going to have to accept the fact that there's no level of success, you can reach for these risks disappeared. And I think oftentimes, we're looking for a safety net, that if I was just making the kind of money that I could make, if I just had all the pieces figured out, if I just knew everything, then I wouldn't have as many risks. Now there's a little bit of truth to that, I won't deny that. But we cannot allow that ounce of truth to stop us. From delaying, to put ourselves out there. And learning to be transparent with people about a lot of this stuff, learning to utilize the feedback. This is why boundaries is so important. This is why not overwhelming yourself with trying to do everything is a good idea. Because there's a layer of complexity that y'all don't even know exists once you start putting stuff out there. And so that's why it's better to start simple. Because you're gonna be able to handle all of the different stages of growing your business. When you just keep things simple. Now you want to know what's going to help you do that much better. It's understanding how your brain works. And one of the best ways to learn to be more creative. Can I tell you this? It's a form of creative thinking. To not allow the fear of risks to stop you from taking action. You become mentally resourceful. And I want you to think back to a time in your life when you finally got mentally resourceful and new ideas. started coming in, and you figured out new ways to do things that you never thought of. Because you, you finally let go of trying to make everything perfect in your life, one of the best ways that you can actually cultivate that is by giving yourself time to just goof around, play, waste time, make mistakes, do things that are fun, just for you that don't have a mission critical focus behind them. And, and actually integrating more times of fun in your life. Because what it does is it sparks creative thinking on how to approach these very difficult moments in your business. And it's actually a really great powerful strategy for regulating some of the anxiety around technology. As one of the best ways to actually start to feel more confident with technology is to not you don't have to necessarily, there's two ways to do it. Number one, I whenever I jump into a new piece of software, I create a sort of what I call a dummy account, a sandbox account where I mess around with the software. And I tried to break it and I tried to just see what happens just to have fun just to press some buttons and pull some dropdowns and do that and things like that. Now, the Facebook Ads Manager, you can actually do that with because they don't charge you until you launch the ad. And you can delete the ad set, you can play around with that you can do the same thing with your website, your funnels. Here's the problem that we end up running into is once we launched something, it's now out there in the public. So we add another layer of complexity to it, other people's opinions. So this is why one of the most powerful ways one of the most powerful strategies to shift out of allowing other people's opinions to stop you from becoming financially successful, because if we can level with ourselves, that's really what ends up happening, we end up allowing other people's opinions to stop us from being financially successful. We end up allowing the technology saw and somebody else might be like, Why don't do that? You know, it's just the technology, I feel like it's out to get me and it's destroying me Can I tell you this is you might be allowing the technology to stop you from being successful. And it's actually redeveloping your relationship with other people and technology that's going to help you one of the best ways to redevelop that relationship is self care. Taking time to breathe, taking time to relax, taking time to not do things that are mission critical, that are not necessarily I need to do this quote unquote, for the purpose of it needs to be perfect. And going stepping into more whimsical, playful, the ability to just mess around, have fun just to see what happens more often. And one of the best ways to figure that out is to look at what are the things that you would do if you had a million dollars in your bank account. Remember, I mentioned that at the beginning of this having a vision for the life that you want to live? Do you want to know why that's so powerful to have that vision for it to think about is where money might not be an issue for you. Like I want you to think about that if you have $10 million cash in your bank account. I think for most people in the present economy, their financial issues would be eliminated with $10 million cash in their bank account. Right? You would, you would you would you would act and operate differently. Now, of course, I'm not telling you to be reckless as if you have $10 million in your bank. But I want you to play make believe in your mind and pretend like you do more often in your thinking.

[866:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then what I want you to think about is if I was somebody with $10 million in my bank account, what would I do if I was running up against this challenge in my business, whether it be technology, whether it be other people, coaching, things like that? How would I respond? Well, many of y'all would block some people from your life many of y'all would stop talking to some of these negative naysayers. Some of y'all would hire somebody to build out your landing pages and things like that. Okay.

[874:03] Speaker 0: Now, that's one side of it, right? Some of you might be like, Well, I don't have the finances to be able to do that. And you might be in a position where you're like, I don't have the finances so I have to figure it out on my own. Okay, so you want to know what that takes. It takes being resourceful in one very key area that I find that a lot of coaches and mentors deal with their relationship At what time and that was one thing I haven't talked about yet is our relationship with time. I talked about our relationship with clients and other people, our relationship with technology, but not necessarily our relationship with time. Can I tell you that our relationship with time is actually one of the greatest factors in your ability to be able to be successful when it comes to your business? Oftentimes, I hear from people, I need this to work right now. I'm not used to this taking so long for me to get these results. I don't have the time. You know, I had a guy write me he says, I haven't been successful in your program in six months, Jeremiah. So honestly, I don't think I'm ever gonna be successful. And I'm like, Okay, well, I here's he launched, I think one landing page and it got zero leads. Let's work through that. let's iterate through that, let's adjust the copy. Let's adjust the language, let's go through that. Well, I've only ever seen him on one call in the last six months. So I don't mean that to be like harsh and critical of him. Part of my boundaries that I've set up in my business is that I don't reach out to clients to check in on them. Some people disagree with that. I'm not here to debate that either way, for my life that are designed for myself, for me to be able to work 10 to 15 hours a week, I can't do that. Even with my one on one clients, I don't reach out, I expect people to meet me halfway. Ask questions, ask what they're struggling with, I'm not going to just reach out and see how you're doing. As far as that goes, okay? It's just not something that I've decided it's something that I've decided for my family that I'm not going to do. And so but I guarantee you now check this out, I guarantee you, if I did that with this guy, he would be successful today. So I am actually willing to allow him to fail by not doing what he needs. Because I'm willing to do what I need to do for my own life, my business, how many of y'all would be willing to do what you need to do for your business, even if it means allowing other people to fail in your life. And somebody you have ethical issues with that somebody you believe that that's unethical. So many of you think that that is immoral, even, you may even feel like it violates the code of ethics of maybe whatever certification you have, or college that you went to or degree that you have to be able to that if I could do something and I don't do it. I am bad. You know, that is actually the thinking that I had growing up. That's actually the thinking that that I was taught growing up, can I tell you this in business, it's not black and white like that. You're not going to please everybody, you're not going to make everybody happy. You could do all the things perfectly, and there will still be people who don't succeed. And so that's why you have to set realistic expectations about what you are willing to do and how you're willing to show up. And for some of you, that means removing some of the complexity of how you're serving your clients, maybe not offering one on one coaching for so cheap, maybe not offering free direct message support to everybody who jumps into your business, being willing to set those boundaries. And also, by the way, being willing to because of those boundaries. It might damage your reputation, I get negative reviews from people because I do not reach out indirect message to help people. I have had people actually threatened lawsuits because of it. The guy told me Jeremiah, you're just like all the rest. You promised to help me and you didn't. And that is fraud. And I can take you to court for that. That's what they told me. financial loss I've I've had clients ask for refunds leave the program, tell me that they don't want anything to do with me tell me that they feel unsafe being around this space. Okay. I've had dis satisfied clients. It's taken me time to solve for this.

[949:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: But the one thing that helped is changing my relationship with time realizing that I am not a bad steward of the time that God has given me simply because I'm not doing everything perfectly. And that actually there's a huge value with not expecting things to happen quicker than they're actually happening.

[954:46] Speaker 0: You know, this is a question my mom asks her stocks group and I love it because I can't really think of how to word it better. It's a little bit brash, that's how my mom is. She's very brash. She asked people what's the most amount of money you've ever made in a year? So people were like, Oh, $100,000, right. And then she's like, so whatever makes you think that you can make more than $100,000 in the next six months. I mean, Let's be real, like what what delusional thinking makes you think that you could ever make more than that. And that sounds harsh, right? That almost sounds different than what I was talking about. But what it is, is that if we were as is that if we knew how to do it, we would be making more than that, if we knew how we would be. So the fact of the matter is that we have not gone past a certain level of income shows that we're actually not currently yet capable of it in the way that we're trying to do things. And so what it takes is it takes operating in a different way, can I tell you this, one of the best things that you can do is changing your relationship with time, learning to be more patient learning to let things breathe, and learning to make more time for an organized guilt free play and self care in your life. To or even if you need to be successful quickly in your business, you're willing to blow off steam for a week, and not build your business, because you're gonna come back with more clear headedness. How many of y'all experienced that during the holidays? Can I tell you this, you can actually strategically implement that as part of your business strategy. And that's what I have done. And that's what my mom has done. And that's why boundaries are so important. That's why I refuse to work more hours in my business, and wonder why because it produces better results for my clients for me to not work more hours. So my goal to serve my clients demands that I do not do the very things they demand. And that it would actually be unethical for me to submit to the demands of disappointed people. Because I've been doing this long enough, I know I know what works. And I know what doesn't. And I know that operating out of that state of mind is not helpful for myself, or my clients or my business growth. No matter how much, I have this little critical voice inside my head that tells me that it is. And so you have to learn to have control of your thoughts. When the inner critic comes in and tells you that you're not doing everything, right, and that you need to learn more, and that you need to spend all this time getting it right and perfect. And when you come up to feeling like technology is way too hard, one of the best ways to be able to solve that is just go have some fun and go do something else. Literally, one of the best ways to lean in with hard things is to pull back is to pull back and stop striving so hard is to pull back and give yourself an opportunity to just merely blow off some time. And if that is something that the idea of doing that is very scary to you, that's a great sign of a place to explore mentally and emotionally, is why this is so hard. You know, when they talk about how business success is so hard.

[1010:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's actually this that's hard. It's actually the self care, that's hard. It's actually the being willing to change your relationship with time to where you're not operating out of scarcity and lack but out of abundance and actually believing I have more than enough time to accomplish everything that I was born to accomplish that I have more than enough time to get this to work.

[1017:57] Speaker 0: Now, that might sound very arrogant, and dismissive of me to say especially because for some of you, I might be half your age.

[1020:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I understand that. And I understand that some of you might say, you know, well, Jeremiah, I'm 70 years old, I don't have enough time. Can I tell you this, I actually worked with I've worked with a number of people that are in their 70s. And they have told me that the number one thing that actually helps them reach their goals and impact is changing their relationship with time and realizing that they have more than enough time, at any age. And that Age has nothing to do with how much time that you have. When it comes to building your business and being successful, that you're not too late.

[1028:54] Speaker 0: And that giving yourself the time that you need is actually what is going to help you be more successful learning to develop that patience inside of you. Now this opens up a whole bunch of other like layers as far as that goes. Yeah, but I need to make money. Yeah, but dotted out up. Okay. I could keep talking for like the next five hours on that. I want to stop here and I want to take some questions as far as this goes. Because I really want to address maybe some of the roadblocks some of the concerns that you might have some of the issues with this. Because here's the thing I want to see you successful. And I And again, I apologize I don't want to be

[1041:07] Speaker 0: dismissive of anybody that feels like they don't have enough time to build their business? You know, before I had kids, a lot of people used to throw my face. Well, Jeremiah just wants to you have kids, you don't have time to build your business. And I just I don't, that's not my reality. Because I you can figure it out, you can figure out what works, but it might be hard. And it might look different than how you want it to look. And so what I want to do is, I want to take some questions, if any of y'all want to either raise your hand, I know some, ask some questions in here. Tiffany, what's going on?

[1052:30] Tiffany Quinones: Ah, good morning. Wow. Thank you. Yeah, your way, thank you for your vulnerability, and courage to share with us the stuff that you're healing with, and going through, because it's very encouraging for all of us, and shows us what's possible, and, you know, not to be so critical with ourselves. And it's like, oh, this is what we can do when this stuff shows up in our lives, too. So thank you. Yeah. So the the first thing question, you talked about time a lot in this. And what comes up for me is, with my work schedule, I work at a hospital and I have the days that I work, I go from 2:30pm to 11pm. So my time and what I do before work. And yes, I have days off, and I have you know, like every other weekend off. But the time factor, like for me, I'm gonna use this as an example for me to sit down and go through the, let's say, building a landing page course, which I have done before. And I can do, I'm finding that I'm, I don't want to use the word struggle, but I'm struggling to figure out how to fit that in with my schedule for work. Because Mondays I'm on the VIP call with your with your mom, and then I'm on this with you. And then I have a short window and I go to the gym, I work out. So I'm also a mom, and wife. And so what tips and I have watched a time optimization course, but what are your tips for like, not feeling like I have to fit that in in order to be successful in my business, but of when to find it is you got

[1084:56] Speaker 0: to eliminate some things.

[1085:57] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, so

[1086:18] Speaker 0: that's that's one of it, you got to like actually, like, sometimes you got to get rid of certain things and then replace it with the new thing. So it's not necessarily fitting it in now, here's, here's what I'll say fitting it in. If you look at some areas, and again, it really is about eliminating things, fitting things in really is just about eliminating things. And I can explain what I mean by that. So I used to have like a three hour routine before I would record a webinar, I learned to eliminate that three hour routine and get it down to one hour. And now I have two extra hours that I can fit more stuff into. So I I have what's called it's this growth mindset, where I look at how things are today doesn't have to be how they always have to be. That's how I've always done things is not done things does not have to be how I always have to do though.

[1099:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so it's really grabbing on to that mindset that how you've always ever done things in your life or your time doesn't necessarily have to be how you need to do them in the next chapter. And it actually is probably going to morph and look very different. And so one of the things that I'll do is I'll sit with that thought, and I'll think about, okay, what are some of the things that I could eliminate that maybe I should eliminate that I'm afraid to eliminate, that I think I need that I'm reliant on. And it could also be off for me, I found that I had a bit of a tendency to have a bit of a process addiction, where I was becoming very sort of addicted to the process of doing things.

[1112:39] Speaker 0: And it was a way of disassociating from actually doing the thing I was trying to do. So the process of three hours to prepare for my webinar. I was starting to become dependent on almost like it was a substance, almost like some people are like, oh, I need to take a drink to be able to talk publicly, right? It was the same type of a thing. It was a false sense of security. And so what I started to do is I started to really study how do you break addictions and how do you break it addictive behavior. And I always go back to this so often in my business, more than anything else, I remember one of my clients that I helped the most with, I helped her see the idea that oftentimes her clients are actually dealing with addiction, not a lack of discipline, that they're actually physiologically dependent on their behavior. And what it was was her clients, all of them, could not stop drinking sugar, sugary drinks. And for some reason, she couldn't get people to realize that they need to just simply drink more water because they were just like, dependent on the sugary drink. So I taught her I said, Teach about breaking that actual addiction to the sugary drinks. Because that's actually going to help them now replace it with drinking more water. So like, for instance, I found myself I had a process addiction of having to identify all my triggers,

[1137:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: and solve all my traumas. And figure out all the and regulate myself with a big long process. And every time I asked my therapist about it, they're like, Well, yeah, just take time to be able to do that. And I'm just like, Yeah, but there are moments in time where I don't have that time. And my son was a great example of this, I don't have an hour and a half to, to regulate myself, if I'm watching my son alone.

[1145:14] Speaker 0: I have to be able to regulate myself quicker. And this is where I was very resistant to the topic of certain even coping strategies with that. And so what I found was, there was three, there was two things that I started doing with my son, when I find that I'm disassociating, I do two things. Three things, I start reorganizing his play space, so that it becomes a little bit more. There's less chaos, okay. And he thinks it's a fun game right now. So he wants to help me organize. So now becomes this fun thing. If that doesn't work, I take him to another room. So I removed myself from the situation and I go to another room, immediately that snaps me out of the trigger. And he's excited because we're now in a new space. And he feels like daddy's amazing, he brought me somewhere exciting that I haven't been able to be okay. And then the last one was I start moving my body. So I'll start like doing windmills with my arm, while I'm watching him. And even like many like squats, and I'll even pick him up and start squatting him and, and then we'll I'll start playing with him and doing this. That's not for him. That's for daddy to be able to regulate himself. And so what I found was I found strategies to be able to, in the moment, reduce the amount of time it was taking me to regulate myself, it was taking me like two, three hours, every time I would have that trigger with my son, my wife's like, you don't have two to three hours to get out of the trigger, dude. Like, it's not like, okay, otherwise, like, I don't feel safe about you fathering our son. And we might need to make some arrangements. That was the conversation we had. She's like, and so I know that you don't want that. So you need to step up. And you didn't have a dad that could step up. And so whatever you got to do, talk to some, some fathers, talk to your therapist, talk to maybe a few therapists. That was actually what I did, I talked to a couple of different modalities of therapy, and looked at them that were outside of what I'd normally done. And I realized, oh, man, there's like a whole modality of therapy, about like quick regulation. It's not always the best thing, because here's the problem with that is I think it doesn't deal with the root issue of things, quick, quick regulation. But here's the thing, I feel way happier and confident now, spending time with my son and that. So one of the coolest things that we can do is that when we're building our business, we can learn to quickly regulate ourselves while we're getting overwhelmed with the technology. Learning those different tactics could be I do this all the time. Actually, gosh, I've never even talked about this copywriting. If I'm stuck for more than a half hour copywriting, I take my laptop and go to another room to write copy in another room. If I'm stuck developing a landing page or a marketing offer, I take it to another room. If I'm really stuck, I start lifting weights, I start flexing the muscles in my body to start to and that ends up affecting my brain and my creativity and things like that. And if it's really hard, I end up playing video games and then usually there's some kind of underlying like trauma trigger that I'm dealing with that I really got to work through at that point. So it's it's all of that again, sounds like it's gonna take a lot of time for you You, it's taking a look at what are some of the things that you can do to shorten the amount of time that it takes to do everything in your life and business. And are there anything that you can eliminate that maybe you feel like are necessary things that you can't remove or eliminate, realize that you can always adjust your life like, I want to ask you this. But here's a belief that actually I have had that has helped me, I have a choice that I could make right now. Like I can choose right now, to make myself homeless. I can literally go through the process of losing everything in my life and becoming homeless. And it almost happened to me. And I think really realizing that that idea, some of you, some of us have come out of such great things that were like, I will never go back to where I came from yada, yada, yada. And then we ended up being upset with that older version of ourselves. We got to realize that the propensity to be able to do that it's a choice, we could actually still choose to do that. I can still choose to be the person that I was 10 years ago. How would I do that? Well, gosh, I would right now after this call, I would cancel the webinar. And I would go pound, a six pack of beer right now. And then I would go walk around my neighborhood naked. And I guarantee you that's just gonna snowball. I can choose to do that right now today. And some of y'all are shuttering like oh my god, no, you couldn't No, I literally could like, like, actually own the fact that you have a choice for where your life is at right now. And you can choose to literally do whatever you want. Now, this empowers you to say, okay, I can actually choose to restructure and reprioritize my life in my day, and my week, and my cycle. If you work a job, I did this in business, I talked to my boss, and I said, Hey, I'm going to be working less hours. Because I have this business that's actually paying me three times what my salary is anyways. And they were angry at me, and they fired me. And so that was the best thing that happened. It was great. I was when I was working with Danny Johnson. And then I started working with my mom, and kind of the same thing started to happen. And then even like, I'll even had that happen with clients were like, the new version of myself can no longer operate in the old version. And we need to let go of trying to hold on to and manage how things used to be in our lives. And realize that the new life you're stepping into is going to be different behavior. You're going to operate differently to reach those goals that you have. Does that make sense? Mm hmm.

[1246:53] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, thank you. Yeah, I just also wanted to say every time I hear, you know about talking to my boss, and in changing hours, I work at a job that unionize. So I either have to apply for a different job, that's a normal nine to five, or I have to go in a different department to change my hours. And it's like, I can't just go in and say that, but I am actually looking for a new position anyway, a different department.

[1254:15] Speaker 0: I could see some of that affecting even maybe some of your mindset when it comes to trading stocks and stuff too, because of how you're seeing companies and your and unions and things like that. And that's a big, that's a big part of it. Again, I think it's illegal for me as a business owner to speak against unionization. So I mean, I've been some of y'all literally could probably get me shut down for what I just said five minutes ago. But it might be a good idea to find a job that works better for you.

[1263:36] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah, that's what I'm doing. Well, thank you. Appreciate

[1264:12] Speaker 0: it. Definitely. And that's why I don't hang out with like crazy, hypercritical crazy people. You know, like what I said about unionization, just now if I had like a crazy person that gets off on quote, unquote, like exposing and shutting businesses down, they would join a space like this. And now they would contact the government and try to get my business shut down because of what I just told him. So that's a big reason why having boundaries is also healthy. And I don't think I necessarily sent him that would break the law, but I could get investigated for what I just said. I don't know.

[1275:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sometimes I'm willing to take that risk. You don't always have to take those risks. But you know, I should probably stop talking if I know what's good for him. All right, Dorothy. What's up, Dorothy? How are you?

[1280:18] Speaker 2: Hi, I'm just catching up. Okay. I am yeah. So it's actually to do with building the new website and integrating having affiliate products on the website and just looking at how I'm going to set the whole thing up. Because I have set up a number of websites, it's always felt like, Oh, this isn't actually quite right, the way I've done this website. So I just want to make sure that I get all the right software this time. And, you know, and that I just kind of get it all flowing really well. And also, it's kind of really important that I know all the software can work together. You know, so, because I was wondering whether it's best to go with, because I'm really into the idea of using Squarespace Thinkific jot form, and Zapier and with MailChimp, so you know, I like the idea of all of that. But then it's how the affiliate products are going to work within that in terms of the funnels because often if you're using something like ClickBank, then they often work with things like click funnels, but that's a different type of software. So it's just making sure it's all going to work together. And then the other idea is, would it be better for me as someone who doesn't, it does take time for me to get my head around tech, but I do manage to do that. But I'm not quick, do you not? I mean, I have to take my time. Once I've integrated something, I'm fine. But it might take me two or three times to get something. So for someone like me, that isn't super quick on the computer, would it be better for me to use something like Kajabi? Which is all in one? Or is it once I've got my head round, all these different software's integrating all these different bits actually isn't going to be too difficult for me.

[1311:35] Speaker 0: So I'm not fully understanding like your question. It's really clear as far as like, what specifically seeking like, right now.

[1314:14] Speaker 2: So Well, the main thing is, is in looking at the software for the affiliate products, what software would you recommend?

[1317:31] Speaker 0: Any Affiliate Software? So that's the thing. Oh, okay. Yeah, I know, there's a guy in the group who does affiliate stuff.

[1319:50] Speaker 2: Yeah.

[1320:10] Speaker 0: What are your affiliate marketing?

[1320:58] Speaker 2: Well, it'll be sort of health and wellness products. So related to yoga, it might potentially be some supplements, it'll be sort of things.

[1323:53] Speaker 0: Are you? Are you wanting to find stuff you can affiliate and promote? Are you wanting to have other people promote it for you under your own brand?

[1326:32] Speaker 2: Well, it'll be probably myself promoting it, because I'm going to do some training, which is specifically else's affiliate program. That's right. Well, it's basically it's ClickBank, which is, okay. I'm looking. So it's just really, I'm going to be super simple to begin with one product, get my head round promoting one product and getting commission on that, and just adding that onto the website.

[1334:21] Speaker 0: Yeah, and then building question specifically about about that, as far as that relates to affiliate programs.

[1335:45] Speaker 2: So it's really it's really just looking at, you know, what software to use for that?

[1337:51] Speaker 0: What do you mean, what do you mean by what software to use?

[1338:54] Speaker 2: Well, I know that there's particular sort of types of funnels, so things like does Click Funnels work with Squarespace. Can you potentially put those together, and you

[1341:49] Speaker 0: can put them together when it comes to promoting other people's affiliate products, a lot of times that has to do with again, the relationship and connection that you make with people. Because here's, here's the, here's really the only reason why people buy an affiliate product from you. Is they trust your opinion about that product. Yeah. So number one, you want to find something that you trust. And then B, you got to learn how to sell people on that network marketing has a similar type of funnel, where the idea is, is that you're promoting somebody else's product, but you still build your own brand, your own identity, your own trust with that. So like when I was affiliate promoting Jasper AI before chat, GBT came out, I fully believed in what they were doing and what it could do for my clients. And then I was able to just share that link with people organically in my conversations. So that's actually the best way to promote supporting affiliate offers. As far as that goes, I wouldn't try to systematize it too much around like using funnels for that basis for your business. I would make it just a part of your conversation that you have like, listen, everybody who buys This program once they're in the program, or even as far as a free training, like needs to go grab these products, here's a link, you can go grab it right here. And then you just share that with people. And you make it more of like a like a like a hey, here's something cool for you. Versus this elaborate thing. You want to build the funnel around setup kind of, again, your main messaging that has to do with you. Yeah,

[1365:27] Speaker 2: okay. Yeah, cuz that's exactly what I want to do, like with the yoga mats, etc. That it's products that I really like, you know, that

[1367:59] Speaker 0: you would if you were to include that as far as as far as into the conversation with that. Yeah. Okay, great. Yes. Very natural. As far as that goes. Yeah.

[1371:27] Speaker 2: Yeah. And just quickly, what do you think about Kajabi in terms of space for storing videos, and also landing pages, because I know with Squarespace they're really great in terms of landing pages, because when I was my, the administrator I had was, was trying to persuade me to put everything on Thinkific. But I know think if ik with the landing pages, they're very basic compared to Squarespace. And it just looked very sort of two dimensional. So I'm much preferred what you know, the old saying with front of shop is Squarespace and then you go into Thinkific.

[1382:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you know, that is great. It's really easy to use, it's probably one of the easier to use platforms that's out there. Oh, yeah. So I think the most expensive base, but you'll end up paying about the same as you would paying for all these other different. Yeah, I like Kajabi. I'm a fan of it. Yeah.

[1387:55] Speaker 2: Just give you as much storage space for videos, because I want to make sure that if I'm setting up the vault, because that's going to be growing,

[1389:59] Speaker 0: as much as Thinkific get well they give you unlimited videos, but you're limited to how many products you can create. But it's limited to like 15 courses on the $200 level and like 100 for the $400 month level.

[1394:10] Speaker 2: Okay. Oh, right. Okay, so yeah, your

[1395:32] Speaker 0: the way that they work, you can do it unlimited. The way Kajabi works is you could create one product. And then yeah, like 25 courses inside that one product. Right. Remember, lessons are underneath it. So really, I think, as far as video storage goes, Yes, it is unlimited. When you do it that way as far as Yeah.

[1400:52] Speaker 2: I mean, I what I love about Thinkific is it's so massive, you know, like with the old inner circle that Sandy had, it was just like, epic was how much stuff was on there. And you know, and I can see that yours is kind of heading that way. And it's quite nice luxury

[1406:26] Speaker 0: to simplify and organize it a little bit better, though. Yeah,

[1407:32] Speaker 2: you know? Yeah,

[1408:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, who knows? I may actually move our members area to Kajabi. Yeah, cuz I did like how we had it set up beautifully for Rick finos. Worship coach. Yeah, it was really? Yeah, it felt very, like, easy to use. But yeah, I like Kajabi. Again, here's the thing. What I what I get saddened by is people that keep debating different software for like two to three years, and then they don't use.

[1415:21] Speaker 0: Yes, they're because they're, they're trying to find the best one. No, so all software's have their limitations. And so get something out there to connect with people and start selling something. Yeah.

[1419:28] Speaker 2: Yeah. Well,

[1419:53] Speaker 0: I think what I've what I've been talking about here,

[1420:34] Speaker 2: yeah, I mean, what I've decided I'm going to do is actually work with an administrator, where we build it together. So I'm actually going to be doing we're going to have sessions together each day. Rather than me giving the administrator instructions, they go off and do it. I'm going to actually build it together with them so that I'm learning real time as we go along, you know, and then also get them to sort of study your courses as well. So that I really feel like I know the business properly and feeling control. But

[1429:59] Speaker 0: just be cautious with that. Because again, that can also be a two edged sword that can cause more problems.

[1431:35] Speaker 2: Yeah. What with yet do you mean like trying to do too much tech?

[1433:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, trying to understand and learn everything? Yeah, and cause more issues. Because we end up getting in, we end up feeling like we're doing something by learning, but we're really not implementing. We really want to balance that time. That's all.

[1437:02] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. Because ultimately, I don't want to need to always be doing the tech. But I do feel like I need to go through this journey of learning it first. Yeah, because Then I really can feeling

[1440:27] Speaker 0: tight in the back end, I can see how far people watch through our different courses. Dorothy has watched through I think almost all of them. So that's true. You have watched through almost all of them.

[1443:26] Speaker 2: I've got to go back and really implement a lot. So yeah, if you're

[1444:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: out and maybe again, this is where you would spend kind of time doing other things, spending yoga time, spending time, having fun playing with puppies, things like that. Playing the piano, walking around your your garden or whatever that is, I don't know if you have a garden. But yeah. Yeah. Then that you'll come up with creative idea. And when I do is I document okay, this is where I'm stuck. And I get really clear on okay, I need to go back to that lesson. Figure that thing out, because it gives us more clarity as like, when we get more specific as to like, Okay, I need to learn marketing. Well, that means a lot of stuff. So what do you need to learn what I need to learn to grow my email list? Okay, what part of that? Do you need to learn the MailChimp software or the landing pages? I need to learn the landing pages what part the graphics software or the copy? Well, I need to learn the software. Okay, great, which software? I'm going to learn Squarespace. What part of Squarespace and now we're like six layers deep into this, I need to learn marketing. But really, it's I need to learn how to set up my domain name and link it to Squarespace. That's a more specific query.

[1461:40] Speaker 2: Yeah. Because I noticed that it was the tech it was the really in depth tech ones that you highlighted as the courses that I need to fit, I needed to finish, you know, and then all the kind of inspirational ones, I'd sort of listened through the whole course, you know. And then there was some of the ones I've done like 25% or something. So it's really it's eating the frog, isn't it and going and do want to do? Yeah, yeah.

[1469:31] Speaker 0: It's an awesome. Yeah, great story. No, I see some really good questions here that came up in the chat as well.

[1471:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: perplexity is it's another AI, it's more of a research AI. It's not a chat, GBT is more for generating, marketing, material perplexity isn't really good at that. Complexity is more at finding more like research topics. It's kind of like you're able to research all these different articles and websites all at once. And that brings it all together. I'm

[1478:47] Speaker 0: Kevin asks why I attract so many hateful people? You want to know the real answer. Why, Kevin? Sure. Because I'm not people that are like myself.

[1482:47] Kevin Winebarger: You attract people that are like yourself? Yep. And you you feel Hold on, let me switch to my computer over here. You feel like you're, you're a hateful person? No, he's like, you're hateful of other people.

[1485:56] Speaker 0: No, definitely not. More of my myself, sometimes I deal with. And so I attract people that treat me the same way I treat me

[1489:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: when I'm not careful, when I'm not regulated, when I'm operating out of trauma or fear. So, right. Um, but I mean, gosh, you know, I had somebody told me the fact that I attract so many hateful people is proof that I shouldn't be coaching people. You know, I don't I don't agree with that. I disagree with that. I think I think that first off just spiritually, I think that I wouldn't be fulfilling my calling if I wasn't here with people in this group. But there are people right now out there that think that me even being here is wrong. Today.

[1500:52] Speaker 0: That makes sense. So, so I've learned to just not care about those people at all. And their opinions that are that say that, that tells me that

[1504:04] Kevin Winebarger: this might be a sort of weird question. What have you found that like, there's almost a distance like you attract people from where you were at, but then you're growing. And so it almost feels by the time they bought in, you're a little bit of a different person and who you're attracting is a little bit? You can Yeah, yeah. Do you know what I'm saying?

[1510:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'll tell you a lot of the people that I attract that are more negative, they probably followed me like, three, four years ago to the guy I was talking to the other day, he's been following me for like five years. So I would definitely say I was way more even critical and harsh towards people five years ago, because I also I'll say this, like the people that are in the accelerator are amazing, y'all that are here. And that is also how I am. I'm like that I'm a lot like the beautiful amazing part and I think that's that's where the whole concept. So the book called No Bad parts by Richard words really dives into this concept of the fact that even if there's maybe a part of me that might be hateful, it's not bad. And that really conflicts with a lot of what we're taught in church. You don't I'm saying, right, it's not a demon. That is that is operating that way. That doesn't need to be exercised, necessarily. In fact, I need to show love and compassion to that part of me. Because why? Why would that part of me be so self critical and hateful like that? Well, I'll tell you why. The church I grew up in taught what's called Warm theology, that the only way to be godly is to hate yourself. And I was taught that from the time I was three years old, until I was 18.

[1533:01] Speaker 0: And so self hatred was a form of worship. And the church that I grew up in was a very, I would say, it's a very evil place. So but that three year old that learned that he didn't know any better. You know, he wanted to just do the best thing that the adults around him told him to do. So I have a lot of love and self compassion for that part of me, that really is just a three to five, maybe eight or 10 year old. I can look back at I think, when a lot of the self hatred came in the most as maybe when I was 11, or 12. And I started watching pornography.

[1544:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: When I was younger, so a lot of that self hatred came in from that. Right. And it was, I found, I found it, I found some porn on my pastor's computer when I was 10 years old. And so and so it was actually in my, my brain, I was like, well, he watches this, you know. So it just, it was just a one thing leads to another. And now learning that like this message of I need to hate that version of myself, one of the biggest things that I learned is that I need to not hate that version of myself that was just trying to regulate my emotions. That way.

[1553:48] Speaker 0: And then also, I don't need to be that way today. But I we can find patterns that we learned over time, from our history from being younger, and where we're at today, that influence how we show up how we operate, and even who we attract into our lives. You know, social isolation was a big thing too, for me when I was younger. And I find anytime I fully like, isolate myself, number one, I get really happy inside, I get a lot happier when I'm isolated. When I don't spend time around other people.

[1562:48] Kevin Winebarger: You're not influenced or something by them,

[1563:22] Speaker 0: I can, I can process things better yet. And it's not being influenced by that. At the same time, I'm actually a natural extrovert. So isn't that interesting? I'm so extroverted that actually get filled up around people. And yet, I'm the happiest when I'm not around other people.

[1567:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: As I've had to literally, like, realize that that's just how I'm wired. And that's okay. And I can pull back. And that's what I play video games. That's why I like it. I literally like I go into like this happy place. And I'm reading a book or playing

[1570:49] Kevin Winebarger: video games. When you say filled up, what do you mean? Like,

[1571:56] Speaker 0: I just feel like, so much creative energy, and excitement and happiness. And like my, I start solving problems that I could that I was stuck on. Without, with ease, like it's easy to solve really tough problems. When I'm in that mind state. It's a creative mind state, to where what seemed very hard, really doesn't seem that hard. And it's actually I'm like, wow, that's a lot easier than I thought it was.

[1578:30] Kevin Winebarger: Sure. And then afterwards, are you having like, almost the equivalent of a sugar coma or like a coaching hangover, where you're just like, oh my gosh, now

[1580:56] Speaker 0: I used to, I used to get that. Yeah, I used to get that I don't know as much anymore. Because I've actually learned how to regulate that. And so generally, what I like to do is I'll like I'll do something else I'll I'll, I'll eat something I'm very careful on I found regulating how I eat has helped a lot, not having a lot of processed carbohydrates, met working on my gut microbiome and all of that over the last month has helped. And so all of that comes to how we solve problems when it comes to technology and things like that. So I'm attracting. b I'll tell you anytime I'm triggered, I have always found it has to do with something that I possibly believe about myself that I'm unaware of. When I'm triggered by something, so I go on a journey to do that. And I actually had a great talk with my current pastor last night about something that was triggering me and I realized that it really what it was was it was this accusation, false accusations and anytime false accusation comes in, I get really upset with myself. He was like, well, the enemy is the One that's accusing you, not these other people, that's not even like real, you know?

[1601:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that goes back to somebody else's question, how do you protect yourself and people say it's fraud, but is it actually fraud. Of course, I mean, legal representation is important. But people can have opinions and spout their mouth out all they want.

[1604:46] Speaker 0: Nine times out of 10, people are never going to do anything, when they say something like that. They just want, they just want to use that to manipulate you, they want to scare you, into submitting to you. So here's the thing, a lot of people that I've experienced in the coaching space, that told me that they think that I'm wrong, or something like that what they're wanting is they're actually basically wanting something from me. And they're trying to use coercive intimidation, to get it out of me. So so somebody who tells me, hey, you know, I have a criminal justice degree, and I wish that what you were doing was a crime, so I could arrest you, that person is actually looking to control me in some way to get a payoff for them in life, because they have learned that threatening people with their criminal justice degree, allows them to get people to to bend to their will, and be manipulated.

[1618:13] Kevin Winebarger: Or to just sort of like, go crazy. And then have actually something to use, you know, because if you'd sent some nasty email, cussing the person out, then it actually is something that can be weaponized. But I'm curious, like, so if you if you have that thing, where you're bringing in people, based on who you are, but you're growing, there's just the reality that some clients are probably going to grow beyond you, or just grow differently than Oh, yeah, Maitland. And then also the exact opposite, that there are some people that like, don't need to continue with you, either. Because, yeah, your interests are their value system has changed, or just because there's some sometimes it's more, you know, general like that. Other times, it's more, maybe personal. So how have you peacefully released? People who are maybe outgrowing you in some capacity or growing differently? And then how are you? Also I don't, I don't know kicking people to the

[1634:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: curb? Oh, I see. I don't really care about peacefully releasing them. They're gone. Okay. Yeah. Like nothing on both sides of the spectrum. Like legitimately like, I'm like, No, okay. If they're, if they're being very negative and nasty.

[1639:19] Speaker 0: If they've like, if they're just like, they're like this guy who was like, I told you was like, so critical the other day, like, I'm not, I don't need to, like, fix some masks or something like that such. There's so much stupid churchy stuff, I think it came out of Danny silks culture of honor book. That's absolute bullshit. And I actually think it is of this, like, you have to like solve the mess and clean up all the messes you make with people. And I'm just like, No, like that person, they can dislike me, and I'm gonna let them go and not need to even take a second thought to solve that. And I can let them do whatever they want. They can say whatever they want about me to other people. Because I don't need to control anybody see, I don't know, I don't operate under, under, into control people. That's, that's what it is. They can do whatever they want. And I've accepted that. And it's letting people do whatever they want, even if they tried to bring you harm. And working in that space to be able to do that. Because I just found that nine times out of 10. If you try to control it, they're going to come back stronger. And then it just becomes this battle. Totally. And now it turns into because that's what it turns into. And now that's energy that I could be spending working with and helping my clients. I don't need to I don't need to fight somebody. So now somebody grows past me. You know, I've not had to release somebody in that. They sort of there's sort of like, hey, like, and actually, it was funny. Rick Pitino did that with me. He's like, Hey, dude, like, you know, I'm making way more money than you and honestly, I don't think we can hang out anymore. And he's like, I think you're pulling me down and you're actually dragging me into a pit of losing money if I continue working with you. And that's what Rick told me straight up and I was like,

[1670:24] Kevin Winebarger: that's your opinion with you, business wise are doing with you

[1671:12] Speaker 0: Period. Period. Yeah, it's just like, like spending any time around somebody like me that is just the frequency was sort of pulling Yeah, well, no, it was the way my thinking was with so far and above against the way that he was operating. Sure. Yeah. So there's a conflict there isn't really much yeah. And so we started to break apart and so then it turned into that but then it turned into something that was a little more cordial, like hey, like, you're great. Go be successful. He was like, have fun like, this is awesome. Like, I was like, Yeah, you too, like whatever but I haven't I haven't talked to him and I in a year and Have you know, and I was dealing with abandonment issues that that was crazy. It was great. It was a great conversation with my therapist, like, I feel abandoned by this client that I helped make a million dollars a month. Sure. And but then like, in my core, I'm like, Yeah, but it is also just business at the same time, like, I don't, you know, and that's how I see it. It is, it's just business to me. And I'm okay with that. And I've really kind of compartmentalize that outside of like, needing to control what people think what they do, how they operate all of that, we just got to learn to let go of that. Control, we can control, I can control my sales copy to attract different clients.

[1694:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did, I actually did my one on one. Some people, I didn't with Dorothy but I did with a couple people, they might be on here, or they did one on one calls with me. Denise was actually on one with me. So I did kind of like a discovery call with her. And I leveled with her, I said, here's the thing like, this might not work, like you might lose money, you know.

[1700:18] Speaker 0: Like, I have to level with people and set the expectation that like this might not work. And then by doing that, like, as long as there's agreement and mutual agreement that this might not work, there's a part of that. I think sometimes we get way too locked in to like, Okay, we got to like, get way too attached with people. And I think letting go of attachment, in those ways is healthy when it comes to business. And learning your own attachment style with people too.

[1707:10] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah, it's, um, the industry I'm in, you know, marketing people's music. It's like music is already so personal as is. So it's just really

[1710:36] Speaker 0: well, so coaching and mentoring to be

[1711:11] Kevin Winebarger: sure, of course, because you're helping people with their babies, you know, their

[1712:15] Speaker 0: minds. And often if one of their core things that they teach people goes against what I'm teaching, that's where the conflict is. Because basically what I do and teach goes against, like, their main bread and butter that they use to make money with.

[1716:41] Kevin Winebarger: Sure. Makes totals.

[1717:19] Speaker 0: And so like, I'm not for everybody, that's the thing.

[1718:02] Kevin Winebarger: Well, and I'm trying to not. I don't want to, I don't want sometimes I can almost over inform someone where I bulldoze them into indecision. Not that it's on me. But you get what I'm saying, oh, yeah, I've done that. Yeah. overshare? Well, they're asking for a question. And then you give the encyclopedia version that's like, oh, my gosh, well, now I don't know what to do. And right. And it's funny, because that, that was rooted in a, I'm just afraid of not giving everybody like everything, because then deceptive. Here's the whole thing. And then I informed them something later. And they're like, why don't you tell me this now. So that kind of fear, almost attracted, ironically, an audience that loves over information. Yeah, and not action. Totally. And so I'm having to, I'm rounding the corner on that in my personal world and seeing like major growth, it's also been major friction not.

[1733:19] Speaker 0: So there's a difference between being a service provider and a coach. So as a service provider, you lean heavily into that a lot more, because people really want to be informed when you're doing a service. Whereas when you're coaching, you pull back a lot on that you pull back on what are the overexplaining when you're coaching because it can actually cause more problems. When you're a service provider, it actually helps because then they understand what you're

[1739:58] Kevin Winebarger: doing. Right? Because our services are primarily, that's why how you

[1741:03] Speaker 0: actually market and sell services is actually very different than how you sell coaching. Okay? It's almost like, it's so different that you actually have to rewire your brain and it's very difficult to sell both. Because they're actually in California with each other. They actually do. There's, there's a tension between how you sell a service and a coaching program.

[1746:28] Kevin Winebarger: And what I'm finding with the people that come with me for a coaching session, most people book a four hour block, a one on one block, and it's it's really a powerful, you know, power half day. But what ends up happening in the call, inevitably is we get to a question under their questions or mission under their missions. Yeah, I'm, I'm checking them a little bit. Because I've been welcomed in to do that. I even asked before the call, like what kind of tone and leadership and coaching do you respond best to? And a lot of times, they're just like, I just trust you. And so we'll go into it. And I know that there's consent to go there. But sometimes it's like, it's almost like a lot of this service. People have hired not all but a lot of them are just sort of looking for like a pattern in their personal life to outsource this and not think about it. And then they coaching because they're thinking thing about like wanting to get more involved, and I'm pushing up against those walls. And I find that like, half of them leave it and they like, absolutely thrive. And then half of them, I'm checking up with them two, three weeks later, like, Hey, what's going on was thinking about you today? And they're like, yeah, just been sort of mulling over what we talked about, you know. And so I don't know if there's anything I can do to serve them better, or if it's just sort of par for the course with coaching, coaching customers that came in through the service world, but um, do you have any thoughts on that?

[1768:41] Speaker 0: Can you can you explain that question a little bit more succinctly? Yeah, a lot in there.

[1770:17] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah. How? How can I mitigate coaching sessions ending and people not taking action,

[1772:26] Speaker 0: give them homework and tell them that we're not going to meet again, until you do XYZ?

[1774:09] Kevin Winebarger: What that I do you do that? And I find about half of them are like, Man, this was so great. But I've just been mulling over. Yeah. So then if they're not actually getting this stuff done,

[1776:22] Speaker 0: that's where you do have to hold them accountable to say, Okay, well, you told me you were gonna get this done, why didn't it happen? And then get to the root of why it didn't

[1778:39] Kevin Winebarger: happen. Okay. Write that down. And

[1779:27] Speaker 0: that, and that might be an area that like that might be painful for you. Because it might feel like you're being mean, it's not being mean, it's actually being mean not to do that.

[1782:45] Kevin Winebarger: Well, it's hard, because I know that I have consent for the hours of time we're together. I've not actually asked, Hey, and I want to keep you accountable to the ones I have done that way. You gotta sell

[1785:53] Speaker 0: accountability as part of your coaching support. Yeah.

[1786:56] Kevin Winebarger: That's what I'm taking away from this, because my retainer clients that I just have a couple of those where I'll meet with like, a 60 minute and a 30 minute, you know, Oh,

[1789:24] Speaker 0: you brought up a really valid point about this, because I never used to do the same thing either. Because I was like, Well, I can't sell accountability, if I'm not reaching out to all of them one on one. Well, but I do hold people accountable on their on these calls with me, I hold them accountable in the group, I you know, as far as that goes, it might not be the way that they think accountability should be and if they were in my position, but it's what works best for me. And so, like, I think these weekly calls are more of an accountability tool.

[1797:16] Kevin Winebarger: Well, I've been afraid to sell accountability, because what I thought would happen is I'd get absolutely crushed with loads of like post called questions. And, and I think I just need to write questions like post called questions like, hey, was thinking about it, and, and then they sent me a huge amount of like, a multi paragraph email. Yeah.

[1803:13] Speaker 0: Here's the here's the canned response for that. This is great. This is a great list of us for to talk about in our next session.

[1804:31] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah. Okay, I need to

[1805:28] Speaker 0: sand like you can solve for a lot of these things. And now it helps manage your time, and you can still sell the accountability and still encourage the POST call questions, but then structure it around boundaries that work for you. Totally.

[1808:51] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah, that is so stupid, simple, but

[1809:43] Speaker 0: that's what my therapist does with me. Because I sent him a ton of stuff after our calls. He's like, wow, that'll be great for us to talk about next week.

[1812:50] Kevin Winebarger: Yeah, it's, it's hard because I'm trying, um, I think a lot of people are wanting that kind of quick dopamine hit, you know, just

[1814:41] Speaker 0: I'm gonna pause you for anybody who's on the Facebook Live Stream and you're watching I have to turn it off right now. So bye bye if you're on Facebook so we can actually keep talking because I'm not on Facebook anymore. Okay, but I cannot continue the Facebook Live stream because my five day starts right. And so it's it's, it's streaming in the next 30 seconds. That is so leveraged. So I found the overlap right here is if I just stopped the stream now the other one will start up is fine. That is so incredible, which is cool. So yeah, this is and I was perfectly on time I committed at the beginning I said this is gonna be an hour long we're not gonna go a minute over. And so it has a five minute intro and it's one hour long. Exactly. So this was something I told my wife I said I know my clients value being on time and somebody who does what they say they're going to do so I'm going to demonstrate that in our free session this week. That's awesome even though I don't like doing it myself personally, I like over delivering and having these conversations but yeah, we're going live let's see are we live on all platforms? So this is something I always have to check by the way if I'm going live is that it's actually streaming into all of these or if it says like streaming error or delay does not look like that. So that's good. So I keep an eye on that and then

[1839:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: just kind of part of my like whenever I launch a event, check. Okay, there we are. So there's our stream right there in the Facebook group. I'm going to pin that. And okay, we can continue talking.

[1844:27] Kevin Winebarger: I pretty much didn't have anything else. As far as me, I just, I think a lot of this is just like interpersonal manager stuff. And, and also reminding myself the context just because they came in in the service, you know world doesn't mean that I need to bring all of that to the coaching world because if I bring that into the way that I'm leading them, it's actually disservice. And some of these, like, that's a great thing to ask internet, you know, a

[1852:23] Speaker 0: lot of people want the quick dopamine hit is what you said, yeah, you want to give that to them. But also you want to really agitate the pain as to why they're not getting it. It's a part of that could be Hey, you got to talk in the next session about this. The boundaries help agitate some of the pain a little bit.

[1856:50] Speaker 1: Mm hmm.

[1857:53] Kevin Winebarger: Already, for sure. Yeah. That's helpful. Thanks. Awesome.

[1858:38] Speaker 0: Dorothy, did you have another question?

[1861:23] Speaker 0: Dorothy, or there's your hand race?

[1861:59] Speaker 2: Oh, hello. Oh, my hands still raised? Yeah. Well, I didn't have a specific question. But I was just gonna say about the people that kind of are not nice. You know, that. I mean, the the sort of level that you're operating on, people, so many people are just not going to get it? Because it's just so like, where you're at with random businesses online is just a million miles away

[1870:07] Speaker 0: from approachable for them to that's the thing. Yeah, yeah.

[1871:16] Speaker 2: I mean, this is you can make it approachable. But just for me, the journey that I've been through over the last year has been like a journey of thinking, right? Okay, I've got to look at my entire life and think about how much time I can commit to doing this. So I've come to a real place of like, inner commitment that I'm going to really focus on. And people are on so many different sort of levels, with their commitment of where they're at. And, you know, and that there really is, and people are dealing with their staff, you know, so it's building that inner protection for yourself energetically and around your sort of auric field and the whole thing really, where you can sort of find ways and in a protection so that you're not so effective, but it's really hard when you see all that negativity. And it's, you know, because

[1885:44] Speaker 0: ends up happening as part of the par for the course having a coaching and mentoring business. Yeah. So it's, it's

[1887:48] Speaker 2: sort of part of it. But I think that you, you know, what you're offering is really great. And that and it's just remembering, or trying to find a way not to take it on and create your own kind of inner practice. Where you can kind of just shed all that negativity or find a way to Yeah, totally. Yeah. Yeah.

[1893:48] Speaker 0: Thank you, Dorothy. Yeah.

[1894:15] Speaker 2: Okay.

[1894:30] Speaker 0: Adele, I see your hand raised this be the last question we take here today.

[1896:04] Adele Best: Yeah, really, it's just a really, it's just a bit of feedback. Jeremiah, I totally relate with everything you said in this call and my coaching qualification last year, they had a whole section on attachment style as a coach and the importance of not being codependent on your clients and not getting into like, projecting your stuff onto the business and keeping yourself

[1901:22] Speaker 0: that is unethical. Yeah.

[1901:53] Adele Best: So I'm really, really on my perfectionism parts and all that stuff. But I'm also just reflect on the person that said that to you. And it really, really, actually really spoke to me. Because if you weren't doing what you were, you're doing, I wouldn't have learned everything I've learned. And I wouldn't be at the position now where I'm about to launch an actual business. So just take what they said, you know, put it in the bin. And the thing is that it inspires me that I have to do what I'm called to do, despite the fact that they'll there will be people that challenge me, but it's, we're not for everybody. We're for the people that into reach to just keep doing what you're doing. It's absolutely amusing. One little bit of feedback that you might want to consider. And I went onto your sales call for a high ticket coaching program, because I wanted to just hear their sales call. I didn't want to buy the program. I just wanted to see how they were trying to sell it. And one thing I thought was really good was they had a Google doc on the call, which was basically like their entire program. But it was like then like it was like mapped out from start to finish. And I think all your material is really really good in each little course. But for new people, you could maybe map out a Google Doc and say like okay, I recommend on You don't have to do this because it's your business. So I'm not going to go through each of

[1921:48] Speaker 0: these PDFs and stuff. But I like the Google doc idea. That's cool.

[1922:39] Adele Best: Yeah. And it just, it'll just somebody that little extra layer of safety of like, okay, this is the, these are the order to go through the courses, you know, just just a little bit of feedback. Yeah, definitely.

[1925:19] Speaker 0: Very cool. Okay,

[1925:51] Adele Best: thank you so much. Thanks,

[1926:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Fidel. All right, well, hey, we're gonna log off here today. And that concludes our call here. I'm going to head on over to the five day intensive that we're doing and then obviously, we're

[1929:50] Speaker 0: we're gonna be over in the in that, a Tony de, do you want to come up and you can just kind of share it here real quick?

[1933:34] Speaker 1: Sure. I was on your on Saturday, you had been given a testimonial, and Oh, yeah. You said to send it over here. I didn't know where you wanted me to send it. Oh, yeah. You could just email

[1936:26] Speaker 0: it to me or or send it on Instagram where you can just share it here.

[1939:10] Speaker 1: It's up to you. All right. Cool. Yeah. Awesome. All right. All right. Awesome. Awesome. Thanks.

[1941:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Thanks, everybody. And then we have the VIP q&a for for that five day here in the next hour. All right.

