CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-02-12T22:02:52.000Z
Duration: 179 min
Otter ID: AbBG_wmJdC3PSN2DGqagaucn9zY
---

[2:00] Speaker 0: All righty. Hello. Hello. Hello. Welcome in welcome in how you doing? Good morning. Hello everybody.

[5:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's funny is 1103 apologize for being three minutes late today I try to try to be on time with fault tolerance of no more than 60 seconds every time I come on here. But today I realized I was going based off of a clock that I had with my wife's approval moved forward by three minutes because it helps her when we're trying to get out the house to go meet people to go based off of it being three minutes instead of five. So anyways, it was a mutual thing that we had decided, right. So I thought that it was what's up. How are you? So again, I apologize for being late here today as far as this goes, but it's going to be worth it because what we're going to be doing is we're going to be talking about something that I believe is going to completely and I'm trying to go live here as well. It looks like I'm distracted right now. I'm trying to like go live in the group. So let me do this. Cha cha cha cha cha, cha cha cha. Cha, my football team won yesterday. So I'm in like, the best mood but unfortunately, it was

[27:14] Speaker 0: clouded by an emotional outburst by sadly one of my favorite players, Travis Kelce. that quite honestly, I don't think is acceptable behavior. Um, however, and it's like there should be no however right? That's what people say no, I'm like, however, him and Andy Reid have this sort of like rough and tumble type relationship type thing. And Andy was like, he body checked in right back 10 minutes later. So from what I see, I don't know this for sure. I know a little bit about Travis's history. And I followed him for so long.

[36:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: He didn't have a close father figure at all. And, and so but what I know is he was raised by his mom and as somebody who was raised by his mom and not having a very close father figure. And you know, what's up? Oh, you found my glasses. My wife just came in here. Thank you love. Appreciate this. So we've had these have been lost for two days. Now my glasses. And I have not been able to find where were they on the side of the blue couch on which window? The front. Okay, cool. So sometimes I That's hilarious. So we have this couch in our house. And this is one of the strategies that I want to share with you, which is why I love that this is all coming together right here. The story here today is with what we saw in the Superbowl what we saw in the halftime show. How many of y'all watch the commercials, right? That's the only part that matters, right? How many of y'all didn't watch the commercials? Because all that matters was was the halftime show. Right? And was I the only one that was watching the game?

[56:24] Speaker 0: Oh, Sherry, two. Okay, awesome. Awesome. So again, I followed the Kansas City Chiefs, my wife and I had season tickets for three years straight in the club level, which is the exact same level that Taylor Swift is on with all literally spent three years right there and my mom, she was like, You know what, Jeremiah, she's like, you're helping my business grow so much.

[63:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna buy you those. And I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you this. It helped me get a lot of really great work out of me was her giving me that gift? How many y'all are familiar with the five love languages?

[67:59] Speaker 0: How many y'all are not familiar with the five love languages? Okay. It's really great to understand this. And by the way, Cheryl, this is incredible because there's a there's a format of coaching that I'm implementing right now. And we have a brand new course that's coming up that I'm starting this week, all about how do you run a world class group coaching program to get the highest level of results for people in a group setting? almost equal to or better than one on one coaching? Is that something that you guys want to learn from me from the courses is how to do that. Now I can't say whether or not I am great at that or not. That's to be deterred. I remember I think I think that I, that my legacy and the legends about me are being written right now similar to like my mother when I talked about that. And again, some of this sounds like it's not relevant, it's very relevant. How many y'all are familiar with Dan Kennedy? Okay, who's not familiar with Dan Kennedy? And no need to be embarrassed about any, any not knowing any of this or anything like that. Sometimes it can be like, Oh, I don't know this. Whatever I don't understand. So there's a book that we recommend that everybody get called The Ultimate Sales Letter right here. Okay, who's read the Ultimate Sales Letter? If you haven't, I would highly, highly, highly recommend that you do. Okay.

[93:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Awesome. We got a couple of people still coming in here, which is, which happens all the time as far as this goes. And oh, yeah. See, look at that I got distracted because my beautiful Latina Queen came into my office and, and brought my iPad. I say that because that's exactly what she is. She's my beautiful queen. She is the most amazing woman in the world. And I'm so thankful for her. I'm so thankful for that. I understand. You know, not everybody here. Has relationships with people. Maybe you're single, maybe you're divorced, maybe you have gone through things like that. Maybe you don't want to marry maybe you don't want kids maybe you don't like love. Maybe love is just like, yuck, how many y'all like just hate the idea of love? It's okay to be honest about that. It's okay to be honest about that. Because that actually can come from a from a healthy place. And I can explain what I mean by that is because the only reason I think, well, I don't want to assume that I'm not going to project my opinions on that on here. But understanding what drives love is what drives us to be able to market our businesses. I'm gonna say that again. And I'm gonna reframe it slightly because the Superbowl was the perfect example of this. Who's familiar with the idea of medieval knights and jousting and or maybe the Roman Colosseum? Right.

[122:18] Speaker 0: Is there is there like so when you see football? Let me let me ask you this. Let me ask you this is I'm gonna I need to I need to do audience participation here. You can do it in the chat. Okay, how many y'all got the chat here? Chat chat chat. What's up? Let me see the chat window to see it popped up. In the chat. 123 words what comes to mind when you think of yesterday's game?

[129:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I want you to compare it to something else in life. Like the Roman Colosseum or medieval gladiators. Okay, didn't watch it. That's fine. Great. Awesome. didn't watch it fell asleep. Okay. Okay. fits of anger. Totally Gladiator. So, war combat, things like that. Well, guess what? So that I think that I think that is super great. Dancing, dancing. Okay, that's cool.

[137:54] Speaker 0: Those who wanted the most one, sending you pictures? Awesome. Sue.

[140:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's marketing. That's exactly what I think of as marketing. Is that exactly. And that's what I love. That's the only reason why I watch the Superbowl because what it is, is there are corporations in the world. How many of y'all know that corporations have the power to do a lot of evil on our planet.

[145:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Does anybody disagree with that? That if you have $7 billion to spend on an advertising campaign, that you can do it for seven or 7 million sorry, it'll be 7,000,000,001 day. You know, Sam Altman asked for $7 trillion for open AI, right. That's a little bit egregious. What does he need that for? That's suspicious to me a little bit, right. But as he needs 7 trillion for with with AI, how many of y'all feel like none of this is resonating with you? And you're a little bit confused. And what I'm talking about isn't making sense. And you're kind of like,

[156:18] Speaker 0: trying to figure out where I'm going with this. It's okay to say that this is this. Is this resonating with you guys? Is this conversation? Something that You're interested in Super Bowl is not a thing. Yeah, well, is there a thing that's like the Super Bowl in the UK? It's connected to marketing. And that's the thing. Yeah. So is there something and this is what I want to look at here, and I'm gonna draw a picture of what I'm talking about. It's all gonna make sense, because this matters to your business for this instance. Okay? So what we have here is the Super Bowl is an event and the event

[169:02] Speaker 1: gets

[170:13] Speaker 0: that looks like something else. That is an eyeball right there. Okay. It's an eyeball. It's supposed to be an eyeball. That's just terrible. I'm not a good artist, and I shouldn't draw things that look like other things. Okay, so eyeballs equal traffic, okay. Traffic means traffic to your landing page. Okay? Does this making sense? How many of y'all are still confused

[182:29] Speaker 0: so again, in the chat, that you guys can help me here today, just by kind of like interacting a little bit in the chat or just raising your hand or some form of feedback, wave your hands, do a dance, something like that. It helps me know when I'm in a live setting like this if like this isn't working. Okay, okay, so y'all are some at least some of y'all are tracking and that's fine. Okay? So the Superbowl is an event that gets people's eyeballs to see advertisements which sends so that's what we're missing from this is advertisements, right? That's what's actually not what I didn't mention as I didn't mention advertisements. How many of y'all have a business and you want to know how to make Facebook Ads work for you? Okay, how many of y'all want to know how to make organic content work for you? Without having to spend any money

[202:09] Speaker 1: okay

[203:41] Speaker 1: how many of y'all

[204:37] Speaker 0: are tired of the fact that the algorithm changes all the freakin time and nothing is consistent nothing is the same nothing can be relied on it seems that what worked six months ago doesn't even work I have something that I need you to understand

[214:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: and if it seems like I'm presenting in a different way here today, what's up Wanda? I love Wanda because she's like, one does like is very emotive in some ways and then others not so I'm like, I love that. But then she like comments and like, Oh, that makes sense. Of course. She doesn't have the Super Bowl in the UK that's why she's just like I'm not interested in right. But um, but I'm sure you know, the idea of love between a beautiful princess and a night from the kingdom of Kansas City. That crosses into the kingdom of the music industry might be something that you resonate with.

[226:12] Speaker 1: Maybe okay,

[227:18] Speaker 0: how sad I cannot talk about my favorite. I know right? I literally just want to sit here and talk about the Kansas City Chiefs all day with y'all but like that wouldn't help anybody. I can tell Wanda you have a you have a similar you have a similar sense of humor as my wife which is funny. My wife just calls it like it is and and does that hey, what's up everybody?

[236:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sue is a Bucs fan. Oh yeah. Hey, listen, I was heartbroken when Tom Brady destroyed the Kansas City Chiefs. Oh the though the pirates pirates. Pirates. The Philadelphia pirates. Oh, Tampa Bay? Baker Mayfield Oh, yeah, totally. And that's a great example right here. I don't use the word pirate because I think it gives a negative connotation. And for what I do talk about. So marketing myself with like negative stuff is not necessarily something that people resonate with this idea of like piracy and things like that, and, and that, but however, we can learn from pirates, Navy SEALs, people that operate outside of the realms of what seems normal as far as that goes.

[251:40] Speaker 0: For everybody else who came on here late or has to leave, or maybe you're not resonating with this, I apologize. We've been here in our secret society here so far, and we've been having a little bit of a meeting right now about what we need to make sure to do. And if we were and we were, we were voting on whether we should let you in or not, is what it was. So I'm joking. I'm completely joking, I completely didn't see that, that there were, there was like five people waiting to get in here. And I'm just sitting here like talking about Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce. And you didn't miss much at all. Everybody else that's here is like Jeremiah has been flapping his jaws for 20 minutes. What else is new, right. And so now you guys are actually getting to the point here. As far as this goes, let me go live here in the group. And then we're gonna we're gonna dive into our training, which is awesome. So join us live on Zoom for live training plus q&a. Full training will be recorded and members area so you can see all the amazing things that we were plotting behind your back when you

[270:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: watch the recording in the members area. As far as that goes. That's funny, I, I've always loved things like spy games and things like that, and stuff like that. So sometimes I draw that comparison. Okay, let's go live and grew. I have one thing that you might notice that I struggle with is that if I'm on a topic, I have a hard time going over to another topic cannot go live in the group. This is ridiculous. You don't have permission to livestream. Oh, you know why I know exactly why I don't have permission to live stream. So how many of y'all have ran into that before where it says you don't have permission to live stream, it's because I don't think I was logged into the right account with this browser.

[282:11] Speaker 0: Is the reason why. So it's trying to tap and you don't have permission to live stream. This is crazy. So what we're gonna do here, now, just to kind of help everybody watch this, as I have to now go over here, log into restrain. Do this

[290:09] Speaker 0: and then go over here. Connect to zoom.

[292:34] Speaker 1: As far as this goes,

[293:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: grab this. And then I have to add this to the custom stream right here. There's the streaming URL. Now I got to add the stream key right here, okay, and then I have to add a link to the Facebook group isn't that like crazy how many steps you got to go through just to get to the finish line just to even do something as simple as doing that. And it's, it's annoying because and then I got to make sure that the settings are correct and that we're not streaming this into every single group that I have right here. Look at all these groups that I have right here. And so sometimes, like if you try to go really really fast and do everything really quickly, and you don't actually give yourself the time to take a look at it right you can really cause some problems as far as this goes. Okay, CGA live training, plus Q and A. This seems to happen about once every three months is where my streaming is revoked. And

[312:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, and then I need the link. I need the Zoom link. Join us live for live training. Plus q&a here. Watch the full training in the members area after if you missed it. We started 23 minutes in on this members dot Jeremiah krakowski.com. Right and that helps people navigate and do stuff like that and all of that as far as that goes. So then I have to go back and I have to do this press go live, make sure that it doesn't go live into anything but the accelerator group. And there we are. Now we are going live in the accelerator and we're streaming so. Gosh, how many? How many of y'all that felt like your first, your first marriage? I can't get in. I can't get in. Right. Horrible, right and terrible. Gosh, how many of y'all that felt like dating? How many of y'all that felt like

[330:42] Speaker 0: running Facebook ads. And so what's amazing is what we've been talking about. Even through my own mishaps, by the way, some of y'all might be like, Whoa, that was crazy. It's almost like he planned that. I didn't plan any of that. But I find that sometimes the best examples just happened. And we stumbled on them. That was a great example of the overwhelm that happens with Facebook ads, how many of y'all have been overwhelmed with Facebook ads? My heart breaks for that. It really does. Sue, every time you told me about how it was, I would like cry inside because I could feel your pain.

[345:33] Speaker 0: And, and, you know, I strongly I believe in intuition. I believe that sometimes we can go through experiences that can dull our intuition, sometimes. But whenever I see somebody and from what I understand, again, I'm not a

[351:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: therapist, like Sue, but Sue, can I ask you a couple of questions on this just so that I don't mess this one up real quick? Absolutely. Okay. So true or false? trauma can cause intuition to be dulled down, and you struggle to be yourself

[356:26] Sue McGarvie: and be authentic, especially if it's abuse. Yeah, I you know, my specialty is sex and relationships. And I hear up right, well, all the, you know, any basic trauma people, you know, you immediately go, this is how are you triggered? And I describe it as animals, right? Either it's a dinosaur, or it's an elephant, or it's a cow, or it's a turkey or it's a sparrow or it's a mosquito, they're always mosquitoes. So what is going to traumatize you? Yeah. Oh, and the more you have, the more you can't listen to your inner voice. Yeah.

[365:23] Speaker 0: Wow. The way that you just sum that up was great. I think you and I should do a podcast episodes.

[367:07] Sue McGarvie: Happily, yeah,

[367:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've been doing this a long time. And you know, what's so interesting is that my inner voice told me that there are a lot of things that su knows that you need to learn, but sometimes, it's hard for you to hear it, because it resonates with some of the trauma voices that you've experienced. I'm sorry about that, but to not judge Sue at all.

[374:36] Speaker 0: And to learn how to listen better and to talk with your therapist about it, because Sue is not your therapist.

[376:36] Sue McGarvie: But I would totally barter services with you.

[378:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Don't I don't know if I necessarily need it in the area that you that you help. I'm teasing you as far as that goes, but I wouldn't be surprised if there are some people even in our group that could benefit from even what you do as far as what do you do what describe it like a elevator pitch as far as that goes? What what do you have background

[383:01] Sue McGarvie: is in reproductive medicine, I was training to be a doctor and got sidetracked to the reproductive system. So I only do sex and relationships. If it's between your knees and your waist. I did that for 30 years as a clinician and all through that I was helping people date and find love and matchmaking is my superpower. I see it with people and I'm constantly I have over 100 Love matches of just people. So what I do is I run I run groups and I help put put people together. I don't do any individual therapy anymore unless it's you know, somebody I know like and trust. I do groups around

[392:49] Speaker 0: who don't want you to find her husband.

[393:24] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, absolutely. I'm epic. That that is the said that is what I'm particularly good at. I'm disorganized. I have a lot of bolts. I believe they cannot my bus change but can

[396:48] Speaker 0: I tell you this my mom. My mom hired a matchmaker three times and they were just horrible and to her but also it could also be they didn't understand A side that, you know, clinically, and they were just focused in on the outward as far as this goes. I mean, they sent her people that literally were like the exact replica of all of her traumas. Right? And you want to know what that is often what happens in the matchmaking world? Not that I'm judging that as far as that goes, right? I don't know that I'm not in that. And I'm starting to realize, like, my inner voice told me that that that's probably what often happens in the matchmaking world. Would you? Would you say that that's probably a accurate assessment?

[409:25] Sue McGarvie: I think I think you'll also project what you think you want. And I spend a lot of time talking to people about why are you attracted? I did. I did a talk this week about the difference between chemistry and connection, and how somebody resonates. But why went down the list and like, well, he's a vegetarian, and he works weekends, and you work days, and he doesn't like animals, and you got two dogs. But she's like, but he's super cute. And his eyes sparkled. And we found a clique. And I'm like, No, yeah, it's that and so your mom is, you know, they're she's projecting what she is, because she's, you know, she's a dynamite woman.

[417:48] Speaker 0: But what's an understatement? My mom was a nuclear explosion. What

[418:56] Sue McGarvie: she may need is somebody who's not threatened by how cool and powerful she is. So yeah, so it's that process. So no. And again, it's it's, it's understanding. I know, like, I'm not,

[422:44] Speaker 0: I'm probably one of the only men that my mom knows it's not threatened by how cool and powerful she is.

[424:07] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, she's, she's awesome. I because because

[424:43] Speaker 0: she raised me that way. You know, can I tell you all this? That's why I think it's bothered me so much when I get triggered by these mean people on social media. Because at my core, I'm not threatened by how cool and powerful anybody is.

[429:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've worked with a ton of celebrities before, literally like some of the top celebrities in the world. And I make deep connection with people to have a lot of fame, and a lot of influence. But I've also been hurt by a lot of them as far as that goes. So anyways, not to project my own stuff. But this is really resonating with me what you're saying, Sue, as I want to get back on what we were talking about here, Facebook

[435:34] Sue McGarvie: ads, Facebook ads is the bane of my existence. Can I tell you this?

[436:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, your background and the fact of how you so I don't think beautifully articulated it but like masterfully articulated it. Beautiful and mastery I sometimes I correlate the two together beauty and mastery, sometimes, but they're different things. Right? You know, I would say that I, some people would say that Jeremiah has a beautiful mind that can masterly articulate things. At least that's what I think about myself. And that's one of my affirmations that I say about myself. You know, and not like the Russell Crowe, beautiful mind like schizophrenia.

[447:23] Speaker 0: That's a topic for another time, right? But your background Sue, and what you've been through, everybody else who's here makes you uniquely qualified. To be better at running Facebook ads than anyone else out there. And I can say that with certainty,

[455:32] Sue McGarvie: I think what what makes me better will eventually make me better at running Facebook ads is that I'm here and I'm showing up like a lot of people follow Adele and I follow people who are saying we're here, we want to let

[458:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, we're doing people been here a year, and they're not seeing results too. And so I want to figure out as a leader, I want to do better. I want to figure out why that is what's going on.

[462:23] Speaker 0: The number one feedback I get is that I that I that I ramble on about stuff that doesn't matter, and that I don't get to the point. It may appear that way today that I've been doing that, but for the last 30 minutes, I've actually been creating, loosely, a framework for what I'm going to be teaching you here today. Which is how to make your Facebook ads convert better through narrative storytelling. And, here, I'm Sue, I'm gonna mute you here real quick. And we're gonna we're gonna teach about this, and I'm going to talk about this. So the number one thing that has the ability to connect emotionally with people is storytelling. Right. And so I was talking about the idea of a

[477:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: and this is really the kind of the picture that I would paint each of this. In fact, I'm not just going to paint a picture of it. I'm going to use AI to help us see it visually because I think as a visual aid can be a powerful, powerful example to us of how to do things well. When we know how to use it well generate an image of an ancient medieval game, I don't even know how to spell medieval but whatever, in a kingdom, between two sides of knights and gladiators that are that are simulating a battle. In the image, make a photo of the most famous what he called minstrel musician in the land, who is be trolled. Not yet, but to the night on one of the sides, the most powerful night. He, however, is flawed. He loses his temper, and she is flawed. Because she's not perfect, which is a joke, because nobody has to be perfect. But some people don't like her because she drinks alcohol and hangs out with other celebrities. They disagree with. Actually, what I'm what, what I'm talking about is the relationship between Travis Kelce of the Kansas City Chiefs, and Taylor Swift.

[511:37] Speaker 0: The romantic relationship and how she sits in her pie box away from the peasants who spent $20,000 per ticket at the game. And she she she drinks her Mead and her beer, and she laughs at the adjusters who throw rocks and tomatoes at her. See, okay, so how many of y'all what I've described right here. That actually feels like the media's representation of Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift. Right. But I drew the comparison

[523:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: to an ancient medieval battle. As far as this goes, I believe Soo, you are one of the first people that actually told me one of the most powerful things I've ever heard. You said, Jeremiah. I think the reason why you understand this stuff differently is your background with video games.

[528:48] Speaker 0: Was it you that told me that? Yeah, and the reason why is I play video games, but I draw comparisons to my real life in video games. And in them I learned lessons throughout every game that I play. I'm playing a video game right now. That's called the battle for poly topia, the battle for poly topia is a kingdom expansion game does that look at that, that that right there is the Super Bowl right now. And right there is Taylor Swift in her box watching the gladiators fight it out on stage right. Paint a picture of this and make it similar to the movie gladiator with Russell Crowe. But same storyline. I look how chat GPT is able to help us create emotionally driving imagery that actually describes and tells a story. And so what happens is is that when we are creating marketing campaigns, we have to be able to tell stories. Well my background comes from being and wanting to be one of the world's greatest filmmakers. I made a declaration when I first married my wife six years ago, but that by the time I was 40 years old, that I would win an Academy Award isn't an Academy Award. What are the Academy Awards?

[554:00] Speaker 0: An Oscar six years ago I declared to my wife that I would win

[556:52] Speaker 0: an Oscar for something that I would do that involves what the Oscars are. I don't know what that is. I think that that It might not even exist yet, because I've seen Oscars for writers musicians, ever. There's so many different things, right? How many categories and the Academy Awards are their categories of the Academy Awards? Right? And how many of you all how many of you all enjoy watching the Academy Awards? As far as this goes? If we look at all of the different roles that we have here, Best Picture leading actor, leading actress, supporting actor animated feature cinematography, you know, what doesn't exist on this? Best AI film.

[571:44] Speaker 0: And I've been studying AI for the purpose of how can I create and tell stories better for a while. And we already have a picture of this. We'll chat GPT right here being able to tell the story of what we're looking at. As far as this goes, this again, a picture of what we saw in the Superbowl.

[578:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, take this, now take the same thing, and transmute it into a picture of the halftime show that featured Usher.

[582:41] Speaker 0: to reimagine the described medieval spectacle as a modern day halftime show, featuring featuring Usher, let's blend a scene that blends the energy and grandeur of a large scale concert. And so what it is, is it is actually describing the scene, the scene is being described currently. As far as this goes to create visual storytelling. So the algorithm in chat GPT took three steps to generate what it needed to make this image with one sentence that I gave it, how many of y'all have had a fun time using artificial intelligence lately? How many of y'all are still a little bit confused by how AI can help you in your business? How many of y'all wish you knew how to use it better? Who's overwhelmed by computers in general?

[598:44] Speaker 0: Do you know that storytelling can be used to shape people's minds and hearts and influence their belief systems? In a way that just telling people what to do? Cannot? How many of y'all know that? How many of y'all have never thought about it that way? Well, I raised my own hand. So you've never thought about it that way. As far as that goes, okay. Adele says it gets into the subconscious, Adele, can you can you? Can you unpack that a little bit more with us? Can you? Can you tell me a little bit more about that? Can you tell me a little bit more about how storytelling and story?

[609:48] Adele Best: Yeah,

[610:09] Speaker 0: so I've really worked with the limbic system and gets into the subconscious to be able to do this. And what I want to explain is this is that the way that you make your Facebook Ads work, because you have to get into into the subconscious of your prospect. And that's what the problem is, with most coaches and mentors, is that we're not doing that effectively.

[615:21] Adele Best: Yeah, so I've been learning storytelling, and another really low, low ticket monthly container I'm in and the coach there was telling us that, you know, content, content that sells is always storytelling based, because people have been, well, humans have been telling stories for 1000s and 1000s, of years, because when we start to talk in stories, we engage the emotions, which is like 95% of our brain, and people don't remember, like facts and stuff, but they remember stories. And not only do they remember them, but it triggers something deep in their subconscious and their emotions. And if we think about people buy things emotionally, then we need to be selling to them in a way that gets an emotional response. And we do that through storytelling, because we've been, you know, listening to stories since we were children. Yeah, and so it's probably more fun as well.

[631:18] Speaker 0: Now, Adele, let me ask you this, because you you understand how the difference between narcissistic abuse and all of that, you know, yeah, a lot of people who abused people actually use narrative storytelling to actually look there.

[636:27] Adele Best: Oh, yeah. And

[636:52] Speaker 0: talk about that and talk about how you have seen a difference and what we're talking about here versus that and how you're able to actually, because I believe that you have a deep understanding of that It has been for so long. Yeah, I have I mean, just add some context here. How many of y'all what I'm talking about right now makes you feel a little bit uncomfortable? The idea of using narrative storytelling to get into the subconscious mind and to direct the conversation or what people think.

[645:41] Adele Best: Yeah, I think I think I mean,

[645:59] Speaker 0: anytime you watch a movie, you know, Disney is the masters at this. Yeah.

[647:13] Adele Best: So what you're suggesting is that it's possibly not ethical to do what we're doing. And it's a little bit narcissistic. So I would

[649:20] Speaker 0: be, but yeah, not Oh, no, no,

[650:22] Adele Best: it can be used for positivity, the narcissist for good or evil? Yeah, and the narcissist is a master of using it for evil. So the way that I got sucked into a narcissistic relationship, and how most people get sucked in, is that the narcissist spends a lot of time asking questions, you'll notice at the start of the relationship, they will drill you for information. And they find out what you love. And they find out your work. And they, they pretend to empathize and you're like, oh, wow, there's this person, they understand me so deeply. And that actually triggers a deep sense of connection and trust. And dopamine is released, and all the hormones are released. And that's what causes the trauma bond. Because for the first time in your life, these scenes you feel seen and heard. And yeah, and when they tell us down

[664:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: the safety and allows people to Yeah, in a way that they don't even recognize until it's too late. That's right, you all have experienced that in your life, or you've had people that you thought were safe. Yeah, but they weren't. I bet Sue, a lot of your clients have experienced that.

[668:19] Adele Best: Yeah, yeah. It's it actually triggers a very, so what they're doing is they're triggering that limbic part of your brain, you actually go back to being a child, and it triggers that childlike part of you. And the thing is that, because of the trauma bond, and all the cocktail of hormones, your defenses are down, and you get trauma bonded to this person. But the thing is that that's related to this topic is that they are learning us, they study us and they learn us, they mirror back what we want, and then pans be what we want. And that's how they get in. So basically ignores this could be very good marketers.

[679:08] Speaker 0: ask you this, Adele, what's the difference? Because what you just described that a narcissist does, is almost identical to what I teach you guys to do for Facebook ads.

[681:32] Adele Best: I know, I was just I was just saying that narcissists could be very good marketers. But yeah, it's the same thing. I mean, it's the learning, learning the person really understanding them deep, deeply, understanding what makes them tick, what they like, what they don't like, what their pain points are, what the traumas are, what their desires are. And then mirroring that back to them is kind of what we have to do in marketing.

[688:48] Speaker 0: And, and I've come to the realization that a lot of the people that I work with,

[691:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: have experienced in some form, that type of pain and abuse because I experienced a lot of that as well in my childhood and all that and I'm not gonna go into my own trauma right now. Yeah,

[694:52] Speaker 0: I will say one thing, though. Can I ask you this? Can I ask y'all this? Do you guys? Do you guys see me teaching in a different way here today than I ever have?

[697:43] Adele Best: Yeah, there's a slightly different vibe. I don't I can't put my finger on it. But I don't know what you're different. Yeah.

[699:35] Speaker 0: Well, that's what I want to teach you. And that's what I'm going to be teaching you in the next 15 minutes. Okay, so you do that? And and I believe that because of such similarity to what because I teach it for free to people, I don't hide it. I don't even like pretend I'm not doing it. That's the thing. You know, go watch one podcast with me and I teach you ask questions, get to know what they want. Get learn them, identify what emotionally triggers them and create a narrative story that draws them in so that you can look them

[710:12] Adele Best: look, yeah, story offers. And I've got another revelation of how the hi this is connected. So what the narcissist goes as well he finds out what you really want. So for me, it was like, I really want to be married to a Christian man and do Kingdom work together. So he finds out my deepest desire, and then he kind of like painted, they do this thing called Future faking where they paint this perfect picture of the future, and they get your back, kind of like they kind of sell you on this dream. That's all lies. And so you buy into this dream and that's kind of what we need to do in marketing. We need to paint the picture or not lies. But but this time instead of lies. It's I See the truth? We need to paint that picture of the transformation. The truth though? Well, if I get my finger right and get my business off the ground, then it's the truth because I've done the work. And yeah,

[722:47] Speaker 0: but you've been here for you've been here for a year, and I sold you on what did I sell you on when you came in here that you were gonna be able to make six figures? And years? So has it been the truth?

[725:29] Adele Best: No, it is the truth. Because it's a co creation. You're

[726:30] Speaker 0: good. You're good. I'm asking you this. Yeah. I love you Adele. And you're amazing. And I say that because and I truly like, it's not that I love you. Like, you know, we're, I'm very careful to use that term. But I love how your mind has been able to process what I teach. And I learned from you how to help my clients better.

[732:25] Adele Best: Oh, that's great.

[732:56] Speaker 0: I'm quite I'm glad about it. And so with that, again, I'd love to have you on my podcast as well here. I'd love to talk about this. As far as this goes. How many of you guys would love to be featured on my podcast? Yes, I really want to be on your podcast. Please. Listen, if you want to be on my podcast, right to Rebecca. Okay. Anybody who wants to be on my podcast, right to Rebecca, go to Jeremiah krakowski.com. And go to contact, it's at the bottom. See, I hide the contact form so much because of my boundaries. I have such strict boundaries that like, I will need you like my boundaries are so much so I moved across town but I haven't moved my my. I haven't moved to my mailbox. Because honestly, like, I don't need my my mailbox to be right in the same area of Austin as me.

[748:24] Adele Best: No, definitely not. I think you need to protect your where you live.

[749:28] Speaker 0: Let me let me let me tell you guys that I think that's a good piece of advice. Most of the people that I know who actually. And I learned this from Danny Johnson, I learned that she would have her mailbox in a different state. Now, I think that Danny did it wrong, she would also lie that she lived in that other state. When she lived in a completely different state that was her protective boundary from people.

[756:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because a she had been hurt so much, but B Danny, Danny hurt me and my mom and other people. And I think, again, I'm not going to talk a lot about that. I know some of y'all like Danny Johnson, I'm sure and think that her and her husband are amazing. I'll tell you they're incredible.

[761:15] Speaker 0: Her husband was one of my first mentors. And he was because he had the balance of strength and kindness all at once. And he showed me when every male figure in my life was not this. How a good father and husband leads and he and he mentored me in that one area. And I And to this day, you know, listen, he was he was a flawed, man. And I think that we're all flawed. In some ways. Danny was flawed, but I learned a lot of great things. You know, one of the things I learned from Danny that I still apply. And it takes a long time is that for me to understand it. It took me a while to understand this. I hated it when she said it. Whenever you ask this question, I don't know what to do. How many of y'all look at Facebook ads and say I don't know what to do.

[778:10] Speaker 0: How many of you look at your business and say, I don't know what to do? How many of you look at your landing page and say I don't know what to do. How many of you look at your niche and say I don't know what to do.

[781:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. Michelle? Michelle Rose says that So Michelle, let me ask you this, Michelle, because I I am so thankful that you raised your hand and that you have have trusted me to be here and to speak this. I got to meet Michelle

[786:20] Speaker 0: face to face and can I tell you this this woman carries a presence that is enormous. Michelle, you are probably one of these most powerful women I've ever met, like on the same level as my mom. And I think you know that internally, but I don't think many people would recognize that about you. Yeah, yeah. Can I help you with your niche?

[795:29] Michelle Rose: Yeah, I have been able to. Since following you and being a part of this group, I've been able to kind of recognize that I have more to give, but it definitely led me down a hole Old questioning everything going through the can I do this imposter type thing? And then so I've been getting stronger and stronger and better at recognizing the direction I want to go. So I'm a fish yoga instructor, which is where I was initially going when I signed up with you and a face yoga instructor. Okay. And so that's why I was like, exercising your face. Yeah. Yeah.

[809:03] Speaker 0: So it's a really cool topic. I think that that's a great niche for you. Yeah,

[810:16] Michelle Rose: and but I'm also a health coach and a group, fitness instructor and a whole bunch of other things. And so and then I live full time on the road as a nomad. So I was doing face, one on one, pre COVID. And then we went nomad. And then I just dropped everything, because I'm an analog soul. So I signed up with you so that I could learn all of the things to be able to move online. And then I shifted niche, like, I should try to do something that grabs my fitness stuff, my health stuff, all the things. And I'm also a consultant for a skincare natural skincare company. So can

[822:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I tell you this skincare is one of the fastest growing industries right now on the planet. Because of all of the environmental factors that we have. I think that we're sitting right now at the beginning of a bubble in skincare. I don't have any evidence around that. I literally just what I observe and what I see. Right now I am invested Currently, I have stock in the company elf. Yep. As far as that goes, I own elf beauty. And I and in two days, I have made $150 I have 30 shares of elf $5,000. Right here. My Tesla is really down, right? We're Tesla, but there's one elf is up. And and what's interesting is is I think that this is just the beginning of that wave. If we look at this, I think that skin care very much it aligns with even AI. And it's very similar. It's the it's sort of the body's version, even of like what AI is doing with marketing and computers and things like that, because you're able to apply something to the skin, and it can shape and change what's going on and improve it without having to necessarily do a lot of other things. As far as that goes on and assist a lot of that does that pretty much describe what you would say as far as that goes? Oh, yeah,

[844:59] Michelle Rose: for sure. Yeah.

[845:29] Speaker 0: Okay. So with that, Michelle, I think that around your niche has something to do with people that don't feel confident in how they look to others, and how they appear to others. And they believe that if people could just see them clearly for who they truly are. Right? Then they would be able to get a promotion, have a better job? Maybe find the love of their life. Right? Whatever that there's another a number of other reasons. As far as that goes, right? What are some of the reasons according to y'all that are here in this group that you think that somebody would want to work with Michelle, after hearing what she does. Because as the group here, what we're going to do is I want to hear how your story has resonated with our students. And what I want to do is I want to create a picture of how you can market to them with Facebook ads more effectively, in an industry that historically, is not allowed with Facebook ads.

[866:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we have two people here that are incredibly powerful. Women, Michelle and Sue. And everybody here is incredibly powerful men and women. I don't mean that to define that based on anything as far as that goes. I believe that inside of everybody is this powerful presence, but sometimes we don't recognize it and all it takes is somebody else seeing that inside of us.

[872:43] Speaker 0: That's that's a core that I believe. I believe that sometimes the only reason why people do not reach their potential is because nobody gave them a chance. But as somebody who has also been on the flip side, I know that if we just give everybody a chance. That's not healthy either. Because if we just get you know Adele, if you You just gave every guy that looks exactly like the picture of what you want to do a chance. That wouldn't be healthy Sue if the if the people that you help gave every person a chance that will probably do more harm than good, right? Yeah, as far as it goes. So this is what I want to draw a comparison here to Facebook ads. Michelle, this is great. And what I want to do is I would love to unpack this a little bit more. In the group, I would like to unpack it a little bit more.

[890:00] Speaker 0: In fact, what I'm going to do is I'm going to give to you an hour with me and Sue.

[892:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you, and we can work together on Zoom. And so you're like, wait a sec, I just bought a package of coaching with Jeremiah and she just got this for free. What the heck? I understand. I understand that maybe that doesn't seem fair. As far as that goes, Okay. Here's why I am doing that is because I want to make a investment

[898:39] Speaker 0: into what I believe is going to give dividends as far as this goes. So okay, so and then this past week, I gave Sue, I gave you a subscription to the accelerator, right? And how many of you all again, like you feel like that's a little bit unfair for me to just give sue a free subscription and Michelle a free hour as far as that goes. Especially when I have such boundaries? Right. You know, in fact, how many of you how many of you think that I should just give everybody a free? A free subscription to the accelerator? Right? Or at least a free month? Right. You know, I'm not gonna give everybody a free month. I understand. Maybe that's not fair. And I understand that. Sherry, you know, we've been talking in DM this week, at Sorry, I'm exposing our private life a little bit, Sherry and I have been connecting a little bit. And the reason why is we have a similar background in a lot of what we've been through in the faith world. And I see it as an investment that I can make as far as that goes. So here's all I ask in return, Michelle, Sue, you don't have to do this, because I didn't set this as an expectation when I gave you this. So again, by the way, that is one thing that I think is important when you're coaching, don't change the parameters of the expectation later. With people, it's one of the biggest things that I have found that really hurts people. It's one of the biggest things that I find that as coaches is why people get hurt from scammers and things like that. It's why people are so because they're like, Okay, wait a sec, I joined this program. And it wasn't what I thought it was. I thought Jeremiah was going to teach us about Facebook ads. I thought Jeremiah is going to teach us about landing pages. Okay, so we've reached the top of our hour here, and I do want to take a q&a time. But how many of you want me to kind of like, land this plane just a little bit and maybe take the next five, five minutes to do that? As far as this goes? Okay. All right. So yeah, sharing I we've been talking in DMS, I don't DM people I don't that's still my standard. But my inner voice as Sue describes that I love that inner voice. I think that's even better than like, because there's so many different like religions, and then ways like, think people describe like, Holy Spirit, spirit guides, my inner goddess, my, you know, like, and I just like, for me, it's an inner voice. And sometimes my inner voice is literally just me talking to me. Sometimes I do think there may be other spiritual aspects at play here again, as far as that goes, um, who knows? As far as that goes, that might be your perspective. I grew up in the church, and I go to church, and I love Jesus. And that's what you guys know that about. So anyways, sometimes I feel a leading or an inclination, my inner voice, whatever that is, tells me, Hey, you should do this. And it's an investment in your future. And oftentimes, when I'm coaching people, that's what I do. And that's why sometimes I go off on a tangent. And so what I felt was as Michelle to give you that free session, and my wife and I had a conversation, she was like, Jeremiah, what are some ways that you can help people earn different rewards inside the program?

[951:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I was like, I don't know, I don't know this person goes, I don't think I'm going to do where they can, like earn DMS their program or a free session. As far as that goes, I don't think I don't think I think that that's too much as far as that goes, and for my business and what I teach you guys, I don't think that that would actually be a good example, as far as that goes, right?

[957:23] Speaker 0: Because I teach you you need to be profitable. And I talked about that, and I haven't changed my stance on that. Profitability is the most important thing, but the investment that I'm making is all that I asked them for. I'm Sue and Michelle and again, Sherry, if you'd like is that if these things that I teach you work, and you end up having a good result from it, possibly having you submit a testimony, as far as that goes, that's all that I ask. That's it.

[967:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what we've done here during today, as we have, and I've been doing it the whole time, and it's what we talked about what Adele said that, from what

[971:17] Speaker 0: shady characters in our life maybe did, yeah, video testimonies, great. Shady Characters in our life might lead us with storytelling. They might ask questions, they might even and by the way, this is a way that a lot of sometimes less than scrupulous people do is they give gifts. The devil knows that to be true, right? You know, they give gifts. But I realize that and I talked about the love languages at the beginning here today. So the five love languages are this. There's there's, there's gifts, acts of service. Physical Touch, quality, time. And words of affirmation. And I'll tell you this. My wife is acts of service and receiving gifts. If I want to show my wife love for her, today is the day before or two days before Valentine's Day, right? The way that I show her my love is acts of service and gifts. But sometimes I don't have the time to do the same acts of service that I did before. And now we have a baby. And sometimes if we're growing our business, or there's low lows in the business gifts can be that and so what really matters is it's not necessarily the lard, the size of it, it's the value to the person as far as that goes. And sometimes the value of the gift that you give, could be exponentially great. But to you, it might not seem that great, you know, for me when I teach my concepts on a webinar takes me an hour of my time. But they're super valuable to the people that we work with. And I've already hit our time limit here. So I'm getting better guys at like, actually sticking to how long I commit to taking things so I apologize. I'm gonna I'm gonna finish though because I don't I don't think that like just ending it here and taking questions is gonna work. Okay, and then we did the to lead here today. How many of y'all have questions? How many of y'all have questions? Okay. Can you put them in the chat? Real quick? If you have them? Raise your hand, would you be able to articulate your questions very quickly. Okay. And I think that that's one thing that we want to make sure of is we want to make sure to learn how to articulate things better. I'm probably one of the worst examples of this. So it's very hypocritical of me to ask you that, as far as this goes to learn how to articulate things better and take less time to do so. But I'm working on doing better in this and it's a culture that I'm looking to, I believe is going to help in here is helping you guys get better to explain things and how to put them into shorter words and things like that. AI can be a great tool to do this. Okay. So what we've been doing here today as I have been per performing a marketing treatment on you guys. And treatment might not it's more like a spa treatment. It's not like, right, it's like a it's like a I've been performing a sort of mental reframe a little bit of a thing to help you guys understand more of what I know, in just one hour of time. How many of you have learned a lot of new things that you didn't know about? About marketing here today? Okay, So some people did. Others are like I knew all this all along. Okay, great. So because we just had our members and all of that, what I do is this is that I systematically use this time here today to help everybody that comes in the program and a message that I think applies to everybody. The issue is, if you've been following me for a while, you've probably heard me talk about this in one form or another in some way. As far as that goes, right? Sherry, I was just messaging you about this as far as this goes. And so, to land this plane, what we have to do is we have to get really, really good at the hook story offer. And we have to learn how to use two things to tell that story. The written word, that's number one, and visual aids. Okay. So my background in in filmmaking, and my background in video games has, and a lot of the video games that I play have long drawn out, dialogues in them. So I play these games where you, you basically play as a hero, and you go in, and you are about to do something great. And it really is an archetype of the hero's journey. What's interesting though, is I learned this. Actually, Zelda was like that. So the Zelda series. And the reason why Zelda is such a great picture of what we do is sales copy and Facebook ads. Is this. The main character in Zelda

[1072:31] Speaker 1: is

[1073:07] Speaker 0: link right here. Okay, this is link right here. And what this is, is this is a, this is a toy, this is a child's toy right here, right? But it's also a video game toy. He can become what is called Wolf Link. Okay, so he can transform into the wolf, the wolf format of himself as far as this goes, but the only reason that he does this is to defeat better monsters. Okay. So it comes from that perspective, and we talk about you learning from the way of the wolf as far as this goes. Okay. And we mentioned to you throughout this that a lot of these strategies are sometimes used by people that are essentially wolves in sheep's clothing as far as that goes, that are looking to hurt people as far as that goes. One of the number one things that I have been falsely accused of when I teach marketing as being a wolf in sheep's clothing by people because they don't understand that actually, I'm a wolf that's a protector. One that fights for his family one that fights for his pack. One that goes to war I've a busy cat. Yeah, okay, that's probably it. I don't know.

[1098:10] Speaker 0: A pussycat Yeah, I gotcha. Look at my black cat here. How many of y'all were taught growing up that black cats are a form of witchcraft and that they are not to be trusted. Can I tell you that this little thing right here has been with me for the last 11 years

[1105:43] Speaker 0: and that she is the sweetest little cat that you'll ever meet, but she has claws. And sometimes when my son wants to play with her, I have to keep him away from her because he can get scratched.

[1111:32] Speaker 0: I have to protect my son from my love. My love with my cat because he can get scratched and that can produce diseases and that and I don't know if y'all are familiar with Cat Scratch Fever and things like that. It's actually a real thing because they dig in the litter box and stuff like that. So a cat scratches actually. It's actually very dangerous as far as that goes. Okay, and so understanding this is powerful. And I don't know if people are leaving Just because they have to go do other things, or they don't like what I'm talking about, we don't know. I guarantee you, I'm gonna have a few people leaving our program here after today's session, because they just did makes them feel uncomfortable with what I talked about here.

[1125:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. You have to learn what are the tools that work that are effective. And sometimes the tools are not always what you think they are, which is why

[1130:46] Speaker 0: if you want to make money in your coaching business, these two books are two of the most powerful. And these are two of Dan Kennedy, I would say does this so well, because he is loved by many and yet, he rubs a lot the wrong way. My mother was mentored personally by Dan Kennedy. As far as this goes, okay. Jordan Belfort, on the other hand, was arrested and went to prison for defrauding people of milk millions of dollars. And for me to even incur encourage you to read his book. By that encouragement alone is offensive to some people. And even the title is, and yet, and I say this multiple times, this book is actually one of the most ethical sales books about reaching people with your message that I've ever read. I've read it five times, because I had so many people just tell me that they didn't. They didn't want to read the book, it made their skin crawl to learn from somebody like Jordan again, for me, I can look past what he's done and might still be doing. And see the undertone of the truth. As far as this goes, you know, I can look at what happens politically in our world, I can look at what's going on with the Superbowl, I can look at how various political parties market on all sides of the aisle and see how they effectively do what I'm teaching you to do right here. The written word and visual aids. And the Superbowl was a great example of this. The commercials from the halftime show to even the narrative storyline of this, and the goal to do this is one thing and one thing only to produce an emotionally triggering results in the mind of the prospect. Because you can't, and you're when you're marketing, you're not able to be there physically, you know, they talk about how the stomach is the way to a man or woman's heart as far as that goes, right. However,

[1166:06] Speaker 0: that's not always the case. Especially when people have thought that something was a juicy apple and it turned out to be a poisonous apple.

[1171:37] Speaker 0: And you know, that story even as a great example of how we are to market and sell with our Facebook ads. I've been I've been hinting to this here. And in fact, one of my favorite storylines, and one of my favorite movies is Maleficent. Because you learn that actually what really drove the quote unquote, evil, whatever she was in the one story to do what she did, Disney has a new movie out called wish that I'm not going to ruin it for you. But it's directly tied to the story of Snow White or Sleeping Beauty.

[1185:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Snow White, isn't it? I'm mixing the two up. Which one has Maleficent Sleeping Beauty? Yeah, Sleeping Beauty has Maleficent Snow White has that. And I think that actually this is a great type of the fact that sometimes things aren't always as they seem. As far as this goes. Maleficent from sleeping beauty is right here. But if you watch, there's a whole TV series, there's a whole movie series about Maleficent where you learn and realize that she's actually not as evil as she looks, even though from that perspective, maybe she might be and you learn the heart and what drives her and things like that as far as this goes. But you also understand that with sleeping beauty and so when I say is that there are things that we can learn. C poison apple, Snow White Snow White is the one that I'm actually drawing most of my comparisons from. Okay, so food can either be a poison apple, what is the C? Look at this. And there's the poisoned apple and this this is rarely what happens with people.

[1207:59] Speaker 1: But what did

[1210:27] Speaker 0: what does she transform into?

[1214:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: The evil Queens transformation, right, the Evil Queen. And we understand the story of the Evil Queen. This is often how evil leads people is very much like the Poison Apple story from Snow White. It appears like it's good, but it's not. What I encourage people to do is this is to actually learn from what might not be good. But to do the greatest good to be as again, I've just pulled from the Bible, as the Bible says wise as a serpent and harmless as a dove to do no harm to people, to help people to bring them in. And how many of you as coaches and mentors don't plan to bring any harm to your clients? Right, I don't think any of us do. If you do plan to bring harm to your clients, I would encourage you to leave this program now. Because I don't work with that. Bs. I don't work with people that plan on hurting other people. And I believe that in group coaching programs, we can become a more powerful pack to go out there and to create the results that we're looking for. So when you do Facebook ads, you have to learn to use the written word and visual aids in a way that triggers the same level of emotion to help people quickly make a decision of if they should work with you or not. And oftentimes because of social media, how many of you all have heard about social media addiction? The slow release of dopamine that happens while people are scrolling on social media? How many of you are aware of that? How many of you didn't know that that's what causes the reason why social media is actually more addictive than cigarettes. Did you not know that? Anybody here. So social media alone is more addictive than cigarettes. And one of the most powerful ways to be able to get really good at your Facebook ads, I talk about this all the time is to do something that's playful. That's fun. But there's a piece of it that I didn't share. Because, for me, I don't ever go off social media. Whenever I do that, I just play a video game and I'm on social media. And that's what I do. Well, I did an experiment this weekend. And much to the chagrin of a few clients. Even my wife got a little bit concerned. And

[1261:31] Speaker 0: it was hard. I went through a lot. How many of y'all know that when you go on a vacation, sometimes you come back with clarity as far as what to do with your business. How many of y'all know that after the holidays, we come back with clarity.

[1265:55] Speaker 0: One of the best ways to be able to clearly create Facebook ads that convert is to go on a short three day dopamine detox from social media. How many of you get off social media for three days in a row and you notice that you're thinking more clearly?

[1274:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: How many of you this even feels a little bit uncomfortable to talk about that even shows a little bit of why the factors of what this is so what we have to learn is two things we have to learn a how to get off the drug. First off, okay. Social media is like a drug. Media is like a drug.

[1280:12] Speaker 0: simultaneously. And I don't necessarily have a lot of evidence for this other than my 21 years of experience in running ads very successfully. So what I'm doing is I'm starting to three days, it takes you a lot longer to fully detox, but what we're just doing is we're just doing a microcosm of that, you might even be able to do a micro one where you do it for two days. Okay? You know, like I'm debating even implementing this as part of my five day intensives is to have in the middle portion where I have people actually get off social media. And we, we move it over to a zoom call and things like that, so that we're able to simulate this for them, and help them learn better. Putting them into an environment like that, how many of y'all have gone to a retreat or a seminar, or you've spent time away for three or more days, and you come back with a new sense of clarity that actually changes your life in a big way? Okay, you can, you can create moments of this. But the problem is because we live in a world that is so driven, to do things quickly to get to the point quickly to manage our time well, is that oftentimes, we are unable to understand what we really need to do to get results.

[1300:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I believe, and I propose this and this may be one of the most powerful things that I have ever taught is that the answer to your Facebook ads, and your sales copy is taking three days off of social media as one of the first steps to get clarity of what to say, to get clarity for your niche, to get clarity for your offer to get clarity for how to do that.

[1308:30] Speaker 0: And sure, I could have said that at the beginning here. But I don't know if it would have resonated as much the reason why is we've talked about how storytelling and narrative storytelling is addictive. That's why social media works. It's telling you a story. As you swipe, every single swipe tells a story of your hopes and dreams and creates an up and down emotion. That each time it goes down and up at the peaks and valleys triggers a different release of dopamine inside of you. And this is how social media keeps people hooked. There's a Netflix special on this actually, that's a great thing if you want a little bit more clinical and scientific information on this. It's called the social dilemma. It's on Netflix. How many of y'all have seen the social dilemma? who have not seen the social dilemma on Netflix. Okay, so that makes a lot of sense. Because I think you're gonna I assumed everybody has seen the social dilemma on Netflix. Wow. The social dilemma talks about what they call attention trafficking. And I'm not going to go off on a tangent about how this is only getting worse right now. Apple just released their Apple vision Pro. The Metaverse, things like that.

[1333:42] Speaker 0: You know, I, I have a VR headset here I play video game. This is like this right here is my three versions of interacting with the digital world. I have a computer that's a video game computer. I have a gaming console and I have a VR one. So I am deep behind enemy lines. And a lot of the things that I know everybody is addicted to I am a consumer of addictive media, probably more than any of you are. I watch television, I watch TV, I play video games. I look at every landing page. I scroll social media for hours and hours and hours and hours at a time. Okay, the reason? Why is this because I have learned

[1345:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: how to not let it control me. And how to be able to by doing this, it's all about market research for me. What you have to learn how to do how do I find the time can talk about that? We'll take questions here in just a second. You know, I've been accused by some people of neglecting my family because of that. Or neglecting my business or gosh, if you just focused a little bit more on your business or your family. Maybe you could help people more. No, actually I do that because it helps me in my family and business because I grew up where the internet was how I found safety and security in a home that had a lot of trauma and abuse. Okay. And it's one of those things that I believe a lot of people in the world experience a lot of your prospects that you can coach because we're finding them on social media are way more addicted to social media than you are.

[1362:43] Speaker 0: And that's why you have to learn how to ride this wave with them. You have to learn how to ride the emotional wave using the same exact narrative storytelling format that they use in the Superbowl commercials that they use in fairy tale movies that they use in video games. And you have to do so with your ads. And you have this is the part that I think people don't understand. You have between three and 10 seconds for somebody to decide and judge everything they need to know about you. And the best part is that has nothing to do with your physical appearance whatsoever. You know, I have intentionally worked on figuring out how to make this work by appearing on the outward like the like the less than appealing appearing. Woman that's here. Honestly, she's the evil one. So we'll call her the evil woman that's here, right? That's, uh, you know, but maybe she has good intentions, right? Maybe, maybe she has a good reason. Maybe she was traumatized, right. And I can argue my way into even validating why

[1388:58] Speaker 0: the Evil Queen is possibly good. Especially from what I've been through, I grew up in a church where the pastor was the most evil that I experienced. And I was told as a child that you need to trust these adults and do whatever they say.

[1397:14] Speaker 0: And the reason why I share these stories with you is because it paints a picture as to how I've learned to do what I know how to do really well. And what I discovered in the last week is that we have to learn how to tap into advertising, at the same level as a $7 million Superbowl commercial, before we have any budget to do so. And the two things that we have at our disposal are our words spoken and written to tap into the minds of people. And so when I tell you to make video ads, what you're doing is you are tapping into an emotionally driving story narrative to show up and ride the wave of the dopamine release on social media. And when you do this, effectively, what you have to do is you have to tap in directly into the thoughts, beliefs and experiences of your target customer. And you can't do so in a way that doesn't align with exactly who they are. Because we understand this, how this works so well. You can laser in on who you want to work with. And who can get the best results in your business, I have attracted in our business, what I believe and those that are here today, the 21 people that are on this zoom call. I believe that the 21 of you that are here today are the very best people to have the ability to do this in our program,

[1421:36] Speaker 0: and are actually the most qualified to be able to create the best Facebook ads. But I have to apologize, I've not been the best at teaching you this.

[1425:32] Speaker 0: And so moving forward, we're changing this program. And we are adjusting it and we're tweaking it and everything that we're doing is completely different. And how we teach it, what we're going to start to do is we're going to start to sunset, certain courses that are in the members area, you'll still have access to them. So that's the cool part. You're not going to lose access to anything that you paid for. You'll have 100% access to it while you're in here. And again, some people there's a little bit of a confusion you don't get lifetime access, you get access while you pay the fee as far as it goes. So like for Sue, I gave you a year in the program, you get a year access. It's like Netflix, I design it. Just like Netflix you lose access when you stop paying as far as that goes. We're also going to be teaching you how to tap into what drives people, particularly around subscription revenue, so that you can have free curring revenue so that you can take three months off in your business and still bring in six figures. Okay, but you have to understand how to do this well, or, or the whole thing doesn't work. And that's the problem. You have to understand how to tap into the Five Love Languages of your target prospect, you have to also learn how to strategically discover what drives them, what motivates them, what keeps them up at night? What do they dislike? And that really is what it is, is you have to understand this, you know, I'm not talking about leading with their pain and fat. You know, today, did you notice I did not lead with any of yours of yours pain? Very much, maybe a little bit? If so, that was by accident. I'm still healing my own pain. But you have to understand and there's a difference between that understanding and leading with, does that make sense? So with your ads, you have to deeply understand the pain that people are tapping into. And you want to know why people are addicted to social media, it's because it numbs their pain. And so what you have to do is you have to tap right into that and become the ultimate painkiller to the deep pain that they have that your coaching can can achieve. So would you say that your clients experience a great level of pain I know that many that are in here have experienced the deepest level of pain from Facebook ads and the Facebook Ads Manager and you feel like Mark Zuckerberg the ads manager might literally make you feel the same way as an ex boyfriend or ex girlfriend or whatever that is. Right. Stinky puing yucky so what we have to do is we have to learn how to do this and we have to tap into the childlike drivers of our prospect we have to tap into what actually draws them in from a core level to do this the evil Emperor Yeah, exactly. And here's the thing a lot of what I've taught you today

[1479:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of quote unquote evil corporations do better than anybody else. Because that is who you're up against. That is who you are working. But here's what I see a picture of how many y'all remember Toy Story

[1485:55] Speaker 0: You know, I love I love Toy Story, I think I think it's great. Look at the evil Emperor Zurg. And space commanders and what we are is the accelerator program is essentially like Starfield, space commander, and I am like Buzz Lightyear. Though I draw more, I'm probably more like Tony Stark. I'm probably more like Tony Stark, right? Ironman. If I drew a parallel to one character, this would be how I sort of envisioned myself I even drove a car. For years that was the same color that he did. And I was like, What in the world that's crazy. It's because you have to learn how to do this in a way that taps into the algorithm and rides the wave of dopamine in a way that touches the hearts and minds of your prospect in order to get them to give you their email address, a private part of themselves that they don't share with anybody else. And what you want is, there's usually two things as far as this goes with that. People have a fake and a real email address, you want to learn how to get their real email address. I get people's real email addresses all the time. This is why I teach email marketing so much. So the problem is, is that most people don't know how to get the real email address other people they always get the fake one. And then they wonder why nobody shows up to their webinar. Nobody else shows up to their training. Well, because you're literally talking to a brick wall right here. So to do this, your messaging has to tap into all of that. There's a lesson Sue I don't know if you watched it Lesson three of ads optimization. Does what I shared here today make a little bit more sense of the context of what I shared in that lesson.

[1516:43] Sue McGarvie: In hopes I'm I'm working on it. I have a new student I've actually hired somebody to to work on this with me to have them go through the training to I'm going to send them on the training and And just to make sure that that that going to do that, and then I'm going to spend more money consulting with you and make sure we've got this. Yeah, because the new website launches tomorrow for Valentine's Day, and it's two years in the making, and I've got a budget to be able to do Facebook ads, and I want to make sure I know what I'm doing before I do that.

[1525:11] Speaker 0: And here's the thing, here's what I really teach people how to do. I don't know if you all have grabbed onto this one yet some of y'all Ave just did. That was a good tip. That was also a good trip, is what it was. Because I just took y'all on a journey. That that what we really teach here is to help you extract the real email address from people on the internet through Facebook ads. That's what you really want to do. And then you want to get those people to show up on your webinars so that you can sell them what you offer. And the problem is, especially when it comes to dating stuff, especially when it comes to skincare, especially if you're talking about what I do with Facebook ads, people give a fake email address, I get fake email addresses all the time. But 50% Of all the emails I get are real. And that's why our sales are so good. And I did a lot of this subconsciously. But I went through, I went through a powerful therapy session and actually took three days where I went into what I call monk mode, how many y'all have heard of monk mode. So I did monk mode for about three days, I let my beard grow out, I barely I made a mistake, I barely drink a lot of water, I have enough water, but I barely drink enough water. I barely ate anything. And I and I actually didn't sleep at all for three days straight. Because I was so excited about what I was learning with this. I do the same thing with video games, I'll stay up for three days straight and just play a video game for some time. 72 hours straight. It's a thing that gamers do when a really good game comes on the scene, because you can finish the whole game in three days. So I did that for you so that you don't have to. Does that make sense? And that what I've been able to do is in the last hour and 40 minutes, give you exactly what has been missing from our program. And sure, is it perfect? No. Over the next couple of weeks and months, we will be adding new courses to the program. We'll be moonlighting the older programs, we'll be adding new ones to teach you how to you ride the wave of dopamine on the social media platform in an ethical way, with your Facebook ads to get the best email address so that the people who show up in front of you actually want what you offer. Because the problem is a lot of people were where you are Sue and Sue again, you're just you're kind of my case study that I'm looking for here. Because I believe when you said that I want to be your best testimony it is. So what I found was this that through your pain was the answer that I was looking for. When Sue gets people on a webinar, she can close them. But she doesn't know how to do is get people on the webinar from ads. So what we're going to be focusing in on in this program is how to get more people to show up to a webinar so that you can sell them recurring memberships. And we already have really good training about sales, we already have really good training about webinars. This book right here is probably one of the best books on this topic that you can find about hosting a great webinar. But what we're looking for is I want to get all of you to the point where you have more email addresses than you could imagine if your if your email list had over 100,000 email addresses on it. How much money do you think that would make for you, especially if you had a 50% show up rate on your webinars? If you had over 50,000 people that you could get on a zoom call with you? Do you think a few of them you could get them to sign up for a monthly program at $97 a month with you?

[1587:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right, or even $47. Okay, so that's what we're going to be doing. And what I've done is I've created a picture of that and an experience here today to lead you to the new way that I'll be teaching as far as this goes. And my goal is for to not take two hours to do that. My goal is I want to shorten the length of time of all of our courses.

[1593:59] Speaker 0: But sometimes we have to lean in to lean back. Lean back, lean back, lean back. How many y'all know that? Yeah. Sunil knows that right. Lean back, lean, but I used to be a club DJ. So that was like my thing is all that and I was funny as all the people around me they were all taking ecstasy ecstasy plays on the dopamine and people was mines, I never took ecstasy, I just drink a lot of alcohol and hung out with people that took it. And I learned what taps into people that have ecstasy brain.

[1603:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: Social media as a digital form of ecstasy. I believe, again, I don't know if that's clinically verified. But what you have to do is you have to learn how to tap into with people that are on these platforms that are riding this wave all the time swiping up and up and down, and up and down, and up and down, and up and down.

[1610:26] Speaker 0: How to create better organic, we're going to be adding organic training much deeper into our program. So that you don't have to run Facebook ads, how many of you all would love to learn how to use organic content and not have to run Facebook ads? Everybody, that's going to be the new part of what we're doing. But we're not going to back off on the Facebook ads side of things. What we're going to do is we're going to elevate bowls, we're going to start teaching bolts to help you get the real email addresses from people without spending hours direct messaging, people doing anything sleazy, slimy, or manipulative. That feels yucky to you that you don't want to do, okay. And so that's what this program is going to be focused on for the next

[1624:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: at least the next six months. As far as that goes. And in the next six months, what we're going to do is this is we're going to pivot all of my messaging for my offers and ads to attract people around that.

[1629:04] Speaker 0: My current target client base is generally women over the age of 30. Some men over the age of 30, I think everybody who's in here is over the age of 30. We're going to be pulling in a new clientele that we've not tapped into men under the age of 40, that love video games. A group of people that really closely mirrors myself, a group of people that I believe, does not have the skill to mentor anybody. And we're going to teach them how to be how to mentor people, how to start a business, how to grow a community, and how to impact people for good instead of evil. How many of y'all have heard of Andrew Tate?

[1648:26] Speaker 0: That's his demographic, that's his market. And rotates audience is who we're going to bring into this program.

[1651:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: But I have to figure out how to do this the right way. So we're not going to do that for at least six to 12 months, we're not going to pivot in that direction for at least probably the next 12, maybe even 24 months, I'm gonna still focus in on just business owners, women, mostly more of a feminine energy as far as this goes.

[1657:18] Speaker 0: And bringing some of the tactics and strategies that I've learned from being the very opposite of a lot of what maybe you guys are. What I've learned on how to use Facebook ads, what I've learned from studying Andrew Tate, I've studied Andrew Tate, probably more than anybody should. Because I'm like, How in the world? Is he doing this? How in the world? Is he reaching so many people? And why the so many people hate him? And is there something that we can learn that I can learn? That again, listen, I don't agree with tape. Honestly, I think the way that he uses course of intimidation is illegal. And it's the same as sex trafficking. I'm not a big fan of it. I'm not going to teach you how to do that. But that's who he's drawing in as his clientele. But he's using tactics that ride the wave of this for a membership. He has a membership program. That's $50 a month for young men. What he calls pulling them out of the matrix and that's what you're you guys are doing you are pulling people out of the matrix. I don't know if y'all have seen my red pill blue pill emails that I've sent out. As far as that goes. The matrix is becoming even more of an actual picture of what's going on on social media. And what we have to to do is we have to learn to go into the matrix muscle much like Neo did to bring them into our dojo how do we How many of y'all remember those scenes in The Matrix, the dojo.

[1688:15] Speaker 0: The Dojo is what the accelerator is, the accelerator is a dojo, that's what it is. Because what I do is I'm training you how to morph and adjust and actually move in the matrix and how to, on how to work inside of it to find people to wake them up, that are asleep on the algorithm, and to sell them on your coaching to transform their lives. So they can go out into the world and do the things that they want to do for good. And I believe that that's why coaches and mentors change the world. And that's what I believe every single person that's in this program has the power to do with your message, okay. But what we have to do is we have to learn some things that maybe seem a little bit weird. They don't quite seem like what we do. And then what we do is we learn that and we pull it into and translate it and transmutate it, I don't know y'all are familiar with the term of transmutation. So what I discovered this past weekend is that I that I, unknowingly am a bit of an expert at transmutation, changing it in the form, nature or substance. Because I believe that you can take because all that we are in our world is energy. That's what I believe consciousness is energy. Our interactions are that the love between my wife money is just your energy transmutate money into coaching. Okay. And that's, that's what look at this the alchemy of gold making. That's really what I teach you is the alchemy of making gold. As I teach you how to and this is the world that I spend a lot of my time in is fantasy role playing video games. This is one that I've been playing a lot called the battle for Polly topia right here. I've also been playing one called Crusader Kings three, where you actually play as a king. That is expanding his kingdom, you're growing your kingdom. And it's a direct picture of what we do with Facebook ads almost identically. So what I'm going to teach you how to do is what I've learned using this video game. To apply to my business, I'm teaching this as well, to my church. I'm teaching this to and we have a we have a very unique church that I think even if you've been you hate religion, you guys would love it. I promise you that you would. That's what they are our church really it's in Austin, Texas, for the people that hate religion, and Austin. And it's it's it's a very unified church where you can come in with any belief systems that you have, and you'll love it. It's so incredible. And I'm and we're actually using the strategies of Crusader Kings to do that. The path of Crusader Kings is exactly how you use Facebook ads to get the real email address through your organic traffic to sell people more. Okay. All right. So that's how the program is going to be changing is we're gonna be shifting in that direction. And I'm gonna teach you how to use narrative storytelling to do so in a much better way. How many of y'all feel like you learned a few things, and you're excited about the direction that we're heading here today? How many of you would like to learn how to coach and create Facebook ads and presentations that do that with people when they see you? That's what we're going to be teaching you how to do, how to create things that keep people hooked all the way to the end that even if you're talking for two hours, like we have, it doesn't feel like they've spent that much time with you. Because this whole time I've been basically doing that I figured out what the dopamine resonance of our audiences and what our group is. And what you got to do is you have to ride the wave of the dopamine as well in your presentations, you have to actually do this and in how you coach people, because what it does is it allows you to keep people engaged throughout. So what we're going to teach you is how to engage better, we're going to teach you a much deeper level of successful engagement. What we talked about engagement years ago doesn't work. Right. So we're gonna take questions now. I think this is a great time for questions and we'll go on we'll do the questions for a little bit longer than this. Denise, I know you and I, we have a one on one session here as well. When is our session? It's at two so we'll stop at two Well, actually, we'll stop at 130 Because I have to go eat something before I meet with you, Denise. Okay. So Denise, are you excited for our session together? Yeah, exactly. Because what I'm going to do is I'm going about I'm about to break down for you Denise how to do this is much better. Yes, I tapped into the actual energy of, of what this is. Okay. Does anybody smell peppermint right now? No, I do. Sherry smells peppermint. Yeah, it's interesting.

[1771:50] Speaker 0: It's a little it's a little something that I discovered this week. Is that when you effectively do this, sometimes the brain thinks that it smells things. It's really weird. Yeah, right. Exactly. Yeah, it's it's I don't understand how that works. I'm sure somebody that understands brain science might be able to figure that one out. Sue, what do you think that is? Why do I Why didn't me and Sherry smell peppermint right now we have a very similar, I think, faith background.

[1781:23] Sue McGarvie: I don't know about the peppermint. I use it for you know, anti mice just moved to house and so there's

[1782:23] Speaker 0: actually there's no peppermint in my room or my office right now. The

[1783:27] Sue McGarvie: I was just I was just listening to the stuff about aromatherapy. And it's 20 256% increase in memory, obviously, so the scent is accessing memory because that access to any

[1786:38] Speaker 0: of you have any sort of a smell or anything where you're at right now.

[1788:14] Speaker 1: Any sort of a scent? No. Okay.

[1789:32] Speaker 0: So, but I think what that is, is I'm wondering if I've heard this, I've heard it, and it sounds like craziness that yeah, essential oils is this actually Jordan Belfort teaches this with you. He teaches you to find a smell that triggers your brain into tapping into this mindset. So if there's something in your office or room right now that you can smell I have this essential oil right here, Georgie and Ben off actually taught me this, his wife created this essential oil, they call it bliss oil. So one of my clients. So smelling and so what I'm doing is I'm actually tapping into my ability, with smell memory to remember this moment in time that we're at right now. And so what I can do is I can smell this. See Jennifer's doing it, too. How many of y'all have essential oils with you? I'm not going to start selling essential oils. Yet, maybe, maybe we might my wife and I love essential oils. We have a ton in our house. My wife has actually studied the science behind smells and things like that, too. So anyways, if you have some sort of essential oil, I think some sort of like a minty one, though, is usually better for you if it's like minty, because it triggers and Jordan talks about that. Basically he says he likes a Vicks Vapor Rub type of a smell is what he does. And, and, and all that and so yeah, Sue, thank you and I gotta duck out. We're gonna take some questions here. About all of this that I've been talking about. I bet some of this is a little bit weird for some of y'all. How many old some of this has been weird? No, okay. If you read this book, it's not going to be as weird as it sounded like. Because I assumed everybody I talked to us read this book. It says it's weird. Okay, that's fine.

[1820:14] Speaker 0: Have a read this book. Have you read this book? Okay, can you come up? Oh, look at your background is

[1824:02] Abhay Bakshi, USA: changing is changing every day for better? Yeah, so

[1825:16] Speaker 0: what's weird about it?

[1825:49] Abhay Bakshi, USA: The weird is weird is a bad word in the sense. I mean, I need more I need to see more. I need to understand more. I mean, we have Michelle and Adele and I was about to raise my hand. And so that's that's what I would ask you

[1829:12] Speaker 0: a question. Yeah. Well, let's let's let's talk about that after I take their questions. Yep. All right. Cool. Awesome. Anybody else got questions? Raise your hand. Is there a course on copy you can look at so we're gonna be talking about that. So copy is cool. We actually just taught three lessons that I think are going to help you with your copy already. Tiffany, let me show you this real quick and then you can duck out if you need to. So we just did a brand new jumpstart training here and the group. Okay. This is our jumpstart call. There's a video of it in the group. It's also in the members area. It's actually the three videos that are here in the group right now we have the Jumpstart call Tiffany Tiffany Can you come up on screen

[1842:20] Speaker 1: Tiffany Yes. Awesome

[1843:22] Speaker 0: let me ask you this does it feel a little bit like I've tapped into my inner Sandy Krakowskie today

[1844:55] Tiffany Quinones: you know this was kind of cool I was like oh my gosh this is um it was a more laid back type of a relaxing different way of seeing doing and I just got a lot of aha was yeah yeah so I liked it very nice All right

[1852:18] Speaker 0: I'm just keep smelling us. So copy the Jumpstart call that we did. I break down a lot on copy on Oh, yeah, we had a copywriting call to that was at this live copper and call Tiffany. Go watch the live copywriting column.

[1855:58] Speaker 0: Okay, I actually taught how to do this with copy. But I didn't teach the foundations of it, which is what we taught here today.

[1858:41] Speaker 0: I taught how to use what I taught here today, but I didn't teach where it comes from. Oh, yeah. So this right here. The copywriting call if any of y'all missed the copywriting call right here. The copywriting review call. I broke down with a number of people we had Dorothy as a yoga class. Ariadne has her it was like divine feminine release your inner goddess. I don't know if I'm butchering it, but thing and then Brenda, I don't know Brent Brenda's here either. Brenda is more from a like a Christian conservative background. And she's doing Facebook ads for real estate agents. So it was really wide ranging, how I actually taught these concepts to three very different niches to people at three different stages. So Brenda is at the very beginning stage. Ariana is in the middle stage. And Dorothy has been following me forever. Dorothy has what I taught here today helps you.

[1876:34] Dorothy Watkins: Yes, I'm looking forward to listening to the first half because I was traveling. So just came into the second

[1877:59] Speaker 0: half. Okay, cool. Yeah. Watch the first half. Yeah,

[1878:46] Dorothy Watkins: discussing with this whole idea of kind of getting towards being Evergreen. And that's definitely what I'm looking at and of how to get to that point. But I can post quite I can, I realized that the other guys have got questions as well. So I don't want

[1883:04] Speaker 0: to do Michelle's question here.

[1883:27] Dorothy Watkins: Yeah. So that I mean, if you have time for a quick chat about that, but if not, I can put it in the group. You're

[1885:23] Speaker 0: great. I love it. Yeah. Did you know that a lot of this when you do this helps you run your group better? Do you know who the master at doing this is usually its mothers mothers are usually the best at doing what I've just told you how to do here today with their kids. mothers know how to run a household with 2030 kids better than anybody else. Generally, dads struggle more with this, but they can learn it too. And men and dads do this a little bit differently. So I've been learning more about this how my son responds to a lot of these different things. It's a lot of the foundation of what we're what we're doing here. All right, Michelle, what's going on?

[1895:06] Michelle Plucinsky: Um, so hey, I'm looking at it's Michigan son. We haven't had son in so long.

[1896:53] Speaker 0: Yeah, well, part of Michigan. You're in.

[1897:33] Michelle Plucinsky: I live in Ann Arbor. My business is in Dearborn. Dude.

[1898:27] Speaker 0: Did you love the championship? Yeah,

[1899:44] Michelle Plucinsky: the lions were amazing. It would have been so awesome. What they made it but like, we're

[1900:47] Speaker 0: so what about Wolverines though? Yeah, yeah,

[1901:47] Michelle Plucinsky: I don't follow the Wolverines. But yeah, that's pretty cool. I mean, everyone's like, yeah,

[1903:06] Speaker 0: I grew up in Sterling Heights. So

[1903:47] Michelle Plucinsky: yeah, that's where Christmas from my husband. So it's fun on your mom about it. And you guys mentioned it, it's like,

[1905:04] Speaker 0: I have a feeling that's actually why you resonate with us a lot more is because of that failure where you came from place.

[1907:00] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, and her business acumen and you know, homeschooling all of that.

[1908:07] Speaker 0: So it's this is why again, I tell so many stories about my past, is because if any of y'all quote unquote, have a similar past that resonates more, we find we connect better with people who came from a similar place.

[1911:14] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, and your mom, religious but I like the New Age kind of version of that. So that's kind of

[1913:02] Speaker 0: fun. Yeah. I've read all Gabi Bernstein's books. So I like I told my pastor that today I'm like, I read that but then I still filter it through the Christian Bible. And I don't draw all of it. I kind of I literally I asked my Holy Spirit like, Okay, is there is there like pieces of this that that fit you know, and I I do I'm I am. I really do hold my faith strongly? I do. Yeah, I

[1921:41] Michelle Plucinsky: think there are universal truths. Totally, that Exactly,

[1922:22] Speaker 0: exactly. I think there's universal truths in all religious texts, and now he wants to have a conversation. That'd be a fun conversation with the man that he invited me to speak to here in a couple of weeks about how there's truth in all religious texts. Yeah, because they're not really about that.

[1928:02] Michelle Plucinsky: But they should be. That's what's to be

[1928:33] Speaker 0: maybe maybe some of it. I would consider these two to be religious texts for what we do. Yeah. And maybe it's not religious, maybe it's more just guidelines of how to do things, which is the pirate's code, which is it's not you know, Jack Sparrow. It's not, it's more like guidelines.

[1934:40] Michelle Plucinsky: And Dan Kennedy speaking in May, I'm not going to it, but I think I mean, he just has so much wisdom. He's very articulate.

[1937:13] Speaker 0: Sherry, you look concerned. Now, but what's funny is you've listened to Dan McCollum enough to know what I'm talking about here a lot, right.

[1940:35] Adele Best: Okay, so Michelle, um,

[1941:00] Michelle Plucinsky: my question was kind of a tech thing. And then I have a comment. So you mentioned stream yard, which we just got out of, and we're using switcher, so in my membership, I'm doing a live Facebook thing on Zoom. I would assume it has the same capabilities to join.

[1945:53] Speaker 0: I don't know I never use switcher. Okay. I know. Explain a little bit more same capabilities to join in switcher streaming.

[1948:32] Michelle Plucinsky: Well, when you said okay, I'm not going live, you're gonna jump in stream yard. And you showed us like, it was fun to watch. It was in restream restream. Sorry.

[1950:44] Speaker 0: I prefer restream than stream yard. It's probably my favorite. It's more of a nerdy like video gamer platform is why I like it. Probably.

[1952:45] Michelle Plucinsky: That's why our person gave us restream for that reads. Yeah, it's

[1953:56] Speaker 0: definitely like the gamers, I'll use it. So. Okay. It's the most effective, I think for what it does. Alright, so I can check my stream all of my five day stuff and do it. The five day intensive, none of those sessions, I was actually live teaching the main session. Some of y'all don't realize that because I've learned how to create an atmosphere that's like it's live and nobody, I'm even I'm even able to predict what questions people ask to the point that it looks like I'm actually responding to what's in the chat feed. And when you get really good at it, you'll you'll be able to do that. And so and then that's why I host a live q&a. Because that aspect, but for me, I only have that time for the live q&a. I don't have time, five days a week to do that. But I want to create that same experience, because it's the most effective. We've seen a 80% loss in results. If we tell people that it was pre recorded.

[1969:13] Michelle Plucinsky: Every time you monitor that comments, then can you go back and monitor

[1970:17] Speaker 0: I haven't been I started to. Okay, so I changed it to where I'm actually commenting while I'm sitting there. Interests, I'll probably teach that as a method here soon to the group. So there's a little bit more transparency with them. It is but like if I host it because of what and listen, there's some people they see that as deceptive marketing. They see that as I'm lying to them and things like that. I've been accused of that quite a bit. From some people. They're like, it wasn't real. It wasn't Evergreen. And I'm like, Well, I use a a back chat. What is back channeling goodness, I've never even heard that word. The heck is back channeling. I draw it from television, television hosts live events all the time, the news is not actually live. Right. So I draw from other news does a live news broadcast it. Generally as I record them, the way that my family works, my wife goes down at about nine and I recorded most of those sessions at 10 o'clock at night. And then I use restream to play it back in the group. So it's it's the first time anybody's seen. It's as close to live as I feel good. But it gives me a sense of for myself control over my emotions, to where I don't get triggered if I have somebody who's really nasty and mean in the comments. So I can separate the two if I do that. So that's really why I do it is to serve people well. And I think if I teach it the way that I just said, I think that people will love that. And they won't feel quote unquote, I pulled the wool over their eyes, right? I don't want anybody to feel like I've pulled the wool over their eyes. Does anybody that's been here that was on my five day feel like I pulled the wool over your eyes a little bit over the fact that it was recorded.

[1998:55] Speaker 1: Do you feel a little bit

[1999:38] Speaker 0: upset by that? I understand that, oh, it's a classroom term, but actually don't Okay, Michelle, what's up? Sorry? So, no, that's

[2001:56] Michelle Plucinsky: okay. So the other thing I wanted to say is I'm doing a membership, we already have a following. So I'm doing a membership. And then once that launches next week, I'm concerned or looking at how I'm going to gather new people into that audience. So what you were talking about today, the story sells and all those things. You know, I'm always interested where you're headed. So it's nice to watch you and see how you evolve. So what's

[2008:09] Speaker 0: cool is this method that we're using, and this is the part I haven't talked about yet. Because I'm not good at it. That's the thing. So I don't teach stuff I'm not good at. If I teach it, it's because I'm good at it. I'm really good at toeing the line of like, perception versus reality. Very well, but doing so in an ethical way. That I think is has integrity. Because that's what video games are.

[2017:10] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, I had a video gamer work with us and she comes down for projects. That's a different mindset. So I appreciate your viewpoint. Thank you. It's

[2019:05] Speaker 0: important. I think it's important because when we're reaching people on social media, social media is built by gamers as what it is. So you're using a platform that was designed by gamers to give them products that they want. And the reason why is because video games are the single most addictive form of media.

[2023:58] Michelle Plucinsky: Well, I sat in the Super Bowl like that Timo or whatever. I was like, Who is their client? Like that was awful. It was

[2025:40] Speaker 0: no team, I got the creeps at a tmos ad.

[2026:44] Sue McGarvie: Yeah,

[2026:56] Speaker 0: so did I and it was all about the creeps in that ad, right? It's because you're if you have any sort of intuition or inner voice, it just didn't feel right. That's a great example. And what you just said gives me a great way to teach people how to hear their inner voice. So I'm gonna mention that. Okay, how many of y'all saw the ad? How many of you see it ads that just you get the creeps by? Some of you may be got the creeps by me today. I apologize. If so. But it's just because I'm tapping into a lot of the stuff that like Adele says that like people use that are not have good intentions. And I'm using it and I again, it's all energy transmuting it into a new format. I what I've done for you guys is I transmute video games into training about Facebook ads and organic traffic. And webinars, the way that I know how to make a good webinars because I know how to design video games really well. And I don't know if y'all have caught on to the fact that I've mentioned that my dream is to create some of the world's best video games to impact people. What's step one of that attract the entire audience. guys getting the picture what I'm doing here, you're getting a picture of my long term goal here. of why I think I can create video games, if I draw in an audience of people under 40. Because my goal is I want to be able to impact people that are my son's age when they're 50. Better than anybody else. Alright, Michelle, Was that your question? Or did I answer it?

[2054:54] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, you got me? Yeah, definitely. Thank you. Yeah.

[2055:43] Speaker 0: So the social dilemma is really good.

[2056:12] Michelle Plucinsky: I've seen that. I think that Super Bowl is interesting. I think you're smart marketing to who you want to build. That's definitely happening with us. My habits are very clear with my staff. Here's where we're going and making sure word leaders

[2060:53] Speaker 0: are building what draws them to you.

[2061:45] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, and it's difficult when you're a leader because you have no one to compare it to or chat with because it's never been done. You know, there's

[2063:36] Speaker 0: there's a huge pornography is the other one. I think that's the most addictive that is something that I stopped engaging with years ago. You know, but I'll tell you this before I got married, I mean, like a lot of young men, it was my my drug too. So and then I learned like, how to attract women and do that and then get a wife.

[2069:41] Michelle Plucinsky: But like, the things are hard to hear that social media is addicting when we need it. Social

[2070:48] Speaker 0: media is just another form of pornography. That's all Yeah. And

[2071:52] Michelle Plucinsky: so then you gotta set boundaries or guidelines because it's true. It's so easy to get sucked in but I have to know what's out there to modify what I'm selling, but you

[2074:24] Speaker 0: don't have to look at porn. Honestly, it's how I was able to quit porn quit alcohol without having to ever feel an urge to go back. here because I made as because I made the reason why bigger the reason why for me is to not pass on that behavior to my son. Makes sense. The reason why is to not create a lack of safety for my wife or the women that I work with. The reason why is that I started changing my health as well, we were struggling to get pregnant. And the doctor and the doctor said that my wife was fine, but I, we did a test with me. And they said that there is a 0.1% chance that you're able to impregnate anyone, Jeremiah.

[2090:55] Michelle Plucinsky: And that was from drinking. Yeah,

[2091:27] Speaker 0: it was from drinking, and the food I was eating almost exclusively. Did you know that the food and alcohol that people eat in the world today are designed for population control? I believe it to make it to where it's harder for people to procreate and to have children. And again, that's another that's a much more political, deeper topic. Why do you think they're marketing it so hard? Why do you think they're trying to get people hooked on the social media so hard and

[2101:37] Speaker 0: understood? Thank you. It is evil. In my sense, it is. They're controlling people's biology through advertising. That's what McDonald's does.

[2107:20] Speaker 0: That's why I've been working out more. That's why I taken a detox that I'm on. I'm on an intestinal cleanse this week. I've been doing a gut microbiome rebuilding this week, I've been working with an incredible company to do that. That one I may get an affiliate program for because of how well it's working. And it's not for me to lose weight, either. I'm not trying to lose any weight. And I made a decision I don't I'm not trying to lose weight. I just want to be healthy for my son.

[2116:25] Michelle Plucinsky: Yeah, there'll be longer and you'll have more stuff. I mean, we want

[2117:13] Speaker 0: to have more kids too. We don't want just to have one. Anyways, that was another that was a whole other topic. Thank you.

[2120:52] Speaker 0: I'll share the name of the company. It's incredible. They have a podcast, my wife has researched it a lot. So my wife is really good at finding like really good companies that do things that are really hard to find quality with. That's how my wife was able to find me. My wife actually found me as a husband on Facebook. My wife actually commented on my social media. And then her and I met and she was following my mom for a Facebook ads course. To do ministry and marketing, that's how my wife and I met. I don't know if y'all knew that. I actually attracted a spouse through Facebook ads. So Adele, be careful with that one because, yeah.

[2133:19] Adele Best: From my next for my next, watch the

[2133:56] Speaker 0: ads optimization training that I just did in the ads optimization course. And I actually talked about that the way that you run Facebook ads is almost the exact same way you attract a spouse almost exactly.

[2137:12] Adele Best: Okay, this is deep. This is deep. Well, Jeremiah, what's up? This has been one of your best trainings, I don't know what's caused or triggered this new approach, but I'm really loving it. It's it

[2140:36] Speaker 0: was the three days of monk mode. Wow. And

[2142:00] Adele Best: you should do it more often because you're completely on

[2142:32] Speaker 0: file. So that's so that's the thing is I can't do it more often. Okay, because, because I wouldn't be as effective in my business or my family.

[2145:24] Adele Best: Yeah, it's balanced. I understand. I mean, like you I've decided I'm going back to the gym this week. I'm fasting three days of every month because I want to get spiritual.

[2147:27] Speaker 0: Oh, that's cool. I like that for you. Yeah, it's not a bad thing if you know how to do it right if you know how to do it.

[2149:00] Adele Best: It's really more for spiritual downloads for clarity

[2150:09] Speaker 0: that's why that's why that's why I did this. Yeah,

[2150:55] Adele Best: I want to have the edge spiritually as I launch out with all of this but I really didn't know so much about social media dopamine stuff. It's been quite sobering. So I'm really gonna because I think I've been through math and social media. I really need to distance myself and really see it as business from a business perspective and stop being so codependent on it. I think I've been a little bit codependent so that's really good. But so just my question is, as I've been kind of more of pivoting towards the business coaching, I'm obviously following a lot of female business, seven figure business coaches apparently and up What what seems to be really trendy at the minute is they're all going on about selling from stories. And monthly recurring revenue is big. Because if you think about women were so good up children, and we want them to

[2163:50] Speaker 0: let me pause you, why do you think I came up with what I come up with? Yeah, I'm just copying what all them are doing. But I'm gonna do it better. You put

[2166:08] Adele Best: the see the thing is that, yeah, I thought what I realized that I really want to have, as I build this business, I want to start off building monthly recurring revenue from the start, because if I'm going to pack in my nine to five, I need to have that kind of stability. Because I'm a mother. And so and the idea of being able to basically top your landing page and and little stories and put it on your stories is, so they all talk about, oh, yeah, I need X amount of money with the launch. But absolutely, they're launching every day and their stories they're selling all the time. So it's quite smart what they're doing. But so basically, my question is, I know that you did a course last year on memberships? Are you going to do a new course on memberships and monthly recurring revenue? Oh, yeah.

[2178:38] Speaker 0: Last year is really good, though. On that side of it. Yeah, I might go back and rewatch it because it needs less updating than you'd think. Okay,

[2180:58] Adele Best: so but I'm not gonna, you know, disregard ads, I'm still gonna put ads completely into my business from the very start. And there's so many out there, like, they all say, No, you've got to test your theory, you've got to test your market with organic media, and don't be putting ads on anything until you've done

[2185:36] Speaker 0: that. I do disagree with that, if you don't want to do it the way that you know how to do it, if you don't know how to do it, the way that I know how to do it, you do need to test your audience organically. And so we're going to teach you how to do both at the same time, because that's what I do now. Because I do well, what

[2189:24] Adele Best: you're going to be teaching in the next six months is exactly what I want to learn. So I'm definitely not going anywhere.

[2190:45] Speaker 0: I have a vision by the end of the year that our company is making at least $10 million. And this is how I'm doing it.

[2192:22] Adele Best: Right. Okay. Well, I'm staying here to learn it. Because you

[2193:27] Speaker 0: guys feel why I have that much confidence and what we're doing. Yeah. So how many of y'all want my confidence in my ability to make 10 million for your business? Like,

[2196:41] Adele Best: teach us teach us? Everything we want to learn? We want the same. Totally.

[2200:41] Speaker 0: So did you have a question? No, it

[2201:17] Adele Best: was just really, are you going to do another course? Around monthly? Oh, yeah, definitely build the business has stable monthly. So what

[2203:20] Speaker 0: we're doing is we're starting this month, we're starting this month with it's, it's I need to actually come up with the title, but it's basically how to well, we'll come up with the title right now I'm going to come up with it. How to run a world class group coaching program that impacts and changes people's lives for the better.

[2208:37] Adele Best: Yeah. So that's

[2209:12] Speaker 0: what I'm going to be teaching is how do you run a group coaching program? Yeah, that you do membership or not? Because you can sell a group coaching as a one time fee as well.

[2212:19] Adele Best: And so how do we build the like, imagine if you had four or five fingers coming in, guaranteed every month. So if you had some kind of crisis, which we know life always throws us that we can confident that we don't have that we can take time off, and we've still got that revenue coming in, that would bring that bill so much safety in my nervous system would be beautiful.

[2217:33] Speaker 0: That's exactly why I pivoted in this direction, because I realized that this that the safety is needed to be able to help people do this. So I teach people how to create safety in their life. So one of the things that I learned through my background, I don't need to tell you my background, because y'all know, some of y'all again, don't know what my background is. Y'all only know maybe 10% of what the real story is. Not that I've lied at all, but I've left out some parts because they're way too graphic for some people. Because I feel like they would be way too triggering actually, to almost everybody here. If I shared to you the level of psychopathic abuse that I've experienced, not just narcissistic, psychopathic. I have been abused by psychopaths in some form or another, my entire life.

[2234:35] Adele Best: I think that's why I resonate so closely in this group. Have you met Jeremiah? Because everywhere I go every workplace every like, it's not just been one relationship. For me. It's like everywhere I go. I think that

[2237:22] Speaker 0: I don't know. I think, again, that's my judgment of them as psychopaths. That's funny. I'm going back to this now, to bring me out of this negative feeling. I'm feeling very dark and negative talking about this. Does that make sense? You know, and there's a reason why because of the pain that I've experienced. Yeah. Falling back into.

[2243:28] Adele Best: That's actually why I switched my knees. When I started coaching people for free and narcissistic abuse. It was too heavy. And I was like, I don't want to do this.

[2245:24] Speaker 0: I believe that I believe that. Yeah, I believe that there are things you can learn from people like that. I think Jordan Belfort probably is a psychopath. I mean, that's crazy, right? That's insane. That's like, why would I tell you to read a book like this? Because it is so well written about the gold in what he did to defraud people. That it basically he he did all the work for you to pull all the good out of it. And there's a little bit in here that I don't like, but like, it's a great book, but it's written by a man that's hurting a man that I still don't think that he actually does, necessarily. Again, that's a lot of judgment that I'm casting in him. I also have a faith that believes that anybody can be restored and redeemed, but I also know that there's real evil in the world. So yeah, definitely. Yeah. There's a book called The people of the lie that talks about there are some people that have a way of thinking that can't be redeemed, redeemed. Yeah, because it's basically like a brain trauma type of a thing. And that's generally the type of people who have we'll be considered like psychopaths, like Ted Bundy, serial killers, things like that. I like I said, No more graphic down that path, because it gets really dark. Really, that's, I think this is going to help me keep stuff from getting too dark with you guys. I feel like I need to go to here. I'm creating a sort of an addictive smell memory to this right now for myself already. So that was actually the reason why this was developed by Georgia and banned off. Do you know who Giorgio and ban office and his wife Coco.

[2275:46] Adele Best: I've heard you talking about them a lot. They

[2276:24] Speaker 0: rescued children from child trafficking. Oh, yeah. And they teach the children how to think differently by having them smelled us. And they actually teach you exactly what I've taught you here today, they're actually really good at it. They're really smart at it. Because it's what they've they've taught because what happens is when you rescue somebody from an abusive situation, the chances of them going back to the abusive situation are extremely high very quickly. And so what this the smell memory does is it helps anchor it's an anchoring technique. And I'm not a big fan of NLP and anchoring techniques. I don't use any of them in what I do at all. But this could be one piece of an anchoring technique. That's not NLP, it's more of a smell anchor.

[2289:02] Adele Best: It's really, really interesting because in my trauma work, it's all about creating that feeling of safety in your body. And this makes me feel

[2291:04] Speaker 0: safe. So they had a they had the they had a chemist and a scientist and multiple smell scientists from around the world develop what they believed was the best, safest smell ever. Oh,

[2294:11] Adele Best: tell me what it is. What is it's called bliss.

[2294:54] Speaker 0: It's called bliss oil.

[2295:14] Speaker 1: All right, can

[2295:37] Speaker 0: you buy it when you when you become Yeah, you actually can you can get it when you when you become a partner of Georgia and ban offs ministry. The joy of partnership, this is him right here. He's amazing. They go around the world, and they have orphanages around the world where they help children and rescue them out of this. And so when you become a partner, they send you a bottle of this stuff. Wow, as a partner of theirs as far as this goes, and you can watch stuff on their site as far as this goes about partnering with them. And they're, you know, they're a little bit more religious, I think, than even my own tastes. But I spent four hours with Giorgio and talking about this what I just told you right now. Well, you know, this is we want to use this and bringing partners. Yeah. Because

[2309:50] Adele Best: when the thing is that a lot of people when they try to, you know set out on their business journey, they can't action strategy, because it's triggering. So if they could get like a bottle of something that grinds them and makes them brings their nervous system back into that online state quickly. Then these are

[2314:08] Speaker 0: not stock videos. These are videos that George Ian's team has made when they receive your children in Cambodia that were that were fighting for the army there and this is Georgia play. For the because he's also found that music is one of the ways that we tap into that why do you think Taylor Swift is so connected? And everybody loves her? because she's learned how to do this with music. Well,

[2321:00] Adele Best: yeah, well, why do you think the enemy also uses music to open open doors?

[2322:22] Speaker 0: And what I would try to do is not use churchy terms like the enemy. Yeah. But you know what I mean. But let's think about that it's evil. why would why would evil want to use music? To get people to do things that cause them to not have kids? Blame it on the alcohol, blame it on the alcohol.

[2329:15] Adele Best: Yeah, see

[2329:45] Speaker 0: what I'm saying. So I used to DJ that stuff in the club for years. Because I learned with the addictive songs that everybody wanted to listen to her and I could get the entire club jumping.

[2333:02] Adele Best: Let's say, I wasn't amazing YouTube last night about a guy who was a rap artist sold his soul to the soul, the soul of Satan. And he taught he told he told a story about the hook. Because you know, the rap music is all about the hooks. The repetitive hooks, yeah, he's when even he got away from the music. And he's a pastor and I one time show was a great example of that. He said it was very hard for him even when he was in church to worship because he couldn't get the hooks out of his brain. That's it. It's it's really spiritual, as well as metaphysical. The Rock Music probably operates on the same kind of, it's the same kind of it's all interconnected. It's getting into people's brains.

[2344:03] Speaker 0: I mean, look at this, this is Usher's Usher is right here. And here he was, so that so even the format of how he stripped his clothes off in the Superbowl ad was to tap into the sexual driving nature of the message that they were looking to impart to people with the advertising.

[2350:17] Speaker 1: Yeah, in part, yeah.

[2351:06] Adele Best: I know. It's crazy. It's yeah.

[2351:55] Speaker 0: So again, you don't need to use sex to do that, though. That's the thing. A lot of people hear my message. And they're like, Well, I'm not gonna dance around naked on social media to get clients. And I'm like, you don't have to. I'm not dancing around naked on social media. Right. I did make a joke though. On one of my trainings, I was like, All right, I'm gonna go full kimono. And I did like one button on my shirt. And I feel like I bet some people were like, Wait a second. Why. And I was like, just kidding, you know? But like, like, what's interesting is even if I have this hat on right here, watch this. Instantaneous trust happens when I take my hat off.

[2364:33] Adele Best: Or you look so more professional like Jeremiah,

[2365:06] Speaker 0: when I take my glasses off right here. It feels like I'm coming more down to earth because I'm being more vulnerable and revealing other parts of myself. Does that make sense? Totally. And so what it is, is, this is why what we want to learn is we want to tap into what drives that in people effectively, I want to put my hat and glasses back on because it's more for me. I would probably reach more people without the hat and glasses, but I do it for me. And it repels a lot of people that I don't want to work with because of their judgment. So again, I've tapped into that with the repelling a lot. The reason I got the video games, it strategically repels the type of client I don't want to attract. So all right, does that help Adele?

[2379:07] Adele Best: I can't wait for the new content. I'm really excited.

[2380:02] Speaker 0: Awesome. I'm gonna take obvious question here. And then I gotta and you know, we might Denise we might just go we might just go right into our, our training our one on one call together. We'll communicate. I'll stay in touch with you, Denise and then we'll figure that out. Because I really want to lean into these questions that people have here. And I really want to serve this group Well, today, and this is the part that I didn't talk about. So some of you are like, is every session going to be two and a half hours right? I had I had somebody write me the other day they're like I just can't be in your program. I don't have two and a half hours to sit through a session to learn stuff. And then what ended up happening was is that everybody who asked for their money back after 30 days there's only like, there was like one it was there. It was I've had two people in the lead Okay, so when I say everybody it's two people basically. My wife is like you need to like actually say what it is and not used sales copy to make things sound bigger than they really are right. And so everybody who joined the program and as asked for their money back in 30, like that's two people in the last like, three months of ads. Out of like, I would say, maybe 175 People that have like come in over the holiday season, which is also for memberships. So we all don't know this. November through February are the worst time for coaching businesses. January is actually the worst time because all the marketing is getting people under their New Year's resolutions, then people have a hangover, so they have the holiday hangover. And that's what happens in February is the hangover. And that's why the NFL has the Super Bowl on that time, because it taps into people's hangover, and it gives them new things to strive for. You see how they're literally right are the the world actually uses the calendar cycle to repeat to ride the wave of consumers behaviors? What's up? Sherry? What are your thoughts about all this?

[2419:40] Cheri Toledo: Well, having come from a counseling background, in addition to this closer, in addition to education for so long, I think I think you've unveiled what we've all kind of known as there. Yeah. In that we know we're being manipulated. But I think that, and I think that's one of the things I've struggled with is I don't want to manipulate people. So I don't use messenger. And you know, I could never because I'm like you I like words, I like talking with people. And so my issue is how do I transform that natural FINITY toward those things into sales? You know, if I'm using messenger if I'm using so I think the way that you're approaching it with the acknowledgement that we're all being, you know, manipulated that way and how to use that. Yeah, in a responsible way. And I think that glorifies God, you know, that guy? Can

[2438:18] Speaker 0: I have you hear real quick? Yeah, so I forgot the Abbaye had a question. Okay. And that's a big reason why, again, you know, there's a, there's something that I've had some people telling me that they don't like about me, is I have a, I have a really bad short term memory. So So I, that's probably because of what I do online and things like that. So sometimes I struggle with that. And so it might look like I'm overlooking somebody, or that I'm not a good or qualified leader because of it. And I get distracted and, and things like that, or I don't finish sentences that I'm talking about often. And so, number one, that's something that I'm working on. Improving with. It's something that I am that's why I'm doing a lot of the work that I'm doing with my physical body is to help my brain work better. So are they can we can we chat a little bit, and I apologize if it feels that I Dishonored you or disrespected you?

[2455:16] Abhay Bakshi, USA: I am able to say anything like that. Did I ever? I've had a lot of people

[2456:23] Speaker 0: who message me privately.

[2457:48] Abhay Bakshi, USA: That's not me. I never I never said a single negative sentence about you yet.

[2459:40] Speaker 0: No, it's fine. But like I've had the Oh yeah, I didn't even tell you like the two people that asked for their money back what they said said I'm saying so I struggle with like, even remembering, like things that I'm talking about. And that's why sometimes I forget my point. What I've been encouraged by people to do is to stop teaching the way that I do. Right?

[2464:21] Abhay Bakshi, USA: I I read a book about 1415 years ago, it stayed with me and it's overcoming the objections will make you rich. Oh, nice. And that I and that sentence in itself, the title of the book stayed with me and I said they wouldn't

[2468:54] Speaker 0: be here. Yep, they with me here. What does that do it psychologically taps into so that's that's great. That's awesome. That's a good language a few late so again, that would tap into

[2474:35] Speaker 0: that what's happened to NLP just a little bit but not to the so I don't I do not like NLP at all. Can I tell you all that? What is NLP by the sorry, NLP is Neuro Linguistic Programming. Okay. It's a form of very deep manipulation with People's neural pathways using language patterns and some of you might argue well that's exactly what you're teaching us now is how to do it the way that it usually is so Adele, let me let me explain to you where it came from. Its most popular in the pickup artist world of men trying to hook women in for dates to sleep with them.

[2488:23] Adele Best: Wow, I didn't know that I've seen them. So the NLP being talked about in the coaching world nasty signs or signs really could be

[2491:04] Speaker 0: it might be one of those tools again, I'm learning like maybe NLP alone. The way it's taught is not good. But maybe there are some good in it. So the statement stay with me here, like he said, is directly an NLP statement. If I googled the word NLP, stay with me. It's the lot that comes up with it. There's even a lot of darkness around that word to the lot of sexual energy tied to the term stay with me. Stay with me for the night. Yeah, I'm saying it taps into the sexual nature with people and that's where if we can become aware of where even some of our language patterns come from. I don't hate it though. I like it. I'll pay for purpose you're talking about anyways, go on

[2505:11] Abhay Bakshi, USA: get it done doesn't bother me. I dwell on Philippians four eight. And but that's about it. Again, this is not a church class. But anyway, I didn't have a

[2508:43] Speaker 0: church class.

[2509:23] Speaker 1: Exactly.

[2509:59] Abhay Bakshi, USA: I didn't have a question you you said whether all what you talked about felt anyone felt any It was weird. And I said well, it's weird meaning it was different for me. The way you the way you projected yourself the way you came along on, you know, today was was different and it was me being a longtime part of CGA I mean, it was it was kind of shocking for me to see you the way you approach things today is that's why it was weird that that's number one.

[2518:17] Speaker 0: It's how I communicate with those that I trust the most.

[2519:44] Abhay Bakshi, USA: Right like that's how I

[2520:26] Speaker 0: that's how I talk with Rick Pino. It's how I talk with my wife. Not always with my wife, right? Like but like as far as that goes, that's how I like to talk with close friends. But

[2524:18] Abhay Bakshi, USA: and number two was you I mean, I was thinking about you already said it and it is again your business is not my business CGA CGA is your business is not my business. So which means the way you did things today, they were not going to be profitable for your business. But again, if that's your business, that's fine. You know what it is

[2529:35] Speaker 0: we're putting we're putting together even a little bit of a song lyric here, which is amazing. Stay with me friend of mine.

[2533:08] Abhay Bakshi, USA: What? Okay, stay

[2533:36] Speaker 0: with me friend of mine. Let's go down to the river. And read what will go so some of y'all don't know. I'm also a songwriter

[2538:03] Abhay Bakshi, USA: as well so or right yeah, yeah. And, and number three, number three, what what was, what was different? What was strange or weird is weird is a strong, strong word that was used, but it was about when you said no, I'm talking about me now. So I ended up talking. I'm done talking about you. Now I'm talking about me, which is as a CGA member, I'm talking about when you say you're trying to bring this intend to bring these changes for next several months, and then you would probably bring I'm paraphrasing or I'm not exactly using your words, I don't remember your exact words. But what you said was you will bring in some frame feminine energy into this or that

[2552:19] Speaker 0: we already have a lot of feminine energy in here. Let me let me explain that real quickly. The feminine energy side of things because I get okay, that might be weird, especially if you come from a like a traditional church background cuz they don't talk about that because often what's talked about is more of a masculine energy from God is what it is. So most religion is pure, masculine inner energy. And we have a world today which has things like the me to movement, tear down the patriarchy, all of that A lot that's going on. And what's happening is, is people are wanting more unity as far as this goes. Now I'm going to speak to you ave as far as this goes, and Malikai it says that the sons and daughters will return to the fathers and mothers, I believe that this is a message around that, right? Because what's happening is, is that a lot of people have not had good relationships with their parents. As somebody who had really crappy relationship with his parents His whole life. I'm gonna be I'm gonna be straight up with you, my mom and I were still navigating some of that. It's not as good as I'd like it to be. Heard I work in business, but it's hard for me to hang out with me.

[2573:45] Abhay Bakshi, USA: I already sort of figured that out. But anyway, I've been hanging around with Krakowski is a hole for a long period of time. Yeah. Because

[2576:01] Speaker 0: you can you can read that you're really good at reading people. And that's why I think you can tap into this when you understand what I mean by feminine energy. Right?

[2578:21] Abhay Bakshi, USA: So in a way, I mean, maybe I was jumping to continuances. Now, what sort of changes do I need to bring? I'm 100 person male. Now the thing is, again, I don't want the sisters here to misunderstand me. Because when I go to church, you know, on one shoulder, there are males that are leaning on my shoulder and crying. On the other shoulder, there are females that are leaning on my shoulder, they're crying, yeah, to the glory of God. So that's not a problem relating with him. So but again, for us, for me, I was single, like, what sort of more one of the

[2587:36] Speaker 0: things that so oftentimes feminine energy is very defensive, protective, and doesn't want to be misunderstood. And it it can come especially so for me, how did I don't understand feminine energy the most, living with my wife, and my mom raised me without a dad for years. So I was raised by a very strong, powerful woman. But she was also very conservative, Christian. And so she has a lot of like, traditional feminine energy. And we live in a world today where there's, there's, there's a lot of conversation of really tapping into our divine masculine and feminine energy. And what I believe is that, like, the Holy Spirit, is both the Holy Spirit is both. And that God really is a picture of, of that. As far as it goes, some people think that the Holy Spirit is just feminine. And so it's kind of like the Father, the Holy Spirit made the son but it's, you know, also this, there's way too much here. I don't even think we have words for as far as that goes. So I'm talking about feminine energy as this most of my clients are all women. Yep. So for me, I know I can help women. With this training far better than I can help most men, most men, I get ridiculed from the most for being really stupid for being just out of my flippin mind for what I teach. I have some women that ridicule me saying that I am unsafe. As far as that goes, be cut but I think that again, both of those could be a projection. I don't like to judge that it is a projection from people that you said I'm saying. So it's what they don't want to be and what they what they don't do. Now, one thing that I have learned is, I've learned that there is a very similarity to the Christian idea of of okay, we're going to talk a little bit spiritual here. Some of y'all may not like this, how many y'all know the topic of shadow work when it comes to more of a new age type of thing? Okay. At Christians, how many have heard the term demons? Right, the demonic realm. And so what I believe is I believe that sometimes without being aware of certain, really, we what we look as dark energy, dark and light energy, okay. Right now, you know, I'm really watching. I'm learning a lot of what I'm doing from watching how Joe Biden is marketing himself for the election. I'm learning a lot from how he's marketing himself. And I think he's doing a really good job of utilizing a balance of the To do this, he just posted a post here today, just like we drew it up so he's making fun of the fact that they had it written that Taylor Swift Travis Kelce and the chiefs were gonna win as a campaign for his dark Brandon energy right here. See, I'm saying dark Brandon. Okay. And I think part of it is is that they're, they're tapping into his followers love that they love that dark energy. As far as that goes. A lot of the video gamer culture loves dark energy, can I show you something

[2653:17] Speaker 0: I'm going to show you four video games that I have. And there's a different form of energy on them. Elden ring right here. It's more of a warrior game. Right.

[2657:21] Speaker 0: This one is interesting. It's a warrior. But look at the title. Dark Souls three. This one's a little bit darker Callisto protocol right here. Zombies and stuff like that. And I'm going to show you one that is here. That is going to be it's a lot darker than all those because it's like it's more of a dungeon crawler. It's not, it's not any different. So it's not any different of a game than these two right here. Basically, all of these games this this game is the exact same game as this game, but the way the marketing is is different. Okay? All three of these games are actually basically the same exact type of game. This one set in outer space. This one set in like a fantasy world this one is also a fantasy world in the castle and stuff like that. So you like you play as this night. Embrace the darkness because what you're doing is you're you're basically raising into the light. You're you're bringing it into the light this one is a little bit better. I think Rhys tarnished. So what it is, is you're fighting these like, you're fighting these demons, you're fighting demons. I love any sort of game where it's like you're fighting demons. Does that make sense? It's really, it's a cool thing. This one is more of a zombie game set in outer space you're fighting these Fear takes no prisoners, right? It's in a prison. But these very scary zombies, right? And some of y'all are like, Okay, that's a little bit too dark for me. And I'm going to show you a game. That is probably one of the darkest marketed games, but it's actually identical than all three of these. And when you see the cover of it, you're gonna get some of y'all might get the heebie jeebies. But it's the same exact thing is all three of these same exact game, same gameplay all that Dark Souls two Scholar of the First Sin. It's the same game though. Prepare to die in a dramatically upgraded and different experience. Why does it say Prepare to die? Because in the game, you die so often, because it's so hard, and it's so difficult, and it's actually a picture of real life. It's a picture of the fact that you It's so difficult, but you level up your character. And you do this. And so how I play it's actually no different than the Zelda series. This series is definitely more appropriate for like, young adults, you can see this one ages six and up. So they design this one to be ages six and up. Can I tell you this? These games are virtually identical to each other in almost every possible way. But look at their marketing way different. This is more marketed towards teenagers. Yeah, this one is marketed towards adults, it is 17 and up mature audiences only. Right? Same game as this little one right here. Okay, and some of the games have gotten a little bit darker. This one is teen right here. See, we got the dark Wolf. As far as that goes, right? This is a lot more age appropriate content. The experience is identical. And all of them. You're a warrior with a sword. And you go out there to defeat the dark realms as far as that goes, right. That's what we see in football. That's what the gladiator battles are. The idea of a battle against evil. Does that make sense? So again, the reason why I love video games is because of this one right here. They strategically He used dark energy to mark it to a whole generation of young men, this idea of becoming more of a positive warrior and a beacon of light and hope in their society and world. And it's actually one of the one of the most positive games I've ever played the way that you defeat the darkness is it's so amazing. It's incredible. I love it. It's so good. The story of Star Wars There we go. Mortal Kombat. Sonic the Hedgehog. There's a good guy, a bad guy, all of that it's the same thing. It's just translated differently. And these ones are also different. But it's how many of y'all know that in hockey they fight a lot, right? There's a lot of fights in hockey. It's, it's, it's not even it's so strategic, some of my favorite video games. Because I was obsessed with hockey as a kid. I was one of the best at playing both of these. When I was six years old. I played this game on the hardest level. I was six and 94. I played this game on the hardest level. And I turned fighting off because my mom was like you can't play it with fighting on because they don't want you to learn how to fight. So you can turn the fighting off in the game. But basically, it's the same thing two sides going up against each other battling hosing forces. Not much different than this different product term saying Techmo Superbowl same thing. I play Madden a lot football games. So that's what I want to teach you guys is what I've learned from video games that you can apply to your marketing, to sell to whoever you want to sell to, in a way that's not slimy, not manipulative. That works really well that we can learn from how the video game industry and politics market their desired candidate. That's what they do. They basically figure out okay, here's our candidate. This is the this is what we are going to do with the candidate. And this is the demographic that we want to vote for the candidate. So that's all the politics is. Okay. Again, I know some of that smell of oil here. What's up sherry?

[2758:14] Abhay Bakshi, USA: Oh, so Jeremy. Oh, yeah. What's up, Bobby? I put that in the chat while you were talking. But. So, again, you know, do you think that no doubt there

[2760:57] Speaker 0: already is feminine energy a lot in our CGI, it's already that we're moving more masculine into it by attracting more of the young men. So that's what that's why we haven't had a lot of men in here as I'm gonna pivot more towards the gamers demographic as far as that goes. So a lot of the marketing that I'm going to start using probably won't resonate with a lot of the members that we have. And it might even offend a few people. I don't think I'm gonna go full on like this, but it's probably going to be a lot like this. It's probably going to be have a little bit like this in there. In the marketing,

[2773:15] Abhay Bakshi, USA: okay, I feel safe. Thank you. This one is would

[2773:58] Speaker 0: be a little bit more feminine Court of Thorns and Roses. Okay, this is the story of Beauty and the piece right here. retold in a romance novel for young adults. So I've been studying the idea of young adult fiction. The idea of transmuted energy is this book the discipline trader. This is simply just a psychology book. Very similar to a session with a therapist translated to stock trading. That's one of my mom loves it so much, because it translates what she's learned from her therapist into this. Can I tell you all this, one of the best ways to get really good at all this is to work with somebody that can help you on your mental health. I talked about it so often, but everybody seems to think that mental health is just the silly thing. When you learn to not be controlled by your triggers. And you learn to think objectively to not turn off your emotions stoicism I have borrowed from stoicism before I've like grown in my therapy. I'm starting to move away from the idea of stoicism. But I know that a lot of young men need it because it helps them stoicism helps you it's the idea of self discipline is what stoicism is you know, Ryan, holidays, books, discipline is the way all of that. So I think some of those messages are good. But I think that it's been mis appropriated as far as that goes in the right way traditionally, and so that's what we're going to be doing is we're going to be really taking a lot of these concepts that I know that have helped me and my mom and all my clients and I'm gonna translate it in a way that helps everybody that's in here. So I'm going to transmutate all of the energy that you guys need to give you the info much quicker so that you don't have to listen to me for three hours to understand this. That's fine. What I'm gonna teach you to do is how to create a how to create what's called VSLs. So that instead of hosting a five day intensive, you can have a 10 minute video that does the same thing that an entire five day intensive does. When you start using these patterns, you're able to tap into the instant gratification buzz that has, and that's why what I just taught you, some of y'all are thinking right now, how many of y'all are thinking when he taught us today, he probably could have taught me in 1520 minutes, maybe an hour, but it took three hours. So that's where I gotta go to work. And I got to figure out okay, totally, I could probably teach this. Yep. So now I'm going to go to work. And I'm going to take these three hours. And because this is transcribed, I'm going to use AI to help me. I'm going to use the AI, which is what the algorithm of social media is, is AI. And I'm going to use the AI to condense all of this down into as short of time as possible with the same power is what it is. So what I'm doing is I'm basically transmuting and alkalizing my message into a stronger moment in time that packs more of a punch.

[2821:33] Abhay Bakshi, USA: Okay, good. I hope so that's

[2821:48] Speaker 0: what a Facebook, Facebook ad does that. And in 10 seconds somebody can hear and what they would get in an hour of a presentation in the first 10 seconds of your ad.

[2825:31] Abhay Bakshi, USA: Does that make sense? Yeah, but so do you hear echo when I speak? No? No? Oh, okay. Oh, that'd be on your head. All right. I'm making some changes in the background. Thank you for the compliment. Look at that. What happens here there are things going to change. Yeah. Oh, nice. Right. Yeah. So that is good.

[2830:57] Speaker 0: And that's exactly what computer science is. It's just transmuting energy. You're taking the written word and turning it into apps and experiences. Did you know that if you think about computer science, that that's all it is you're taking electricity, and we turn it into virtual reality and AI is transmitted energy. It's all that. So understanding computer science is a big way to do this. I'm not going to make this computer science class. But I'm going to teach some of the concepts of computer science to you in a way that will work for your coaching business.

[2839:58] Abhay Bakshi, USA: Well, thank you. I'm excited to hear from sherry. Thank you. Yeah,

[2841:02] Speaker 0: Sherry. And hey, Denise, what's up? I do gotta go with Denise Sherry, did you have like a quick question, or can we talk about it offline?

[2843:34] Cheri Toledo: No, I'm good. I didn't have a question.

[2844:12] Speaker 0: You don't have one? No. Okay, cool. I thought you did? No, no,

[2846:26] Cheri Toledo: you were you said, I was looking at my other screen. And he said, what's up? I said, What he said was that, what are you thinking? So I told you? Oh, cool.

[2848:57] Speaker 0: What were you thinking?

[2849:59] Cheri Toledo: Just everything I said before, which I don't remember now, but okay. Yeah, let's,

[2851:10] Speaker 0: let's chat about it. If again, no. Other way. I would encourage anybody if you have any concerns about any of this whatsoever,

[2853:29] Speaker 0: share with the group. Send me a message. And we can we can discuss them. And so from here, again, my goal is to help you get results with what you paid for here much better.

[2857:39] Speaker 0: The price of this program is going up to for not any existing members, but new members, because we're upgrading what we're doing and the value is increasing. So. All right. I'm jumping onto the call with Denise

