CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-09-09T21:17:18.000Z
Duration: 114 min
Otter ID: chwjzx5cYO-ZI0HNV1e0pbrbSTs
---

[3:27] Speaker 0: Go custom live stream.

[5:30] Speaker 0: Yay, you. Hello, hello, hello, welcome on in. Tiffany, Sue Shonda, Dana, hello, welcome on in today, how y'all doing? Great. Hi,

[12:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: hello. Well, I'm I'm excited to share. I launched my evergreen funnel, and we got

[15:01] Speaker 0: already six to six new people in the program. So just in over the weekend, Evergreen, so it definitely is working. So

[18:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's working better than expected. Let's put it that way. So and, and I'll tell you, you know, this sounds I'm just happy for this, because even I get the like, oh, is the campaign going to work? I get the self doubt. I get the is this going to come together? Is it going to produce the results that I want every time I launch a campaign. And I don't know anybody who's in the online marketing space that doesn't deal with that, and so that's why, like, even though we deal with that. We gotta not let it stop us from putting our stuff out there. But now that it is working, I'm like, fired up to optimize make it better, because I'm like, Okay, if I was able to do that over the weekend, I know that I can optimize this to get a few 100 people in over the next month or so, and that was with with advertising. And a lot of the one person was on my email list already. The rest came through cold ads. So I was like, Okay, this is working. It's amazing. It's incredible. So that's awesome. I have a great training for everybody here today. I want to go. I want to go live in the group. Today is our live training, and then we got our Q and A at the top of the hour. And let me just get the, let me just get the live stream going in the group. Hello, Robin Adele,

[41:06] Speaker 0: how are you see live producer? There's that right there. If this doesn't work, we're just going to start. But it should work.

[45:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm I realized, since I I've only been since I'm not doing even, like live webinars and stuff. I don't even need to restream

[47:24] Speaker 0: right now anymore. So see, we're going to go live in the group. There's our signal. Our feed is live. Copy, invite link, live training. Join us on zoom here. Okay, great. There's the Zoom link, there's the feed, and we are live in the Facebook group. Wonderful. Hey, Michelle, how are you?

[55:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was just sharing. I launched the Evergreen campaign this past week. We got six new people in the program over the weekend through cold ads. They weren't even on my email list. So I'm excited for that. It's amazing. It's working. And so now that I know that it's working and it's and it followed, it was a it was a nice MIF key offer. So the MIF key works really great for memberships. I think it's just such a great thing for that. Today is our live training as well. I wanted to mention on Thursday and Friday this week. Thursday we're going to and Friday. We're doing our offer Launchpad event that is going to be this week. So we're going to be doing that three sessions where we work with you, get your offer going, get that launched, get that up and running. And so that's going to be our mastermind event that we are doing on Thursday and Friday. Uh, I'm no longer working on Saturdays or Sundays at all, pretty much indefinitely. So that's kind of a decision that I made. Is no longer doing anything Saturdays and Sundays, and that's been a great for my mental health, my mental clarity and all that. So that's why we shifted it back. We had it originally scheduled for this Friday and Saturday, but it's going to be Thursday and Friday instead, so those recordings also will be posted in the members area. The last two that we've done have been really incredible. We've been able to really get a lot of breakthrough for people. And I think what we can do is we can really dial in a lot of this stuff, as far as getting your offers launched, ready to go, solving any. Problems, any sticking points anybody has, and really kind of masterminding through any of those areas. Now today, what I want to talk about is I used chat GPT, chat GPT, and I had a great session this morning, just going through what I was going to plan on talking about. I used an interesting prompt too. I told it, can you rearrange the outline for today's talk in the most engaging way that keeps listeners hooked, that helps produce the most dopamine in people that I'm teaching? And it was so funny. It took the outline, which I thought was a really boring outline, and it rearranged it in the way that I thought it should be rearranged. I'm actually pretty good at like when I think about it, knowing what's going to keep people engaged, if you don't know, what keeps people engaged with content or trainings or webinars is just triggering those different dopamine hooks into it. We've been talking about that all year, and more so now than ever, the way that we deliver our content comes through that. I think we will be doing a training here soon on how to do that. But what I want to talk about here today is how to position yourself in a way that gets people to become your clients, not going to say, never met you before, and how to make sure that you tap into the right

[104:40] Speaker 0: pricing psychology

[105:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: that gets people to make a decision from you. We want to talk about this from a place of what is going to get you paid the most amount of money when you are building your business. If you're not making a profit from your business, it's not a business. It's and I, I've worked in different with different people, where they they're doing all the right things. We're getting leads. In fact, we even ran into this this this past week with another client that I'm working with. Lot of leads are coming in, but the profit margins aren't there because the people aren't there, the pricing is off, and it's attracting a lower quality group of people. So what we want to do is we want to talk about how to make sure that we're actually bringing in the right people at the right time with the right messaging and the right price. And then how do you attach that to the value ladder? Bring that into something that is evergreen, that you can continue to market to people? How to keep it very efficient, how to gain your time back and create the kind of life that you want to live in your business. The life that you want to live in your business is one where you're making consistently, while only working 10 to 15 hours a week, a couple of $100,000 a year or more from your business. And of course, listen, we built multiple coaching businesses that have done seven figures. This business does seven figures in our coaching, and we've even built businesses that have done eight figures in this space. Now, what it takes to go to seven figures in coaching and eight figures is really just doing a lot of the same stuff that gets you to multiple six figures. Whenever I talk about income potential for people when it comes to their businesses, when it comes to this business model, I look at it again through the lens of inflation. I look at it through the lens of how much money that it actually takes to not just survive but thrive in this economy. And, you know, I have a firm belief that that globally, inflation has happened, and globally that's not just going to suddenly come crashing down. And so we have to get as coaches and mentors. They actually did a did a poll people that are looking for salaries in jobs. I just saw a commercial the other day, in fact. Well, because football season started right, so I love the Kansas City Chiefs. I'm watching football. Here's why I actually really enjoy watching football too, is the commercials, because it gives me a great pulse on where the majority of the market is with advertising. And there was a commercial for, indeed, Job Services, being able to find a job as well as attract staff and employees, and it's interesting. Do you want to know what the salary that they showed on screen was of like, find a job that pays you what you're worth? It was 90 to $120,000 on a TV commercial during the NFL four years ago. Go that number wouldn't have been above 5060, maybe 70,000 Max, it would have probably been a range of like 40 to 70,000 in the same commercial. Cuz what they're doing is, is that number is for their target market and demographic. Okay? And so I noticed that that number in the commercial said 90 to $120,000 was a reasonable salary, and they've started to ask as well. Polling is, is that most people won't change jobs or careers for less than a six figure salary to attract the talent that we need inside of companies, a six figure salary is what is needing to be generated. Now here's the one of the big one of the big problems that we're having in the United States economy is that interest rates are so high, so companies aren't able to borrow and leverage against a lot of their value to be able to afford those salaries. And it's just creating an interesting environment where not a lot of people are making more money, but as a coach and mentor, we want to leave the corporate machine behind, okay, because we want to create a life and a lifestyle that can pay us what we're worth and have the lifestyle that we want. And truthfully, I believe that the amount that that you need to make right now is, again, it's at least minimum, about $150,000 um, maybe, if you're living in a more rural area, you could drop that down to like 80 to 90,000 but like you go to the you go get groceries. We got you, you go get grocery. You look at your grocery bill, it's twice what it was before. And we can either complain about that, we can get upset by that. Ads cost to run ads cost twice as much as before as before. And to build a business, you're going to have to make about two times as much as how much you wanted to make when you probably started this business. And so again, I'm not going to, I'm not going to hang out here too long. But if you're, if you're like, I don't need to make that much money. I'm talking like, uh, get real here. The the amount of money that you that we need to make in our businesses has gone up, and so we need to price things in a way to be both profitable and to work for us. One of the biggest reasons why I noticed that people are struggling is is they're operating out of a mindset of the economic landscape of four years ago, in how they're selling and marketing their products and how they're trying to get clients. And then the problem is, is this, who are? Who are the people that need what we offer the most? It's people that don't have a lot of money. So you have, as a coach and mentor, a interesting crossover of situations where a lot of the people that need what we offer as coaches don't have the money to pay us. So we want to help people, but we're not able to make enough to even survive in our business at the rate that most people want to pay us. So what has to happen is this is you have to get better at a realizing what your worth is, positioning yourself as an expert that is worth making more money. And one of the best ways to do this is look at whatever rate you're charging right now and charge two to three times that for new clients. And where you want to really address this is you want to look at, where do you start to get anxious? When you think about that, when you think about charging more for what you're offering? Where does that anxiety come from? We're not going to dive too deep into that, but oftentimes again, that comes from trying to control things that are outside of your control. We gotta let go of that. We gotta let go of looking at, well, I wish that these people could afford it. These people are saying they can't afford it. Realize that there is a whole segment of people that if you want to build your business to be profitable, that you are not going to be able to reach, that you're not going to be able to market to, that you're not going to be able to sell your programs to at a cheap rate, and so you don't. To be the cheapest option that is out there. How you price your business, how you price your offers, how you price your coaching, determines the type of person that you bring in into your business. And here's the truth is that people who invest are willing to actually do the work. They're willing to actually go out there and get the result. A lot of times we look at how we're pricing our business from the perspective of how much time are we spending with the client. Well, we're only spending an hour a week with them, so we're going to price it at this level. But the problem is that that comes from the mindset, the employee mindset of trading dollars for hours you want to instead shift into where you're charging based on the value that is generated, the value that is being delivered, and the value of the result that you can deliver, The only thing that you are selling to people. You're not selling your framework. You're not selling your your method, you're not selling your service. Okay, understand that. And this is a, this is a thinking structure that we need to get into.

[260:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're not selling. What we do for people, I am not selling that I coach, that I have courses. No, I am selling that when you come into this container, it's the best possible opportunity and chance for you to make six and multiple, six and even seven figures in a coaching business. It's one of the best programs that are out there. And I've actually, I've checked out a bunch of other programs. I've had a lot of our clients check them out, and they pale in comparison to what we offer here in this program. And so the value that is delivered is directly proportionate to the result that is generated by those that you are bringing in. And here's what you want to do, is you want to attract people who are action takers, not excuse aholics, not people that always have a reason why they can't make it work for them, why they are a victim. You know, one of the mistakes that I made in my coaching business and in my marketing, and I'll tell you this, I have had a lot of success over the years, and I have made a lot of mistakes. I look back at what I did 1020, years ago, and then what I'm doing now, and I look back and I say, I just wish that I knew this when I got started. I wish that I knew what I know today. Five years ago,

[285:13] Speaker 0: did you know

[285:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: that the expectation that we have of the people that come into our space is directly proportionate to the amount of result that they are going to achieve. Let me explain this for you, and this comes across in how we show up with the authority that we present ourselves with. So when you are coaching people, you are positioning yourself as an authority that people are going to look up to. So here's again, these are your clients right here. Okay, they're just, they're just little mountains. And then this is you up here, standing at the top of this mountain right here, and people are looking up here to what you are talking about. Now, when you're marketing, when you're selling, you need to come off the mountain down here to the level of where people are at. And here's why, to give them a rope to climb up the mountain, or, as we call it, a ladder, or a value ladder. And so one of the mistakes, two of the mistakes that we can make, and this is the mistake that I made, is we end up hanging out way too much with the people down here in the gutter. I this because I had so much compassion for seeing people struggle in this economy. I had such a desire to help people that I was selling myself short and not attracting the people that I needed to and wanted to in my business, because I was operating from an expectation that they couldn't do it, that they couldn't accomplish it, that it was too hard, that they were going to dislike my methodologies, that they wouldn't like it, that they weren't smart enough to be able to understand what I'm teaching. And can I tell you this? I've listened to the feedback. We actually have a. List of feedback from people that they write in we get written in all the time, feedback from people of how to improve our program. One of the number one things, again, that I ask all of our clients is to send in feedback for how we can improve the accelerator program. And one of the number one things that I got from people that I recently discovered was that about three years ago, I made a decision that I had to dumb down and simplify and over explain everything in my courses so as to not be misunderstood. This is a mistake, because what ended up happening was, this is I was over explaining things, confusing the heck out of people. And some of the older classes that I created are, are they're, they're, you know, they can be confusing because of that, because I was operating from an expectation that the people that I was attracting weren't smart enough to understand how to do things or how to figure stuff out on their own. And it's interesting. That's exactly the type of person that was coming into the our program. Those are people who have since left our program. And what I discovered was, is that the people who left our program didn't do anything, didn't go through the content, they fit the exact parameters of the expectation that I had, that they would come in, it was going to be too overwhelming, that they weren't going to understand it, and they weren't going to do anything with it. So I made a shift, and I decided to have the greatest level of expectation for our group, that every single person who comes into our space, that comes into the accelerator, is a smart individual who understands how to make decisions for themselves. They can ask for help when they want to. I don't need to be codependent with everybody who's in here to be able to get them to do their work. And can I tell you what's happened? I've been shocked. I have seen person after person after person here in the accelerator, getting their landing pages done, getting their offers up, I started to see progress where we weren't seeing progress. Because when I was coddling, I really was coddling, and operating from a place of, well, you know, I gotta over explain this, because people just aren't smart enough to understand all the details, the the the types of questions that I would get asked were literally from that place. They were misunderstanding everything. It was overwhelming. And so one of the number one things that we have to make sure of is to have an expectation of the people that we are attracting and have a belief about what we are offering, that it is going to produce the result for people, that the people that we are attracting are going to be the right people, and start to visualize that. And so when it comes to our pricing, this is why this matters to pricing. Okay,

[368:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: when it comes to our pricing in our business, if you price your offer at $27 you're going to attract a $27 work ethic. That's what I'm talking about. Is the work ethic here, of people, not everybody has the same work ethic. I believe that all people we are created equal. We are given equal opportunity on planet Earth. But I'll tell you this, we're not all born into the same situations. A lot of us have a different set of cards that were dealt, but we can make of ourselves anything that we want, no matter where you come from, and I'll tell you this, the evidence that I have in my life and the people that I hang out with is that the ones who started out at the bottom have been able to rise to the top because they they they just got something else in them. They got they have a chip on their shoulder, something that wants to accomplish something greater than the life that they were born into. You know, I got to see that firsthand, working with and growing up with some of you might know who my mom is, Sandy Krakowski, with my mom seeing her raising me, living on just $5,000 on on welfare, not being able to pay a lot of our bills, and her bootstrapping it to start a business online in her 30s and be able to create success for her and her family. Now, again, I come from that place, and yes, that's a different situation than everybody else comes from. But what I understand from that is that I can pass on the knowledge and the beliefs and the understanding and the wisdom that not everybody else grows up with that not everybody else comes. From as far as that goes. And so I believe that every single person has the opportunity. It's a core belief of mine, no matter how you grew up, no matter what situation you were born into, can create wealth, success and finances for themselves, because I have seen it firsthand. I have seen miraculous financial situations from people that should not have been that successful by every normal standard of our society today. So I believe in that, and that's why I put free content out there. That's why I want to help people from all walks of life. But at the same time, when it comes to what it takes to build this business, when it comes to what it takes to build a coaching business, not everybody has the same work ethic, not everybody has the same mentality. Again, mindset can be developed. But I I'll tell you this, you cannot train or coach discipline in people. I've learned that you cannot train or coach motivation in people. You can build up motivation, but the person has to be able to sustain it themselves. They have to be able to sustain the discipline themselves. You can direct people to resources, and I'll tell you this, one of the best ways that can establish discipline in people, I find, is dealing with their central nervous system, calming their nervous system down, getting out of fight or flight, giving out of hyper vigilance, being able to hear their inner voice and their intuition allows them to do that. That's actually one of the number one things that I find creates a better sense of discipline in most people. But at the same time, that's, again, that's not my job to coach people. That's not what I'm here for. I'm here to show people strategies and what is the right energy and the right way to show up that create results in your coaching business. So the pricing and how you price your business, how you price your offer, how you price what it is that you're putting out there, how you're coaching people, the way that you're mentoring people, it determines what is the level of the work ethic of the people that you are attracting to you. Okay, sorry, it said that my the live stream failed. Okay, so what we look at here $27 that's not enough to attract the right people. $97 isn't even enough as far as this goes, and this is why I tell everybody 497 to $2,500,

[445:04] Speaker 0: minimum for your offer

[446:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you want to be profitable, if you want to attract the right person, if you are doing one on one coaching, this is even what your hourly rate for one on one coaching should be, four, 500 to $2,500, per hour. Now does that mean that there are people that you are reaching that that may not have the money to afford that absolutely. And what we want to do is we want to stop reaching those people. We want to start reaching the ones that do have the finances to spend. And this is one of the biggest shifts that I had to come to grips with, that it's okay to not reach a certain demographic or group of people who can't afford what we offer. You know, when I go to buy a car, cars are priced at different levels depending on what people can afford, but they all are vehicles to get people to those different places in the coaching, consulting, mentoring, an online course space, for you to be able to be profitable in your business, you have to charge at least 497, to $2,500 for this. Now you can split this up into 12 payments. So if we split this up into 12 payments, what's the math on that? That breaks down to 497, divided by 12, that's 41 let's round it up to $47 so what we're looking at is between 47 to, I would say 297, per month if you're doing a monthly membership. And monthly memberships are a great way to have recurring revenue, one of the ways as well, if you want to do this in the beginning that you could offer to your clients is a lot of the marketing platforms that we use now allow you to offer weekly payments to people. So you could split this down into weekly payments. You could do 47 divided by actually, you could do 2500 divided by five. 52 and that would break down to $48 a week. If you do 497, divided by 52 that would break down to about $10 a week. And if, again, if that's all you gotta ask people to jump in with is it's $10 a week. You get billed $10 every week to be a part of this program. How many of you know that you could sell $10 to people for your coaching easier than maybe 500 by breaking it up into different payment plans, maybe offering discounts for paid in full, you're able to attract the right people at that level. Now here's the problem. If you only charge 490 $7 you're going to hit the again, the lowest barrel group of people that you can reach, you're going to reach a lot of people that are probably not going to take action with what you're doing. They're not willing to or able to afford they're probably not necessarily the same action takers that if you're charging $2,500 will. And so that means that, again, there's a whole segment of the market that you are eliminating from your marketing, from your advertising, from your sales, from your process, by charging more for that. And what we have to do is we have to look at our pricing as a form of boundaries and self care. Because the life that you want to create, I want you to start to catch a vision for the life that you want to create in your business. What is the life that you want to have through your business? Have you sat down and thought about that recently, I find myself I can get caught up in the nitty gritty and the the process of doing all the stuff to build my business, all the stuff to grow the business, and I don't sit down and visualize and imagine and and think about the life that I'm creating in my business. And whenever I do that, I struggle, and I don't feel motivated, and I don't have creativity, and I don't have clarity of where to go, because I'm not aiming in any direction. You know, something amazing happened before my wife and I bought this house, I had a vision for something that we were going after to buy this house. It's a beautiful house that we have here in Austin, Texas, and I knew, Okay, we had our son. We want to have three kids. Okay, I have a vision for that. But here's something that ended up happening once we bought the house, and this is this has happened to me. I'm going to I'm going to be super vulnerable with some of you right here, and I'm going to share with you a huge mistake that I have made multiple times in my life, every time that I have bought a house, this is the third house that I purchased. I bought a house, sold it. Bought a house, sold it. The first house I bought, I rented it out. That was nice. It was like the the it was a nice tax deduction. The rent was basically tax free, if you know how to do rent and all that again they you know, it was a smaller house too. It was, it was a nice cash flowing thing that I had going on, but I ended up selling it because it started to become a headache, and I just didn't want to deal with it anymore. That's when I started dating my wife, and I was thinking about getting married, so I got rid of that. Then we bought a house. And then after that, we had to relocate. So I sold that house. A year later, we bought this house. What ends up happening for me is, after I buy a house for about a year, I end up losing the vision. This is what was happening for me. I'll tell you, this is never going to happen again after today, because I realized that it was a cycle that I was getting myself into as I would lose the vision of the life that I was creating because I had accomplished that's a big dream, such a big goal. And by the way, this is something to look out for in your own life, is that when you accomplish something such as getting your offer created, getting your landing page created, getting your your lead magnet up getting some leads on your email list. If we get too, too caught up in that excitement, our dopamine goes through the roof, and we end up feeling like we made it. And can I tell you something that feeling like you made it is the fastest way to return right back to where you came from. And you want to know why most people who are successful, who make millions of dollars in business, go like this. I used to judge people that did that. I used to have a lot of harsh judgment, like, What kind of idiot would make that much money and be so stupid to then drop back down? That was the judgment that I had, and I realized that that thinking was how I was talking to myself for the last year, that I thought of myself as being an idiot because I lost my. Vision. I lost that motivation after I had purchased this house, after our business hit seven figures, I was like, I lost the drive to grow it the way that I was that got me there. Can I tell you something? What gets you to where you want to go is what will sustain you now, what's amazing is because we have this setup with recurring revenue, our business continued to thrive. We continued to grow and get clients, but not at the trajectory that I wanted to go. That's why I knew that something had to change, and I had to work on something inside of myself to realize my own behavior, to lose sight of a vision for where I'm going to lose sight of the life that I'm creating, and to sit on feeling like, Okay, I made it, and so now I don't have to work as hard. I can relax. I can retire. And so what we have to do is, unfortunately, I ended up beating myself up and feeling really upset with myself and feeling really guilty. And probably the last nine months, I have just been recovering from feeling like, internally, like a like a failure. I don't today, I don't feel like a failure, which is great, which is awesome, which is incredible, and it's so weird because I'm like, Okay, I'm not a failure. I'm I'm not a failure financially, I'm not a failure in my business, I'm not a failure in my marriage, I'm not a failure with my parenting. But I felt this way because the very thing that I had judged others for, these these multi millionaires that I had seen who they would be successful, and then they would pull off the gas. I had judged them for this because I thought if I was in their shoes, I would never do that. And I had to realize that how we judge other people is exactly how we end up judging ourselves. It's exactly the it's exactly the level of harshness that we internalize in our own self talk. And I had to change how I was talking about myself, how I was looking at other people, and how I was looking at the life that I was creating. And so what we have to do is this is we have to be able to have a vision for the life that we are creating. Where are you going? Where are you heading? What dreams do you have? What aspirations Do you have? Now you might say Jeremiah Krakowski dream too big, and then be disappointed.

[602:04] Speaker 0: I get that.

[602:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: But if you don't dream big, you're not going to have anything in your foresight that you're that you're looking forward to. And again, I I've studied a lot of stuff about acceptance and and I and even though I'm a Christian, I ended up studying a lot of stuff related to to Buddhism and feeling accepting the way things are and not striving for something, and finding meaning from what we're striving for. And I'll tell you this is that even to this day, I one of the biggest things that I find as a superpower of mine is that whether I'm up or I'm down, I don't find myself worth or meaning in reaching those heights or those levels. Now I'll say, once I go to a higher level, like buying this house that I had, can I tell you, in this economy, buying a house with your own business income, not being employed, was a very big accomplishment for me, and it was something that I had put on a pedestal. And as soon as I accomplished that, I ended up sinking back down because I ended up finding my self worth in being a homeowner. I founded my identity and what I was accomplishing. And so one of the things that we need to do is when we are going out there to market our business, is we need to not find our identity in our accomplishments, but we need to have a vision for what we are creating, for the life that we are creating, visualizing the the environment that we are creating, visualizing the coaching program that you're creating, visualizing the outcome of your clients, visualizing and seeing what they are are accomplishing, what They are doing with their lives, and then fitting your pricing into that, instead of pricing your business to fit the people who accept you to fit all you can get. You know, when I was single, I used to say I used to frequently go on dates with women that I wasn't really into, because it was all I could get. I was desperate for attention. I was desperate to be noticed by people. And I find that a lot of times coaches and mentors, we ended up operating in that same energy that I had when I was when I was in the. Trading world of desperation, of just wishing that somebody would notice us, that somebody would see our value, because we don't see it ourselves. And we end up finding that when people buy our programs, when they purchase from us, when they become our clients, that our self worth comes from people saying yes to our offers, and then when people don't opt in, or they don't sign up, we end up feeling like we're worthless. We end up feeling like we're not worth anything. This is the same mindset, and again, I don't mean this to be offensive to anybody. I said this about a year ago, and I got a few harsh letters from people saying that the way that I worded, it was very offensive, but I'm going to try to say this a little bit better.

[655:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: There are, there are people again, myself included, I was like this years ago. They find their worth in being noticed by members of the opposite sex, sexually and being promiscuous, and they find their self worth in that. And again, it's an empty road at the end of it. Again, I don't mean that to be harsh, offensive or judgmental towards anybody who that is, what they are, they are doing or even needs to do to survive. But I'll tell you that oftentimes, as coaches and mentors, we end up operating in that same energy where we end up finding our worth and people saying, Yes, I like you. Yes, I'm interested in you. Yes, I want to do business with you. And there's a, there really is a correlation between dating, getting married, sleeping with somebody, to working in business. I know we talk often about, well, it's just business, but when we put our blood, sweat and tears into it when we when we pour ourselves out for people, when I pour myself out into my clients, and I have people write me and they and they, they send me nasty messages. It used to cut to the core. I'll tell you today. It doesn't the way that it did. I had to work through that. I had to work through being willing to not be the right flavor for everybody, being okay with being rejected by some people, being okay with not everybody wanting what I had to offer. And so when it comes to our pricing and our business, it's an act of boundaries, and it's an act of self care and an act of self love and self esteem and self belief that you are worth people paying you that much for and that the value that you are going to deliver is directly proportionate to the amount that somebody is going to pay you, that you're not finding your self worth in how much people are paying you or their willingness to pay you, but you go above that and you believe that I am not going to show up for anybody less or below that level.

[694:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ask. Coaches and mentors, we want to help people, but we end up selling ourselves short by being the cheapest option, by not being somebody who even sees our own worth, and then we expect other people to see more of our worth than we do, or are willing to ourselves. We are expecting other people to say, oh, yeah, I'll pay you this much, but we don't believe that we're worth it. Now, when you go out there and try to sell that way, that becomes that becomes difficult, well, we end up selling from a place of, I don't believe that I'm worth this. People are not going to buy it because they reflect the energy of how we show up with with it. As Remember, I mentioned at the beginning of this training that I was expecting my training that that people weren't smart enough to understand it, that people weren't able to comprehend what I'm talking about, the things were going to be too hard for people, and I ended up attracting those people to me, I never expected that people would say that it was too expensive or that it was too too much as far as finances goes. And I rarely ever hear that from people, because that's not the expectation that I come to the table with. But one of the things that stops us is that if we think, oh, people aren't going to want to spend this, or they're not going to like this, we find our self worth in people's approval. When we find people that that the need to please other people becomes our supreme priority, that the need for others approval of us, that the check mark that other people put on. What we're doing becomes more important to us than the life that we are creating. Okay, so you want to put those on two separate planes right here.

[724:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is the life that you're creating right here, okay? And this is people's approval. And the problem is, is that not everybody is going to approve of you, your life and the life you're creating and the vision you have. You have to have a vision is worth far more than the approval of people on the internet. And so what we end up doing as coaches is we end up tethering these two things together. We end up attaching that I'm going to get the life that I want to live when they approve of me. I

[737:52] Speaker 0: and

[738:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: or, or could look a different way. Check this out. I'm gonna get the life that I'm gonna that I want to live when the ads start working, which, again, when ads work, that has to do with Facebook's approval, that has to do with people that are seeing the ads approval, that has to do with your computer working how you want it to. I'm going to get the life that I want to live when my landing page is at a level that I approve of, or other people approve of, we end up tethering the life that we want to live as something that we can't have until we get these things Right here.

[750:59] Speaker 0: Here's the problem with that.

[752:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: That cycle in reality never happens. It never goes that way. It never works that way.

[754:43] Speaker 0: Because your life,

[756:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: unless you give it power, is not contingent on outside circumstances. One of the problems that we have in our society today is that everything that we see on social media, on television, on the news media, our friends, our family, our churches, tells us that the life that we want to live will happen when all of these things start to come together perfectly for us and and again, you might look at that and say, well, Jeremiah Krakowski, that I want to make when you can Learn to detach having a vision for your life, having a vision for your coaching program, having a vision for the type of client that you want to attract. You start visualizing who that is that you want to attract. You start writing your sales copy. Let's make it practical here now you start writing your sales copy to the person that you want, not the one who just accepts you. When I started writing sales copy in the beginning for my own business, I would write to the people that were accepting me because I was trying to seek approval. I was trying to get them to like what I was talking about, instead of speaking to the type of person that I want to bring in the door, instead of attaching it to the vision that I had of where I'm going, my sales copy was written from a place of where I'm coming out of and the life that I'm only currently existing in. I want you some, some of you, to go back and read some of your sales copy and some of your ads, and even some of your content on your social media, and I want you to think about is this serving the vision of the life that I am creating, or the life that I'm coming out of that is a powerful practice that will change exactly how you look at it and then start to write from the Place of the vision that you have, your advertising campaigns, your sales messaging, when I'm selling no longer am I expecting that half the people on there are going to dislike me? Gosh, some of y'all are a part of some of my old sales pitches that I did, or half the time I was talking about how much people disliked me and and all the nasty messages I would get from people. Why? Because it was dominating my thought process, the fear of other people's opinions, the lack of belief in myself. I know for a fact that it actually hurt my business. I doing that, and I had to come to grips with why that was and where that came from, is because I did not believe that I was worth people loving me and loving what I'm doing and loving what we're creating here in our program. And I didn't expect that I was attracting the right people. I was just going based on what I could see in front of me, the negative comments. You know, I started running some ads this week. We got some new ads that we're running on Instagram. I have gotten some of the meanest comments that I have ever gotten this week. It's interesting, because I've lost a ton of weight, and I'm getting called fat and obese more often in these comments than I was a year and a half ago. Again, to, you know what? It bothered me a little bit. But then, you know, I was like, You know what, I'm going to go work out. And it didn't bother me again. I was like, You know what, whatever. If that's all they see and they don't see the rest of that value, they're not my tribe. They're not the right person. I have a vision for the ones who are coming in, the ones who want to work with us, and I'm excited for the new people that are coming into our program. Again, like I said, this weekend, we had six brand new people jump in. I'm so excited for this, for them to go through the Jumpstart training, for them to join us and go through this process with us, for people to go through our total online six figure blueprint, for them to go through our offer launch pad and to start to see the results come in in their business. When you start to have an expectation of the people that you are attracting, you show up differently. You show up differently in your sales messages. You show up differently on your content. You show up differently on how you market. You show up differently on your ads, your sales copy, your email marketing. You believe that you can do it far differently when you come from that place far too often, we are operating from what we can see in front of us right now. If I operated in all that I can see in front of me right now, I would be sitting here worried about these people that dislike me because of how I look on social media, these people that are saying that. What? What is this? Oh, yeah, what was it? Now? One of the comments that hurt was this. It was like you shouldn't be coaching people until you get off your fat ass and blew some weight. You have no right to ever tell another human what to do with their life. That one slightly cut deep a little bit. But I had to realize this person has no clue who I am. Let them go. I don't need to validate myself to them. I don't need to prove myself to them. I don't need to replay these thoughts that they've said And again, that's somebody's opinion. I'm sure they they are very harsh with themselves and how they look at their life and all of that. But for my own self care, for my own self love, for my own self esteem to show up in that way. I'm here focusing on the ones who are here in our program, the ones who are here that are going to get results, the ones who are here that are getting results. Like Tiffany, she just finished her her, her opt in offer. She's putting it out there. She's reaching people and like everybody else who's in this program who is accomplishing their goals. You know, the courses that we're creating, I have a I have a new vision, a fresh vision for the courses that we're creating here in this program. For the next year, we're going to again, we're going to sunset a lot of the older classes. We have a lot of the stuff that we've created two years ago, a year ago, that we're going to move over into the learning library vault. I might just rename it the vault, because I think that's a better term for it, you know. And we're going to be consolidating and simplifying and explaining things in a way that's going to help you get results faster, because that's the number one thing that matters to me, if you're here in this program, as you getting results. But can I tell you this that when it comes to your pricing, when it comes to how you show up, when it comes to how you get clients, when it comes to how you run your ads, when it comes to how you create your sales copy, when it comes to how you do your presentations, really, there's only like these three steps to it, or four steps like, like, from a technical aspect of our of this business model, we write some sales copy for an offer, okay, we put it on a landing page. We run some ads to it, we close some sales. And between the ads and the sales, there's usually a presentation of some kind, a video presentation. Now we're doing it evergreen. We're doing it pre recorded. Doing it evergreen is an act in self care for myself. And guess what? It's going to bring in more sales for me than doing. Doing live was because I've dialed in. And I know that instead of having to show up constantly, constantly relaunching, launching a new offer, launching a new offer, that being able to put something out there gives me space to be able to keep my nervous system calm, to get out of fight or flight, to get out of hyper vigilance to be able to focus on what are the things that I need that are going to serve my clients best? What is the content that I need? What is the value that I'm going to deliver? What is the value that I'm creating? Not just for value sake,

[889:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: just delivering value is not going to create clients for you, by the way, but the value that I attach to my presentations to promote and reach more clients. I have the strongest vision for where we're going in our business that I've ever had in years today, and I'm excited for everybody else who's going to come along that journey with us, and I'm excited for those that are here in our accelerator program now, again, like I mentioned, the members area, that's where our courses are. If you're brand new here, the Start Here section is where you want to start with. It has the brand new training. It has the the start here 12 minute training. It has the Jump Start training. We're going to probably be scheduling maybe another new jumpstart training here in the next month or so. I'll be adding that in there, but the one that we recorded is about back in June that we put it in there. That's the perfect place that you want to start. Go through that to get the most out of this program, to know exactly where to go through it, and to get the most out of it as a new member. And then the courses we have, step one, step two, step three, the total online six figure blueprint that's going to walk you through a roadmap, I think it's called, that's going to walk you through all the steps to take to be able to find the right people, promote your business and close more sales. Now, again, we have our mastermind coming up here. Our next one's going to be in January. Some of y'all don't know this. Some of y'all do know this. My wife is a week away from where she could potentially give birth. Okay, so, well, I literally timed it. I scheduled the offer Launchpad mastermind for this weekend because I knew that she wasn't going to give birth now, but she's in that like that window. So my our second son is going to be born. We've structured our life where I'm able to take on clients, where I'm able to serve our clients well, and I can still be there for my new my newborn son. I'm excited to introduce y'all to him. You'll, you'll be able to see pictures of him on my social media. It's going to be great. It's going to be amazing. That's, that's, that's what I have on my horizon here. We're literally getting it ready tomorrow. We have a meeting with our doula here at our house. We're going over, kind of like, it's like a cabin, you know, like a, like a camp inspection type of a thing we're going to look at. Do we have all the stuff we're going to be doing a home birth here at our house, which is going to be awesome. So it'd be, it'd be super cool. We're not going to stream that on social media, though. Don't worry, everybody. Alright, I want to take some questions here. I know a lot of you submitted questions. Inside of our Facebook group is where you can submit questions. If you're not a part of the Facebook group again, make sure that you're in there. That's where we that's where we do a lot of our coaching and our interaction with our clients. And be able to go through that right here. So you can make a post in here, pre submit your questions here, and so we have a bunch of great pre submitted questions here. I see almost everybody who pre submitted questions is on here live. So since you pre submitted some questions, I answered a couple on here. Sue, I want to take yours first. Sue, how are you here today? And then anybody else raise your hand on the Zoom call. If you want to ask a question, you don't have to pre submit your questions. Be able to ask questions, but it's a great way to kind of get ahead of the curve and help me kind of understand, you know, where everybody's coming from, as far as that goes, What's up? Sue, how are you?

[942:48] Sue McGarvie: I'm good. Jeremiah, I didn't realize birth was imminent how exciting it's.

[944:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's not imminent today, but, you know, here's the thing

[944:55] Sue McGarvie: week that's imminent. We don't want

[945:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: it to happen earlier than, than, I think Monday next week. Okay, um, otherwise, we have to do it at a hospital. We can't do a home birth. So, yeah, I I've

[948:42] Sue McGarvie: caught baby second ones come when they come. So that's Yeah, I

[949:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: know exactly, yeah. We're gonna hike here. Okay, my, my wife, she she just went on a we went on a hike yesterday, and we went to church. We did a whole bunch of Halston went on a hike with us. It was amazing. So she's a trooper right now. She's she's doing way better, too, just with her health and everything that she was the last birth. So that's amazing. Last one was tough on her. This one, it's still tough. Being pregnant is tough, but she's like, it's, it's way better. So,

[956:59] Sue McGarvie: well, that's exciting. All right, okay, so what's up? Yeah, I'm, I'm, you know, every day, and I know it's a journey. It's not the pot of gold instantly, and I get. It,

[960:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: but it can be, and eventually it'll get there. And

[961:12] Sue McGarvie: I, you know, I feel like every day I'm doing stuff, and you know what I don't do? Well, I hire out, and it's, it's going okay, but it's the, you know. So I'm having some Facebook ads, did a landing page, did a Facebook page, did an Instagram page, and I'm getting some traction, and then had them book calls with me. And I've had a few. The first one was actually really inappropriate. Had to block him. Let's just leave it at that.

[968:34] Speaker 3: Yikes. Yikes. Is right. Like, really, yikes. People on the internet can be kind

[970:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: of crazy. It really can.

[970:59] Sue McGarvie: So I've had a few one, you know, just, just people who are taking the 15 minute call, and they're abusing a bit, a bit of that. So I've got it priced. I think I'm certainly within your range that you've been talking about, and I'm just not getting traction, and I don't know how to convert. Okay, just doing a weekly call like you are, I have, you know, the video where they get instant gratification. I have a very clear program of what they get and what the value is, and I'm not sure where I'm going wrong.

[980:41] Speaker 0: Okay, let's talk about that.

[981:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Adele, just real quick here i i posted in the chat the time for the mastermind this weekend. It's going to be Thursday, Friday, uh, 11am to 5pm Eastern Time, 10am to 4pm Central. So just translate that to where you're at. And we just made a post in the Facebook group as well. I tagged everyone in with the Zoom link for that on this weekend. Alright, so what I always look at again, when it comes to sales, when it comes to people buying from us, there's really only a couple of reasons why people don't buy either. Number one, they're not the right person, right? That's that literally is the case. You could literally, and you might think they're the right person, but they they, chances are, if they're not buying and you think they're the right person, there's probably stuff you don't know about them specifically that that they are disqualifying it in their own mind. Because here's the thing, people, when it comes to sales, they buy what they want and they buy what they desire, and they and they will find the money for stuff. How many of us know that even when we've been like we didn't have the money, we were able to find it for stuff we really wanted? Right? Like we can all, we all end up figuring out how to find the money for the stuff that we really want. So one of the things that ends up happening with sales is that there's there's a few things, they either are not the right person, and so I don't worry about that too much, but what I want to look at is if they are the right person and they're still not buying, because if they're getting on a call with you as well, and you mentioned something about one on one calls, what Were you what? What's that about?

[1008:27] Sue McGarvie: I've tried, I've tried a variety of different ways to, you know, change models. I, you know, for a while I was doing, um, come to a free call, and then I was doing a VIP afterwards to get them into a group to see if I could know, because they bought, you know, they bought the $17 version. And then what was happening is they kept coming back week after week one in the $17 version. And as you said, That's not profitable. Yeah, exactly. Decided that we were going to do a, you know, face and FAQ, sort of, I've been using the many chat trying to get them to, you know, get them directly. Maybe, you know, they, they had to wait till Tuesday. So I then I did an immediate gratification, none of it has translated into clients and

[1019:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, so oftentimes that has to do with and it's again, gosh, I hate saying this. It's just, it's whatever is, is whatever how you're communicating with them is not translating to building that, that what we call buying pressure and desire internally. So it's like a it's, it really is internally, they have a feeling and a sense of, I need this, and I must figure out how to get it. Does that make sense? Yeah. And so again, if it's the wrong person, it's very hard to do that, but for the right people, that's really who we want to focus on. It's it's about just tweaking a little bit of how we're presenting the offer to people and what we're actually saying in the conversation, that's going to get them to see that it's possible for them to do and get the result that you're promising. So one of the things is, is that the reason why people don't buy, and it says nothing wrong with you at all. It's just it's a lack of trust on their part for the offer itself. Because if the trust was there. And the belief was there in you, in your program, in what you're offering and what you're selling, and they're the right person, the chances of them saying no, are are almost non existent at that point. And that's a belief that I I'll tell you, I have that belief, and that has served me really well, is that if I can build trust with somebody, and all of my effort is focused on building their belief and trust in what we're talking about, I'm not trying to convince people, but I'm getting them to make a decision. I'm getting them over the hump of decision making, and I'm helping them decide one of two things, yes or no, chances are most people that we market to are going to be a no. So what I actually work on again the most is trying to get people to where they say no. And like I mentioned earlier, I probably did that a little too hardcore last year or so in places where now I'm I would probably back that off just a little bit side note to that. I think the reason why was my own fear, and some things I had to work through mentally, I was afraid of saying yes to a certain type of people. Now I'm not afraid of that and so, but I'm not saying that that's again, that you're dealing with that. But what, what ends up coming in is that we, we want to help people make a decision. Yes, this is exactly what I need, or no, this is not what I need at all. And and then what do they have to hear to be able to make that decision from you? So something about the presentation, the conversation, what they're hearing and what they're experiencing is just, it's just not quite pushing them over the edge of decision making, yeah, and so that's like our foundational, like, understanding of it. Now we can make it practical into looking at, how do we have our presentation structured. How are we showing up with it? Is the conversation really a present? Presentations? You understand how gamification works so a presentation can be gamified in how it keeps people engaged. That's one piece of it. But engagement isn't enough. We have to build up to a decision of some kind. We have to build up to an ultimate outcome that they're going to decide, yes or no, either way, which direction that they're going to take.

[1082:00] Sue McGarvie: Okay, so you know, and I get sales psychology, I guess saying, you know, is it, and I'm, I'll reread, you know,

[1084:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: where the wolf and maybe it's the wrong people that you're getting.

[1085:30] Sue McGarvie: I you know, again, it has taken me six months, seven months of Facebook ads to get the pixel trained enough to feel like I'm getting the return that like it's to build those lists and to do the look alikes. And I think, based on that, I think we're starting to get the right people. If I had one sale Jeremiah, just one from this process, I would, you know, I would buy it like the only people that are buying from me are people that are in my private local Facebook group. And it's enough today. It's sustaining me, but the goal has been to go outside of my little area. And I guess I'm

[1097:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: just the ones that are in your area trust you on a different level,

[1098:26] Sue McGarvie: exactly because they I'm, you know, I've been in the marketplace for 30 years, and I'm, you know, media credibility, etc, so it's people who don't know me. And I said, I pay, you know, just do the course, which is six months of Facebook ads to get the pixel trained. But I cannot convert. I'm getting likes, I'm getting leads, and they're not converting. So it either has to you're getting likes it Okay, so there has to be on me, or it has to be the system. So I'm giving them so much value.

[1107:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are they? Let me ask you this, do you know if they're consuming the value?

[1108:26] Sue McGarvie: Yeah, well, certainly, my local people are, and to the point, and that's when I had, like, I had somebody outside. I've had, you know, somebody in North Carolina, and had somebody in New York City, and I had somebody, you know, in New Jersey and Pennsylvania write me. And I'm Canadian, so they're and they, they want to come to my live calls. You must be getting this. People want to come to your live calls. And they may even pay your, you know, $7 VIP, but they're not paying your big ticket. They're not buying your Excel.

[1115:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: So generally, again, those people are, there's that's twofold. It's either they're not the right people, or, for me, it's always been. I've either been too passive about my selling. I've been too because, remember, I remember, remember, you like watched some stuff with Eileen Wilder. And you were like, she's a little more aggressive than you like to be. That's where I say that some of that aggressiveness sometimes is necessary to pull from as well in the sales it might not feel comfortable, but it gets people over that edge of decision making because they either like you or hate you. Yeah, I

[1125:32] Sue McGarvie: found her. I finished super, like, like, three quarters of her video with sales. Yeah, that's because

[1127:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's effective, right? Yeah. So that's the other thing, is, she wouldn't be doing that if it wasn't working. And so it's finding that balance, it's finding that balance of selling, and it's finding that balance of, and I had to do this myself, was like, Okay, how much, how do I want to sell? How much? How salesy do I want to get?

[1135:19] Sue McGarvie: You're not. I don't think you are.

[1135:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think exactly i I've gotten feedback from people that I'm way too salesy on my trainings. That's what I'm saying. So for some people, we might be. So what I'll what I'll always look at, is okay, okay, if I'm not getting the sales, can I up? Can I ratchet it up? Let's say like you have this, like a volume knob from like one to 10, and you're at like a three, maybe bring it up to a four or five, and see if that adjusts some things, you know, and just see if there's a few things that maybe you're like, Okay, I don't know if I would say it that way, but that might help me get somebody to make a decision. And oftentimes I have found being affirmative about the result that they can get helps a lot. Okay, being like, hey, you know, if you work with me, and you do the system, you're going to get this result. And just really getting them to believe and buy into the fact that that, because that's what we're selling, not the process, but the outcome, getting them to believe that that's another, another big part so, but it's, I'll always look at, it's like, either we're attracting the wrong people, that's from the ads, that's from,

[1154:48] Sue McGarvie: or the sales messages are working the targeting,

[1155:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: or it's the sales message. It's one of those two things. So if you're getting people that are coming in, they're getting in front of you, but they're not buying then it almost one of those two things. It's, it is the sales message, or, again, or it's the wrong people, though, I'll tell you this. I had that happen. It was right around the time, actually, I think when you started following me, I was testing some messaging, and I had a ton of people joining me, my VIP, but no sales. And so again, it was because of some language that I was using. I was I had not used any sort of, like you can make six figures language on my landing page. And it was very process focused. And whenever I do that, and I don't talk about some kind of a business result financially in some way. Again, I'm not guaranteeing it, but I just talk about potential. Almost zero sales come in in that because, for some reason, the ads end up attracting people. They just want process, and then they end up getting the process from me for the $7 or the $17 right? Because I'm not necessarily talking about outcome as much now. Now the good news is, because your outcome isn't financial, you have a lot more leeway in being able to like and this, this, there's another thing too. Is oftentimes it's like we don't want to over promise, but what I look at is what's the result that your best client can get. Let's promise that to everybody who comes in. Say, the system is an opportunity to get this result, and it works for those who work it, and it works for those who come through it. And again, that is the core of what brings in clients, because it's like otherwise, if we're over explaining, if I go through and I over explain, Well, you know, it only works for like this percentage of people who they have this market and this demo and all that, not as many people end up buying. But I know that it's solvable, because there's enough businesses that are out there that are being successful. And so again, if this isn't working as well in that demographic. Do we change your niche? Do we change what your product is? Do we change, you know, okay, we don't do that. No,

[1191:20] Sue McGarvie: no, no, no, no, no. I've worked too hard. This is, this is 30 years in the making. We're not changing any of that. I'm just saying, Is it me? Am I not and I'm said, Is it, is it something about me that they're not buying? Is it something about my sales message. Or is it, as you said, is it the wrong people? Do I have to read

[1195:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, and you know, what? Can you? Can you share what? Maybe one of your like sales messages or something, or one of those with me in the group, and I can take a look at it.

[1198:17] Sue McGarvie: I don't know how easily I what I can do, let me dig it up for next week or for

[1199:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: later. Yeah, you can use. Mail it to us. I will post

[1200:23] Sue McGarvie: it in the Facebook page, or I'll post it here, yeah, just

[1201:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: a recording or something. Because I, because, because, here's the thing for you know, you've been doing this, I want to, I want to look at what you're saying, and I might be able to find a nuance in the sales message and the sales pitch that maybe you're, you know, isn't there. Hey,

[1204:54] Sue McGarvie: I'm all in. I will, I will post it in the I will post it. Do it, no problem. Yeah.

[1206:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, thanks. Jeremiah Krakowski, because that's the thing, like, what's the next best thing I can do to help you with that is, let's, let me take a look at that stage of it, right?

[1208:26] Sue McGarvie: Because if it's, if it's one of those two things, like I said, if it's the wrong people, I gotta tweak the ads anyway. If it's the ads, it's the landing page, yeah, if it's the landing page, I gotta tweak that anyway. If it's my sales presentation, I've got to get better at it. So one of those three things has to change so I don't, yeah, yeah. Okay.

[1213:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that, and that happens again. We were, we were doing some great we were dealing with this with uh, with uh, some of the ads with Rick Pino, where we've been again dealing with this because he's selling like, a $20,000 program, so the difference maker between the right and wrong person. Sometimes it's like one word in the ad. So it's just crazy. Some of the people that we were attracting on these calls, they're like, Well, I'm living in my car and I'm pooping in a bucket, so I don't have 20,000 to afford this course. And it's like, okay, the ads are attracting people that are like, on their last dime. Let's, let's find we're not looking for on your last dime people, right? Not for $20,000 we're looking for people like they have the finances to make that investment. And he doesn't even have, he doesn't offer a payment plan. He does it paid in full. Yeah, so, and I'll tell you, he sells a ton of his stuff too, which is amazing. It's it's incredible. Like, his sales numbers are unbelievable. So again, this works for high ticket, low ticket. We get to choose who we want to attract by what that sales messaging is. Now his team is, it's all sales calls. So it's all individualized, one on one sales calls. He's got a whole team that does

[1232:53] Sue McGarvie: those. Well, if I, if I will do them in the sales calls with

[1234:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: me, yeah, if you attract the right people under sales call, you can close a lot of sales booking

[1235:10] Sue McGarvie: the calls right? As I said, you know, I'm not expecting to win them all, and there's some that were, yeah, you know, mediocre. I said, I had a couple of disasters, but, you know, yeah, but the you know, but again, I don't know if you're not,

[1239:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you're not closing it on a one on one call too, again, that could mean it's the wrong person. Yeah. So it's hard to like again. If you show me again your offer and all of that, I'm

[1242:56] Sue McGarvie: on it. I will post it. I just want to take everybody's time. It's going to take me five minutes to find it and put it

[1244:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: up. There is a there is a training. Adele said, have you had sales call training? There is a course I made in the members area all about doing sales

[1247:18] Sue McGarvie: calls. Oh, and speaking of your course, I was like, how do you find anything? I went looking for your Instagram thing, and it's all just beginner, idiot, intermediate and where the where your Pete, where are your stuff? Anymore? I couldn't find anything. I did search on Instagram. I did a search. Yeah. Okay,

[1251:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you go into the course, right? And then on the side here, you click on this,

[1253:40] Sue McGarvie: um, where? Okay, the funnel. You click

[1254:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: on this side, right here, okay, and then this opens up a sidebar with the different courses. Okay,

[1256:21] Sue McGarvie: that is just so, you know, I gave up, couldn't? I started on your beginners, you're an intermediate. I moved things along. And, yeah, yeah, I couldn't, couldn't see so going, going to Learning Library, and that's what you find. That's what you do.

[1260:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think, what, I think, the one, I think what we need to add is at the top of the the top lessons, uh huh, is this look at understart here. I need to just add this little piece. I used to have access all the training from the menu. I need to add that to the top of each other. I

[1264:32] Sue McGarvie: think I said, I literally gave up going, he has completely changed everything. Everything's gone. It's it's all in here, it's all there. It's a beginner or an intermediate. And I don't know where Jeremiah's stuff is going, Yeah,

[1267:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: once you go through it, and you click on this menu right here, once you go inside, I was

[1269:20] Sue McGarvie: on my phone, not on my computer. And so maybe it's a mobile thing.

[1270:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, maybe we might add in each section that'll just kind of introduce each section too, that might work. It

[1271:53] Sue McGarvie: wasn't. It wasn't working for the mobile so I will, I will go back on.

[1272:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: So in mobile, let's take a look at this. Yeah, so in mobile, it's going to look a lot like this right here. And so just those three lines at the top, okay, click it and it opens up this right here with the classes.

[1276:41] Sue McGarvie: Well, I will look and see if I can find it, because I said, Okay. And

[1277:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: then each course has an introduction that, like, gives you an overview of the course

[1279:16] Sue McGarvie: I got that I just was like, the. Alien that has taken over your platform. Please, please return it to where it was. So, yeah, I know it was, it was, anyway, thank you. Thought all it is was beginner and intermediate. Ah, he's, he's clarified it and simplified it, which is great, but everything's missing now. So, yeah,

[1284:09] Speaker 0: no, everything's not missing. Um, it's, yeah, it's definitely clarified to a lot of that. So like, this has, like, automated marketing, recurring, outsourcing, ads optimization, okay, all right, I'll

[1288:17] Sue McGarvie: have a look. All right, expect that shortly. Thanks. Jeremiah Krakowski, yeah,

[1289:30] Speaker 0: yeah. All right, let's see. Got some more, uh, questions in the group. I answered a couple of Tiffany's on the

[1294:48] Speaker 0: Oh, where's the post my computer's being weird again. Okay, computers do that. Okay, many chat, Tiffany, did you figure that out? Tiffany, what's up?

[1298:47] Tiffany Quinones: Ella, no, I got sick, so I'm recuperating, and I didn't have the bandwidth or energy to go watch a training, so I haven't. I have not done that yet, but I have. I just ran down my stairs, but I have done everything that I could even think of with many chat so

[1304:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think it's right here under Settings, and you just link your channel right here.

[1305:42] Tiffany Quinones: Well, that's all linked, like my channel's linked and everything. I'm not paying for it. So I don't know if that's a thing. Um, oh,

[1308:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. I think you have to pay for it to be able to get the automations. So then you go under new automation, yep, template, right there.

[1310:46] Tiffany Quinones: Uh, oh, okay. Do you think it's because I'm not paying for it? That's why it's it's not because I've, I've done this was in

[1313:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: there before you paid for it. So again, I did a training inside of the the Instagram one where I show you, kind of how to set up these different triggers. There's different triggers. Either they comment on the audience, they reply to a story, they send you a message. So this is the trigger that then, let's say somebody sends you a message with the word community in it. Okay, so then you can have a another message that goes back to them right here on Instagram to send them a message back. And this will be like to join your community or something like that. So that's if they send you a DM with that keyword. The

[1323:54] Tiffany Quinones: problem for oh, I'm sorry. The problem for me is that in the flow section, it'll say it's done, and it'll say it's live, and when I go test it out on Instagram. It just doesn't work. And I'm like,

[1329:13] Speaker 0: why are you testing it from your account?

[1330:15] Tiffany Quinones: From my Instagram account? Yes, I

[1330:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't think you'll be able to get it to work for you on your account. You have to test it from another person's account.

[1332:03] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, so have somebody test it out for me. Then, yeah. Oh, that's what I'll try, because I'm a quick start. So I was like, I'm going to try to figure this out. Whatever I can't I'm just going to ask, okay, now I know what?

[1336:28] Speaker 0: Yeah. All right. Thank you. Cool. All right. Let's see you created your landing page. Next steps to get it out there, you've been emailing your what course you recommend on for launching? Yeah, so there's a lessons on promoting and as well as the last lesson of the total online six figure blueprint. Okay, if you go into that one in the Members area, the very last lesson

[1348:00] Speaker 0: is

[1349:50] Speaker 0: here. Launching everything for maximum results, Yep, perfect.

[1351:20] Tiffany Quinones: And on that note, I have figured out entirely what my niche is and my messaging is, and now I keep thinking about my landing page, and I'm like, Oh, I think some of my messaging is different, but I'm having fun talking about it, promoting it, getting it out there, sending it out. And it's nice to have a link to put something to direct people. That's the biggest thing. So

[1358:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: it changes everything. Once you have a link to send them to.

[1358:54] Tiffany Quinones: Changes a whole lot. It changes

[1359:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: how you think. About what you're doing.

[1360:19] Tiffany Quinones: Yes, it sure does. It sure does. So, yeah, so it's going great. Thank you.

[1362:09] Speaker 0: Yep. Michelle rose, you tested out a new funnel this week. Yeah, free skincare masterclass ran the five upsell was this? Okay? Help me. Help me understand this. Michelle, you tested out a new funnel this week. Michelle rose,

[1369:26] Speaker 5: yeah, I sent five marketing emails, and then I just, I just put in the parentheses, just kind of what each one's focus was that that was overwhelming to me to send so many back to back, but it turned out to be great results, so I'm realizing it's not terrible.

[1374:42] Speaker 0: And then, why was it overwhelming?

[1375:13] Speaker 3: Well, you

[1375:34] Speaker 5: know, it's my first time sending out so many back to back to back. I've been doing weekly newsletters, and so this is my first like pitch for them to commit, to register to something, you know. So it just was, you know, I would, I found myself being clammy, just kind of going, Oh my gosh. Are people going to unsubscribe? And some did okay. Good, and it wasn't terrible. I didn't fall apart. So it was great, yeah, but um, so one of them was an upsell, and at the time, I didn't really have one, but I came up with one, which was a $17 one on one consult to go through my seven step assessment for your skin to figure out what you need or what you want, as far as results. And then, of course, I could upsell them face yoga one on ones. While I'm trying to develop the I'm trying to build it as a course in in the go high level. And so while I'm doing that, I can be doing one on ones, for sure. I just didn't know because, because I'm looking at that as being more like a discovery call, and they're paying for it. I know I hate discovery calls, yeah, I don't want to be sales pitched, but at the same time, this is something they've paid for, so I kind of feel like they're getting a lot of value already, yeah? And you

[1395:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to present it not as a discovery call, but as, like, something that's really valuable for them, right?

[1397:21] Speaker 5: And that's what I did. I mean, I I totally did it as a we're going to go through the seven step assessment. We'll go through your skincare products if you want to to see if they're even working for you, that kind of thing. But that seven step assessment includes face yoga, if I feel like they need elastin and muscular structure build up. So of course, if that's the case. I can sell them that, right? I just didn't know if that, if that felt like a good customer flow and journey, or if that, because you were talking today, and it kind of made sense to me about kind of qualifying your person, and I feel like that, that kind of helps a little bit. So I'm not spinning my wheels on all the people who are begging for my work, and then I give it to them, and then they're not responding. So

[1408:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you did was a new model that, again, I haven't gone through the training, but I seen something Michelle, because you're kind of in that world. You know, the name Richard Dinah, Richard Dyne, D, I N, H. He's marketing a thing. I saw an ad to and I knew exactly what I like. I knew like, right away what His teaching was, but he's talking about it basically. It's the model of a challenge. But he calls it a one on one challenge, so you get just one person to buy into, and that's it's exactly what Michelle is doing right here. They're buying into something with you, or you're walking them through a process to then close them into your program. I think it's a great way for people, when they're getting started, to be able to bring in some cash flow for them to do that. And I think that's a great way to do that. Now, long term, I think we want to get to where we're able to automate that, where you don't, yes, get on these calls with people, because you're able to serve them selling a $17 masterclass that they could buy into, and it might be like a one hour, two hour class that they could buy and you just send them that, and then that basically does the work for you of a discovery call.

[1428:38] Speaker 5: Yes, that would be ideal, for sure. Like I thought about writing, kind of like a lead magnet book that teaches them the seven self assessment that way they can do it needs

[1431:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: to be something on video, or at least audio. Okay, you know, I think, I think at least audio. When I say video, it's funny. I really mean audio more than anything else, because it's like, you don't need to see me on video, but like, I include it, but you know, audio so people can listen to you, they can actually hear because here's what I believe strongly, is that when people can hear our voice, energy is transferred far more than the written word. Word,

[1440:12] Speaker 5: Oh, for sure. And I do think when you're talking about a skincare assessment, they need photos or video so that they can see examples. So I think that's great. I can, for sure, put that together. It's just, I'm about to hit the road for about 12 weeks, and I'll be on the move. That's a great time to brainstorm

[1444:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: some of that stuff, too, and go through some of that. But I think it's a great approach of kind of what you've taken and done with this, and I think that's awesome. Take this, learn from it, see what we want to tweak and adjust, and really now it's just about, how do we get more of those women engaging with you? And that's exactly how we grow this business for you. So I'm glad that this is working for you. Well, that's amazing.

[1450:40] Speaker 5: Thank you.

[1450:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. All right, let's see. I don't see Monica on here, so I'll take hers after I take Adele's. Hi.

[1453:02] Adele Best: Jeremiah, this is so good today. So just with my my financial commitments, I'm not going to be able to go straight into doing ads, so I'm just going to have to do things organically launched my first offer on Facebook, where I've got most 5000 contacts or whatever. So did you say that you were going to do like an organic launch plan?

[1459:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I talked about that in the final lesson of the total online six figure blueprint.

[1461:19] Adele Best: So should I? Should I just be making like, like, two weeks of content, promote it, all my stories, and just physically launch it, buy my stories,

[1463:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: about with excitement, of what your thing is. And here's another thing that I started looking at for organic I started looking at who else is in the space that's promoting something similar that's really successful.

[1467:17] Adele Best: So I still wanted to like, do posts for like two weeks to like warm people up and then invite them to the event, to do everything, it's just without ads, just to try and get a moving and get cash flow in. And even if I get like people into the program once, then I can reinvest into ADS and keep, you know, bring ads into it. But I just wondered, was there a launch strategy without ads?

[1474:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's so even without ads, whenever I'm launching an offer, I launch without ads just as hard as I do with them. So I'm still posting, so you're just

[1477:37] Adele Best: making content speaking to the outcome. I'm

[1478:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: creating content that's specifically to the type of person that's going to sign up for it, okay? And then I'm able to use that to lead people, because any type of content that you put out there organically, one thing we want to think about with organic content, everything is very hook driven. Now, okay, so information doesn't work very well organically without a strong hook. So that's what I look for, is I look for what are different hooks that are out there in the marketplace. And I find, you know, again, a lot of female influencers have a lot of great content with hooks and things like that. Hooks come in a variety of different ways. They can be visual hooks, they can be audible hooks. They can be written hooks. They can be a hook that's in text or in the caption itself. Okay, yeah. Um, weirdly enough, one of the best ads that I have right now has a combo of a visual hook and a written one. It's this one where, like, I'm like, it's this one right here.

[1496:31] Adele Best: So is it? Is it a visual hook? Because you're moving about so much, it does say it's a

[1497:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: little different than what people would normally see from me. So weirdly enough, that ad is performing better than the ones that where I'm like, Hey, what's up? Like, okay, that's interesting. Yeah, is. And instead of it just being just on a flat text, it's just me kind of like, hey, you know that, right there. So again, that's kind of not my like business, but I'm like, if that's going to work, to bring in leads, might as well do it.

[1505:04] Adele Best: Yeah, I've started carrying a selfie stick around movie, and I bought it the weekend long. I'm walking around hotels and stuff. I'm just making B roll. I don't I don't care. Yeah,

[1507:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: make some B roll. One thing, if you're making B roll, don't look at the camera. Yeah, awkward, unless it's like that one where you're dancing then looking at the cameras, okay, okay, cuz it's kind of more but again, that's what I look at. I looked, I just looked at like, what are some other hooks that different influencers are using? And I also went, I looked at like, what are they running for, for ads? And oftentimes, if they're running it as an ad, it'll also work well organically. Okay, that's another thing too. So a lot of people are taking their organic and running it as ads, and that's what I'm doing too now. So again, you don't have to run it as

[1518:20] Adele Best: an ad, yeah, so I'm totally I was tied up this this weekend with a worship event. I've got. Another worship event in Southern Ireland next weekend. So that takes me up to the middle of September. So I'm going to run organic content on my Facebook page the last two weeks of September, and then launch my workshop or mini offer at the end of September, try to get people into a live event and upsell them into my first offer organically. Hopefully I'll get somebody, I'll try to do an upsell, try to get a couple of one on one people, try to generate revenue, and then I'll reinvest it, redo it again every month using ADS. That's my plan between now and Christmas. Awesome.

[1529:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And now, here's the other thing. So when you're doing organic, the best way, if you're not no ads. You get a little bit more aggressive with like, if somebody likes your post, Mm, hmm, you could go follow them, and then if they follow you back, you could message them, yeah, if somebody comments, you could go comment under that and follow them, and then you can message

[1535:34] Adele Best: Yeah. I'm actually, I'm also as well, removing myself from all ministry, all the ministry I've been doing, all the church events, all that stuff, all the all the work. It's just I'm cutting everything now. I'm if it's not related to business, I'm not doing it. I'm not going to be completely focused, because I've realized I have just been spread too thin and too scattered. I

[1540:32] Speaker 0: will tell you, um,

[1541:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: how do I say this, if you're promoting a ministry based offer, like, that's great, and that's awesome, right, being in that world, yeah? Because when I, like, like, like, I do a lot of stuff where, like, I promote offers for Georgie and banoff and stuff like that, yeah, the mindset in the ministry world than in the business, yeah?

[1547:06] Adele Best: Well, the, the only offer I have is that kingdom coaching, which is that, like, low ticket offer, which isn't really part of what I see my coaching business being so No,

[1549:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I think just focusing on, like, one specific offer for you, something that's really, yeah, yeah. I'm going

[1550:49] Adele Best: to scrap the the low ticket Instagram account. I'm just going to go back to my Facebook account. I've got another Instagram account, which I was going to use for coaching, and I'm just going to focus on one offer. And I'm going to just, I've just been spread too thin, doing too much, so I'm just going to remove everything, focus on one offer, one thing between my people to you, and just being focused on it. And I'm also going to try and, yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do the mini workshop trying to upsell them into the 2500 coaching offer, and then also offer some one on one upsells. Yeah, try and get a couple of each. And if I can just get some revenue in, then I can start the ads and start running it so I know what I need to do, and I'm just gonna be completely focused. Thank you. There you

[1563:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: go, and it's just getting those people in front of you. It's, it's, it's, it's being seen by people. Remember we talked about that last week, be willing to be seen by people. Them being drawn and attracted into your world, and then wanting to listen and then getting them to what want to listen to you and what you have to say. Yeah, those are kind of like the main things as far as that goes. And it's like, address anything where that's scary for you. We talked about that last week.

[1572:25] Adele Best: No, I don't. I've really, I really feel like I've overcome all my visibility things. And that's why my first offer is going to be a visibility offer, because I feel very aligned. I feel like it's very authentic, because it's something I've recently overcome.

[1575:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Visibility then leads to specific outcome, and you're Yeah, so

[1576:25] Adele Best: it's like, it's, it's, it's a visibility offer for people that haven't made six figures yet in their business. Mm, hmm. So it's going to be a bit of mindset, bit of internal self confidence work, bit of nervous system trauma work, and then all strategy, cool. So that's the plan, yeah, thank you. And

[1581:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: helping people show up with the with the energy that draws people into their world, yeah,

[1582:45] Adele Best: yeah. So it's all that, it girl, it girl energy. Yeah, that's the energy piece. So I'm going to lead with that into the mini micro offer. And then I'm going to say, actually, this is part of my six figure Muse complete program where we go really deep into this with strategy as well, how you can expand your revenue with visibility.

[1587:41] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah.

[1588:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find, oftentimes my best content ideas for organic. Comes when I my nervous system is the calmest usually, yeah, where I'm not overthinking, yeah. So I find like, we went on a hike yesterday, and I, I literally came up on a great piece of content while we were walking.

[1594:00] Adele Best: Yeah, totally, I agree. Whenever I'm in the gym or I'm in the sauna or sitting in the Jacuzzi. It's like, download, download, downloads. It's just because I'm not even really thinking about it. It's just like, it's so easy, yeah, so you've gotta keep moving. Here's something

[1597:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: interesting to try. I did this today while I was working out. I worked out, and then I just, like, for 30 minutes, just relaxed. I. Calm my nervous system down, from that pushing to where it was, like, super chill, and then just a lot of different a different type of flow comes from that

[1603:19] Speaker 0: too. Yeah, it's like

[1604:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: going from that kind of amped up energy to something really calm, and then from there, you just kind of, I find, if I'm like, even doing other things, from that point, it's like, I'll just, I'll start making lunch. And then an idea for content comes because I'm calm and I'm not overthinking it. Yeah,

[1609:49] Adele Best: totally. And it's the, it's avoiding the overthinking freeze place. Just do not want to be there at all. Yeah, well,

[1612:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm really paying attention to like, what like when you get there. What gets you there? Why you might like, what puts you into an overthinking place as well. Yeah, and then figuring out how to not do the things that put you there?

[1617:08] Adele Best: Yeah, I think, I actually think that you're what you taught today was really good having it's, it's having that vision, it's having that it's, it's mindset, but it is having a vision is very important to shake you up out of why you're doing what? Why? What's, why are we doing all this? Because we want to have the life that we want to have. Yeah, the why is very important. Yeah,

[1622:02] Speaker 0: right. Thanks, awesome. Let me see here, Monica posted in the group. See, Monica said, I've been setting up systems in my other company in order to have more time to invest in my coaching. Might need to update my niche a little bit. It's been a hectic summer, excited. We posted my questions and I work on things. Oh, great, great, awesome. Um, let me see. Did any other questions come in while I Oh, Deborah asked so group coachings for 12 months. I think of it as like a 12 month cycle of payment, because some people stay for longer than 12 months. Others don't, but it will average out to that 47 Yeah, 47 a month is a good like minimum pricing point like that.

[1640:10] Speaker 0: Awesome. What's up? Tiffany, how are you?

[1641:46] Tiffany Quinones: Well, it'd be nice if you could hear me. I get to get ready for work soon, so I'm going to ask a question. So I'm glad that Adele and you were talking about overthinking, because as you were talking today, very phenomenal. Thank you, by the way, for not holding back and for not sugarcoating or watering down your message. I appreciate. Yeah,

[1648:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think today went, went pretty good because I was a little nervous, but not so much that I couldn't get it out. So it was, it was good.

[1650:49] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah, I,

[1651:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I found my best teaching comes when I'm just slightly nervous to teach it.

[1653:00] Speaker 4: That means you're supposed to say it, yeah, it's like,

[1653:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's like, that's where the best stuff comes out. So

[1654:29] Tiffany Quinones: yeah, that's what happened to me today in my Facebook Live to set up my my mastermind event that I'm doing. And I was just speaking with authority. So I'm like, Oh, this is pretty cool. Okay, so as far as overthinking goes, which I know doesn't help me or serve me, because it's energy that's not, you know, the right kind of energy. But I was going to ask anyway, when I hear you talk about having a vault and things, I don't have a vault, I know I don't need one. Okay, thank you for getting that weight off of my shoulders. Because I'm like, I don't really have anything. No, you don't

[1666:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: need one. I do because I just, I've been doing this for so long, and I and I, and it's nice to like, I I have a an ability just to create a lot of content, so I'm going to leverage that as part of my product, because it's something that I'm able to do that not everybody else is able to do, like that. And I, you know, I find that it's a great value add as far as that goes. But then I gotta organize it. I'm not as good at organizing things, but I'm getting better, and so all that to say, like, you don't need to have a vault. In fact, when you start out, it's probably better not to. It's better to just have focused, very specific things that people go through. Now here's the other thing that I've found is that oftentimes, because I've looked at the stats of like, which courses people actually go through, they only go through. Few of the main courses anyways. So I'm going to, I kind of just mentioned a lot of those in my sales pitch. I focus on the main courses. The total online six figure roadmap is like the main one that everyone goes through, because I really want everyone to go through that one. And then we're going to be probably adding, I'm going to be doing, like, I know that I need to do one on doing I'm going to one of our next courses coming up. We're finishing up the go high level class this week. We're going to start a evergreen marketing course all about evergreen deadline funnel. I'm going to walk you through all that in there. In a course, I'm going to walk you through the whole setup of an evergreen deal. So

[1691:12] Tiffany Quinones: okay, well, that takes, like, I said, takes the pressure off, because here I've been like, this whole time, no

[1692:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, and that's I'm

[1693:03] Tiffany Quinones: like, I don't have anything. Everything I've previously done when I had my free Facebook group, it's totally like, I've went back and I watched it. I'm like, Ew, I wouldn't even sell this for for five bucks. This is terrible. So a lot of my older

[1697:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: stuff, I feel that way too, as well. But yes, that's why, like, putting it into the vault, it's, it's, it can go live down there and kind of like in the basement, and then, yeah, well, it's funny, because, like, when I made that content, it was like, the best thing I had created, and people loved it when they went through it, too. And so it's like, that's the evolution of how we evolved to us. Oh yeah, yeah,

[1704:27] Adele Best: growth. Sign of growth. Yeah, you've

[1705:31] Tiffany Quinones: evolved a lot since, since I came in here. But I think it's

[1706:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: being a dad is a big Yeah, like, like, learning how to even when like, stuff is tough. I can stay super happy, excited and playful with my son has made me better at business.

[1711:47] Tiffany Quinones: Very nice, very nice. Okay, perfect. Because I had chat GPT, because I've been focusing on I'm like, How am I supposed to run this mastermind? Because I'm going off of how I've been in masterminds before. And I'm like, new things, new habits, new ways of doing things. And so I went into po because I like Po. By the way, Po is awesome. Oh, it's my bestie. Now I I divorced. I broke up with chat GPT. I mean, it's still there,

[1719:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: by the way, if you want to save a little bit of money, post 20 bucks a month, yep, that's the other one. Actually, it's only 10 bucks a month and gives you pretty much the same features.

[1722:09] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah. So I went in and I LLM

[1722:36] Speaker 0: I'm sorry,

[1723:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: chat. LLM, is only $10 a month. Oh, so that's right here. Oh, and the first month free, and then they have like a two month minimum. So again, they're trying to get 20 bucks out of you. But, you know, you basically, you get, you can get like, three months for, you know, 20 bucks versus three months of Poe would be like 60 bucks. So chat, LLM as all the same algorithms that po does for 10 bucks a month.

[1731:54] Speaker 0: Oh, yep.

[1732:51] Tiffany Quinones: Well, great,

[1733:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. And it's slightly, it's slightly easier to use than po as well. So, oh

[1735:05] Speaker 4: yeah.

[1735:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: It has, has four, oh sonnet, I think it has flux as well for image generation, I believe. So, yep, flux Pro,

[1737:45] Speaker 0: right there. Oh, okay,

[1738:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, yeah, so chat. LLM, it's the, it's the number one best value in AI out there. You know, I think they have an affiliate program too. The lady who made this, she's fun. I love following her. Um, so that's the other thing too. It's a, it's a female owned company, which is super cool. Her name is Bindu Reddy, right here, CEO of abacus. This is her. She's in San Francisco, and she's, she's a fiery AI advocate who started abacus AI, and they are a very cool company. I've listened to a bunch of interviews of her. I'm a fan of hers on there, but yeah, chat, LLM, probably the best value in AI that exists right now,

[1752:00] Speaker 0: 10 bucks a month. Okay, yep,

[1752:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: abacus.ai, chat, LLM, Oh,

[1753:51] Tiffany Quinones: perfect. Um, yeah, because I went into po and I had it create for me, like I used one of your prompts, and, of course, my brain to figure out how to create, like, some topics to talk about in the mastermind, but I'm focusing more on the outcomes and desires that people are looking for. It's actually helping. So, yeah. Um, and I also realized that having knowing my niche also helped me to be able to talk about what I do with confidence. So that wasn't so bad. So it's awesome. Yeah, so thank you all right, yeah,

[1765:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: alrighty, we're going to log off here. Thanks everybody.

[1766:32] Adele Best: Thanks. Jeremiah, I'm really excited for all the stuff that's coming. Yeah, and we got the growth we're going to do

[1768:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tuesday and Tuesday or Thursday and Friday. We got our offer launch pad, so that's going to be fun, even if you can just pop in for

[1770:17] Adele Best: is that? Is that for the new people? That's for everybody, okay,

[1771:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's in the group. So it's for everybody, it's for new people. It's for but it's for everybody. It's sent out to everybody. So my goal with that is I try to do those at least three or four times a year, so I find I get a lot out of them for our program, yeah? Like a container for me to just, like, teach and go through and like,

[1777:42] Adele Best: just for us to, like, ref, refine and solidify for our mind, the newest strategy, yeah, lot

[1779:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: of what we talked about in the in the the total online six figure roadmap, I'll just kind of go through that, and then we'll find whoever's on there. We'll just do some live masterminding, as far as like, where you're at in the process, we'll go over everything with you. Can break down either, either ads, anything, mindset, copy,

[1784:39] Adele Best: but is, is the overall framework. Now, basically, let's get everyone to create an offer and to do it live and keep doing it live until they've completely honed in the messaging and then put it under evergreen, like, what you're doing?

[1788:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, so I'm trying to not really think about it, like two separate things like that. And I think that that's a mistake, okay, cuz we want to think of it whether it's evergreen or not. It's really just like, are you going to do it live? Are you going to get people to show up pre recorded, as far as that goes.

[1792:46] Adele Best: Because I, I personally want to move to have lots of things selling passively, but still have bits of live stuff for like my new my new offer, I'll do it live, but then have stuff in the back that's still bringing in money passively, so that if I don't feel like doing live, I'm still making money. Yeah, and I plan

[1797:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: on doing some live stuff too, but then you have the passive stuff that grows your email list and keeps, yeah, bringing new people in to all of that engagement. So yeah, that is kind of the approach that we're taking. Again. It's the same, it's a lot, it's the same model that we've been doing, but instead of people having to show up at a specific date and time, they can watch it whenever they want. And yeah, but all the marketing methodology, sales copy, the way you deliver the presentation. You deliver it identically as you do live. It's delivered the same way. So, yeah, I would say, though, for pre recorded evergreen, keep the training like under 40 minutes.

[1808:21] Speaker 0: I think that's unlock, if it's pre recorded

[1808:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: like that for the first initial touch with people. Because something that's under 40 minutes, it's long enough that it provides a lot of value, but it's short enough that people won't make excuses to not watch it because it's too long. So,

[1812:54] Adele Best: yeah, cool. Okay,

[1813:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: thank you for that. Just to kind of work through to get your offer launched and out there to people break down any of those nuances of launching, yeah, into so you taking

[1816:23] Adele Best: me two years, but I'll get there. Okay, it's happening. It's happening.

[1817:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay? We want to, because we there's no benefit to look back at what we haven't done in the past.

[1819:58] Adele Best: Yeah, I am where I am. So

[1821:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: my wife and I had a conversation today, like last week, is like, Oh man, I wish I had done this differently over the last two years. Yeah, but that does that benefit me? No. So I look at what am I going to keep doing moving forward? Because keeping talking about, oh, I wish I had done this. This wasn't right. Yeah, it's right. That doesn't really

[1827:52] Speaker 0: achieve anything. So, yeah, alright, alrighty. Y'all

[1829:21] Adele Best: see you. See you in Thursday, Friday, thanks so much. Bye.

