CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-11-04T21:30:16.000Z
Duration: 92 min
Otter ID: amUj81msCCvGQrrqVDtUUnZEh4I
---

[0:47] Speaker 0: All right,

[2:38] Speaker 0: we go. Let's go stream this into the Facebook group. I know y'all love that. I upstream key right here.

[7:31] Speaker 1: Let's go

[8:55] Speaker 0: find the Facebook group link.

[10:43] Speaker 0: Right preparing live stream. Join the Zoom Room here. Invite copy. Invite link, right. Here

[16:08] Speaker 2: we go,

[16:56] Speaker 0: good morning. Morning. Welcome, welcome. Good afternoon, actually, good morning.

[18:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: The days are bleeding one into another right now, we're we're having a great time with our little ones. Halston just sleeps through the night, so that's awesome. We're thankful. Thanks, buddy. That makes it a lot easier. But Kyron man, he had us up last night, all night. But you know what? It's a joy. It's wonderful. I love it. It's teaching me a lot about myself, a lot about because, you know, there's this little thing, and it's like, why would I like if I catch myself? Because it happens, you know, you're tired getting frustrated that he's saying, and I'm like, why am I getting fresh? He's just letting me know he's feeling Why would I get frustrated at this little thing, you know, like, internally, I'm like, Oh, why don't you go to sleep? But then I'm like, You know what? Like, I'm never gonna get this moment back again. And so it's like, with Holston, like, I just, I don't know, I was just frustrated the whole time. I didn't talk about it back then, but now I'll say, looking back really frustrated now, I'm just like, oh my gosh, like all the things that were frustrating me with Halston. I'm like, this is beautiful. This is amazing. This is so fun that I get to do this again. And so it's, it's, it's a it's really crazy how like our perspective can shift, and we can recognize patterns in ourselves and things like that. And it taught me something about myself too. You know, I was like, this belief that I have, of like, when I want something, that if it's not the right time, that I shouldn't ask for it, or things like that. Because if I'm getting frustrated, like my son is asking for something at a certain you know what? I mean? It's like, we get to see a parallel in that. And I think it's just so cool. I noticed that with my coaching business, too, when I'm coaching my clients, I notice a lot of parallels just about myself that work even better than even a therapy session sometimes. And so, yeah, I would say like parenting can be better than therapy coaching others can be better than working with a therapist in some very powerful ways, things that I'm unpacking and uncovering that I just I never knew and never had any ideas about. So anyways, today is our live training day. Live Q, A will be after the training. One thing I wanted to do, I wanted to announce the new classes that we have in the members area. Number one, we just finished the Evergreen marketing course last week. So that's evergreen marketing funnel secrets. Say seven part course where I break down all about doing evergreen marketing campaigns, we just launched another one here, and how you can do that with Evergreen without having to, like, Go live with your live events. Now I'll say this. I'm planning on doing a live webinar here soon. But what's funny is the way that I did my evergreen, I'm going to, I'm going to launch the live webinar fully evergreen, and the only moment that I show up live is just going to be for for maybe a bonus Q A that I'll throw in there. I'm going to write all the emails ahead of time. I'm going to do all of that. In the past, I was doing it like on the fly, and that became just so like so much burnout. What's cool is, with having evergreen offers, I'm constantly getting new leads on my email list. I'm constantly getting new people. I'm able to test new forms of messaging. I'll tell you I am seeing. With evergreen, it's even more important to get very specific as to who you want to reach, because, you know, you don't want to reach people that are just looky lose. You don't want to reach people that are not willing to take action. And we want to make sure that we're reaching the right people in our business. And so the the concept of finding our niche goes beyond just because, beyond just who like what's the topic that I talk about? It goes beyond just who do I talk to. It goes beyond just our initial stage of things, finding our niche. It's about finding people that fit. And I, I've talked about this a lot, they fit into these two categories. They're going to buy from you and they're going to get results. Because you want to know what you want to know. What saddens me more than anything else is somebody who buys from me and doesn't get results. Now, it happens. It happens, but that's not the type. So I can tell if I'm attracting a lot of people who like they're not going through the trainings, they're not showing up to Q and A's, they're not asking questions, they're not posting their offers and things like that. I can tell that there's a might be a slight misalignment in my advertising. You know, I noticed this this past week. I and hindsight is always 2020. You launch an offer, you launch a challenge, you launch a campaign, you launch an evergreen marketing campaign, you launch a challenge. And yeah, you can do you can do challenges evergreen as well. There's a way to do that. I did most of my live events hybrid

[108:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: evergreen. I didn't do a single live session for like two years. They were all pre recorded. Every session that I did, I probably pre recorded it like the day or two before I went live, because that's how I was able to sustain it, having a little one. And then I would show up to the live Q and A, and that was our schedule. I would literally sit there eating lunch with my baby while the session is going live. I got it in the headphone, in my ear, monitoring the comments, you know, and but it was all something I pre recorded the night before and so. But that wasn't necessarily evergreen, because I was still having to make it every every night. I definitely think a you can do an evergreen challenge, I would, I would lean more towards doing evergreen webinars, though, it's just a lot less work. It's a lot less, less energy output in that. But when it comes to your niche, finding the right niche, it's about who are the people that are willing to take action. They're not just they don't just get excited. They're not addicted to dopamine. And I'll tell you, by the way, we're all kind of addicted to dopamine in some level or another. All of us are. It's like it's if you, if you look at how God created the human human beings like the pleasure hormones that we get, the pleasure chemicals we get it when we eat food, we get it so like we're like we all are. But here's what ends up happening, though, is the wrong person they they are addicted to signing up for things and committing without actually taking action, and they haven't learned how to self manage and self regulate that internally, inside of themselves, to where they move past the excitement and then when they had that little dip right here, I've had, I've had some coaching calls with some some clients, one on one calls, um, where that's literally what I tell them. I'm like, Listen, you gotta do it when it's not fun. You gotta do it when it's when. Like, okay, you you got the idea. Now, let's put it out there. But now we gotta move past just the pleasure feeling of I have a great idea, because that's where the finances come from. Most of the time it's going to be boring when we're actually producing the finances for us for what actually makes the money come in? Okay? So what I'm looking for is in my marketing. I don't just want to find people. They get excited about an idea that I'm selling them, and then they disappear, and they're never on a coaching call, and they don't go through the fast start trainings, and they join for 14 days, and they're like, You know what? I'm gone. I didn't go and I look, they didn't go through anything. They didn't log in once, like, they got the pleasure chemical, the dopamine, from registering, and then, like, they got the high off of that, and then that was it, like, that's all they wanted from me, was that? So what I can I can literally identify that my marketing and my messaging can be off when that's who I'm attracted, which is very interesting to. To discover, and it's and it's usually just a slight nuance as to who I'm talking about. This is one of the reasons why, too, getting into conversations and connecting with people that come into your ecosystem are a good thing. You might notice that you're attracting the wrong type of client. I was running a campaign get more clients with Facebook ads? Well, of course, it makes sense to me, but I realized I started talking to some of the people, they were all insurance agents. I don't teach insurance agents. No wonder they didn't buy my program, because they were looking for something for insurance agents. So that's where I had to be very specific, that this is for coaches and course creators. If you don't have a coaching or online course business, or you're building a digital product business, this is not for you. And so that's where, like, getting really dialed in to who you're serving very, very specific as to who that is in our sales copy is, is going to be very important. Okay, so I'm going to talk about that here at the end of today, and I'll talk about some of the ways that we can write effective sales copy that's not just informational, but it's also effective at closing sales. But what I really want to talk about is authentically showing up in your business to not burn out when you're not being your true self. That ends up creating burnout. A lot of our worry and fear that we're dealing with often comes from feeling like, I gotta show up as somebody who I'm not, who who is not naturally me. Or it can be, what if people don't accept the version of me that is naturally me? What if they don't like that version of me? What if they don't buy into it? As far as that goes, How many of y'all have dealt with that? Cuz I know I have dealt with that. I deal with that. I've dealt with that this year, the worry and the fear of, okay, if I don't make this graphic perfect, or this landing page copy perfect, or this offer perfect that these people aren't going to accept me and want to work with me and want to become a client of mine. And then what ends up happening is I end up stepping out of being authentic. I end up stepping out of what allows people to connect with me. I end up moving away from what actually attracts people to me in my business, why people want to work with me, and I end up becoming this robotic copycat version of something that I'm not that's not really in alignment with who I am, simply because I'm trying to gamify the system and make more leads come in and get more sales and try to get more people to buy from me. Now say this, all of the the efforts that I did in all of those things, creating the YouTube videos, the social media content, and all of that, those efforts are great, but I can take a step back and I do this. I do this all the time in like a six month basis. I'm like, Okay, how is the last six months looked since May of this year, because we're in November, I have been building a framework in my business since May of this year. Some of y'all remember I did it. My last live webinar was in May, and it crushed. It was amazing. It was one of the best webinars I've ever done. It was a single session webinar that closed more sales than my live challenges were doing. So I'm like, Okay, this is pretty cool. This is awesome. This is working. This is really what I need to lean in on. And then my evergreen offers have been bringing in as many people as those that live webinar did. So I'm like, Okay, this is starting to crush. This is starting to do the things that I want it to do. This is this momentum is happening, but I can look back at okay, 8020 What did I spend 80% of my effort doing, and then what was the 20% of effort that produced 80% of the results? And I'm always looking at this from a six month perspective. In my business, I'm always doing a six month analysis. Usually I do it in in in April, May, and right around October, November, it's usually follows right after my birthday, and right right around my anniversary, going into the holiday season and the New Year type of a thing. And what it is is I'm evaluating, okay, it's November, so I'm evaluating, what does q1 and q2 look like for next year. I'm evaluating, how did q3 and q4 look like this year? And I'm looking at, Okay, how did this stuff perform? Not necessarily my performance, but how did the efforts perform? I. And I can see, okay, there's a whole list of stuff that didn't work. There's also a whole list of stuff that did work really well. And so I start to evaluate and rank, okay, of the stuff that didn't work, let's eliminate some of that. Of the stuff that did work, let's add more of that. For instance, one of the things that did work is if I just simply reach out to some people, when they end up joining the accelerator program and get into a because we're not doing live Q and A with the Evergreen, if they come in through evergreen, if I reach out and I just like a couple of simple questions to understand where they're coming from, I find that that increases retention overall. So that's something I'm going to lean in more into is is just a slight, tiny bit of direct message, engagement, retention analysis, reaching out to people only after they've come into the ecosystem, only after they've like said, Yes, I want to join in. I want to do this. Let's say somebody cancels their their their membership with the accelerator. I still want to reach out, see where they're at, see what problems they're dealing with, see what they're struggling with, and then identify what patterns do we have in there, and what marketing do we need to adjust? What language do we need to adjust? I'm seeing a massive pivot in my language, in my messaging, in a direction that I need to lean more in than I was doing a lot of two years ago that I

[266:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: my last two evergreen campaigns have been good, but they weren't like exceptional. And so I know, if I just add in a little bit of what of this new piece, which is I'm going to lean more into lead magnets. I'm going to lean more into growing your email list with my evergreen offers. I'm going to lead more into creating evergreen offers, more into building membership sites, building group coaching programs, just that tiny nuance and language there around the idea of Facebook ads and building your business is going to elevate the quality of who I'm attracting to me when I'm running ads, when I'm building these campaigns. And so that's where I look at when I'm running and finding my niche, I'm optimizing and evaluating, okay, who fits the bill of the people that I have retained, that I have connected with, that are showing up on our live coaching calls, that are engaging in the coaching group that have been engaging for the last six months. And I don't just take like one week at a time, I'll take like over the last six months, I'll evaluate the the transcripts of our coaching calls as well. Look at the questions that have been asked. Where have those questions come from, and all of that. And so now this gets me into analytical Jeremiah mindset. I have an interesting brain that I would say the Lord has blessed me with and I didn't look at it as a blessing years ago, and now I'm just, I'm just declaring it's a blessing. I can go hyper analytic, analytical, like, to the point like, where my wife is like, she says it's almost like a personality shift if I go into that, and she calls it my coding brain, or, like, my ads brain, or my logical Jeremiah brain, and then I also have, like, a very, like, hyper creative, artistic brain side that I go into. And I kind of go between these two, when I'm deciding how to do stuff when I'm creating classes, when I'm mentoring, when I'm coaching, I gotta be in the artistic brain. I gotta get out of logic. I gotta get out of data analysis. I gotta get out of that. I gotta get into the feeling and the emotion when I'm, excuse me, crafting my funnels when I'm evaluating what's working, I gotta go hyper analytical. I gotta look at what are the numbers. I gotta crunch the numbers. I gotta look at all the data from that standpoint. And then I gotta bring those two together to show up as the best possible version of myself overall. And so what that does is it allows me to show up and communicate authentically. It allows me to serve my audience in a way that's going to draw and attract those people to me. Now, in our business, how many you want to sound like a used car salesman that's super sleazy and slimy and like gross? I don't. And unfortunately, if you listen to just a lot of sales coaching, even some of my own sales coaching, like I'll look, I can look back at some of my own coaching on sales. Understand this filter anything that I teach through the lens of, I don't want you to be a slick, slimy, sleazy salesperson. First okay ever you don't need to be and I think what what mitigates that is when we can really step into what is our authentic state of mind, our authentic personality, our genius way of showing up, the way we express ourselves are the best expression of ourselves is when we are out of worry and fear, when we are like because when we're in worry and fear that goes into the logic brain, that that that keeps us out of creativity, that keeps us out of connecting authentically, because we're in defense mode. We're in defensive communication, rather than just a go with the flow type of a mode. So go with the flow is how you want to be when you're creating, when you're doing sales, when you're doing your webinars, when you're doing your content, when you're doing your trainings. And you'd think I would get it by now, I've been saying the same thing for like, three years. Perfectionism is just the biggest enemy to this for us, because we end up letting the worry and fear that, oh, if I, if only I can show up perfectly, then it's going to produce the result that I want. If only I can say all the right things perfectly, then it's going to work out when really it's, it's not that it's if I can show up authentically, if I can show up to where people really are connecting with my heart, with my spirit, with and they're they're feeling The energy come out of me, and they're not. They're not. They're not sensing that place of like the version of me that's afraid of saying it wrong, or that I'm trying to overforce My inflection so that it, it creates a certain perception about me, because I can do that. I I've analyzed communication. What are the the rises and falls of inflection, but when I talk authentically, I naturally do those, and I put those into the right places. And I'm not trying to necessarily make it go in the right place or not. If I'm trying to do all this stuff perfectly, that's where burnout comes from, and that's where our procrastination comes from. And that's where we come up with an idea and then we scrap it because we think we're going to make it better. That's where we are hesitant to shift into a different niche over here. That's where we don't want to run Facebook ads because we're afraid of it not working out well, that's where we are worried about people disliking us or judging us. Anytime that we get into defensiveness, we're on the defensive. We're defensive as to what people will think about us. We divorce ourselves from our best version of ourselves, and we end up allowing a inferior version of ourselves to take center stage, and that's exactly what that's what I've struggled with for the longest time in this business right here. And I'll tell you, it's been really cool having this newborn baby show up in my life when he has because it's forcing me to really take care of some stuff that I procrastinated on emotionally learning how to control my emotions and fears and worries and doubts and insecurities. You know, so stuff. I don't want to go into detail on on that, you know, interpersonal relationship, things can become very difficult, especially we're when we're on lack of sleep and things like that. And our we, our mind can end up going haywire in these different directions, and so we gotta be very, very careful as far as where we let our mind take us and and really focus in on, okay, what are the things that are going to move the needle forward For me in my business that I can do, not just to close a sale, but to serve my audience at a high level. What are those things that are going to help move the needle forward for other people? And how can I get. Asked, feeling like I gotta have it all figured out and humble myself a little bit to say, You know what? Let me learn a little bit about what I don't know. Let me ask some questions of some people. Let me get into some conversations and let me start experimenting some more with seeing how if I just show up authentically as myself and I let people know, hey, this is me. Take it or leave it. This is who you're going to get. Not everybody's going to like that, but the ones that are meant to work with you are going to be super drawn to that. Overall, they're going to be really pulled into working with that really, really, really authentic version of yourself. They're going to be really pulled into that version of you that's there to serve them, that's there to help them the most. And so what we want to do is we want to write our sales copy, create our marketing campaigns from a place of demonstrating to people

[419:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: how it is that we're going to be serving them, how it is that we're going to be providing them with what they want. Now there's a number of different ways to discover what people want, getting into conversations with them. If you host a live Q, a or an Ask me anything, you can have people respond to emails that you send them. You can have them respond to posts on social media. You can direct message people directly. And by the way, I'm finding that that that is was not an effective way of doing it. Like a couple years ago, I would message people and they would think I was going to be selling them. Now, I'm finding if I message people and I say, Hey, what's up? Would love to know like, what are you struggling with in your business? I want to see if I can create some content or direct you to something that can help you. They give me, like a whole paragraph of what it is like. They like that like somebody finally took a chance to see them and hear them and listen to them. And so when we can just step out and we make connection become more important than sales, when we make understanding become more important than proving that we're right, when we can make getting to know somebody and understand them and know where they're coming from. This is where we start exercising our empathy muscles. This is where we start really leaning into compassionately, knowing and understanding where somebody's coming from and who they are. Now the flip side of this is this, okay. You can get really, really caught up in this that I just talked about and that will make you no money. You can get really, really caught up in compassion and connection and communication, but you're not selling, but you're not asking for the sale, but you're not closing the deal. And so here's what I found that works the best, is you just go really hyper authentic, as if you have nothing to sell, at connecting with people I just in my mind, anytime I make content, anytime I send a direct message to somebody, anytime I and the P and again, the people I'm DMing, they're already on my email list. They've already been engaging with my content. Most of the time, they've actually already written me first. So it's, I'm getting some inbound DMS from them off of my content, and then I can start the conversation. So I'm not even so I'm not, I'm not cold DMing, anybody. I still don't believe in cold DMing, but these are warm direct messages, and I think that there's something there about warm DMing people, to warm them up and start to get to know people that we can really learn a lot. Now there's something though, that we gotta be careful of. We're not just trying to make friends. Okay? We're not just trying to make internet friends. I can make internet friends like that, and this was a mistake that I made in the beginning of my business is I got way too friendly, way too familiar with people. And if you, if y'all have ever followed you've been following me. Some of you have been following me for a long time. I tend to have behavior that's kind of like a pendulum, where I will go from one side of the extreme to the other, and then I'll start to kind of find the balance in the middle. You know, some people say my mom is kind of the same way. I'll find like one extreme over here, where, when I first started, the accelerated. Program in this business, I was hyper, hyper connected with people like I had hundreds of DMS I was sending to people with no purpose behind it, with no sales pitch whatsoever. And it's no wonder a bunch of those people ended up joining the accelerator program initially, and ended up staying for a couple years because of that connection was built with no ulterior motive there. Now here's the problem. Some of those people got really pissed off because I ended up setting a boundary where I no longer I don't coach people anymore for free in the DMS, if you want coaching from me, you gotta join my coaching program. I can send you content. I can give you a few little like, great jobs and stuff like that. But if you want to ask me questions, if you want to do coaching, you gotta go in my coaching program. Now I swung the pendulum to the other perspective, where I was like, I'm never messaging anybody, never talking to nobody. I'm only going to send them through my webinars, and the only place they can talk to me is that they pay me money and that. And I'll tell you this, I'm glad I did that, because the I'll tell you, the people who came into my business at that time were the highest quality clients I ever got, because they were willing to go through all the hoops and all the boundaries and all the limitations to come in. Now, what I found is the balance, and I think it's also been the way that the industry is starting to shift. You know, I still don't do sales calls. I don't need to, but starting to engage with people, starting to message them a little bit, starting to interact and get to know people, but having a boundary to where I'm not trying to make friends, I'm not just trying to let's have friends. Let's buddy up. Let's get into emotional, deep conversations. And here's the other interesting thing, just a side note, I'm a married man, and a lot of clients I have are women, so I don't want to get into deep, emotional conversations in private DMS with women clients that I have. It's just, it's just a boundary for my marriage that I've had. But again, like my wife has no problem with me DMing women on my social media, from a business perspective, as far as that goes. And so all of this, I was like, Okay, I gotta practice my boundaries. I gotta maintain my boundaries. Now I'm like, Okay, I'm going to let go of all the perfectionism, and I just want to be authentically Jeremiah. I'm just going to be me, and I want to connect with people, and I'm going to talk with them, I'm going to get to know them, and I'm going to help them, but I'm always going to lead the conversation towards the intention of join my coaching program. And it's working really well. It's, it's, it's working really, well, exceptionally well, to where all roads lead into you gotta join the coaching program. To get the coaching interaction. I have content that are all roads lead into that. And so if I when I can show up authentically, authentic for me, looks like I'm going to record content when I'm sitting on the couch with my baby. I'm going to record content in the car. I'm going to record content where I'm walking around. I'm going to, I don't need to be super hyper, polished with every little thing that I'm saying. I got, I got really caught up in this whole like, okay, Mister, mister beast, sent out this memo of, like, the first six minutes of YouTube videos. What do you say in them? I think there's something still pretty valuable to that. But I got way too, like, hyper fixed on, okay, what's the perfect six minutes opener to a YouTube video? And I'll tell you, like, the first couple I did worked really well, and then, like, the last couple of YouTube videos I did did not do it so well. And so I'm like, Okay, I think it's because I started trying to formulatize, I don't even know that's a real word, systematize what was coming authentically for me, and now I'm trying to turn it into some kind of a rigid formula that that is just the truth, the essence, The Love, the connection, the passion, isn't there. Okay, and so in everything you do, don't lose your passion. Don't lose the passion for what you're doing. Be passionate in how you show up, in how you engage with people. I'm passionate when I message people now, I'm passionate when I ask them, What are they going through? What are they dealing with? And they tell me, I'm struggling to get clients. I don't know how to grow my email list. I want to get more leads. I'm I'm dealing with how it takes forever to create content that that one just always makes me sad because I. It doesn't have to take forever to create content. It doesn't have to take forever to create a lead magnet, but I know what it's like because I've also taken forever to do so. And it's that perfectionism. It's that feeling like I gotta get it all perfect and all right, and it's gotta be all dialed in before it's good enough to be able to put out there. And so when we can, kind of like, just say, Okay, let me, let me just in all things, I'm going to show up, what feels good to me, what's authentic, what can I do now? What can I do my best at and, and I'll say, like, let me, let me unpack this one thing right here, doing my best at okay. It is better for me to show up, relaxed, authentic calm in my best state of mind, away from worry and fear,

[578:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: and maybe have my hair a little bit disheveled and maybe a little bit of an overgrown beard, and have my baby in one arm, and I'm making a little short Instagram reel, then me making it super hyper, polished and perfectly crafting it every little detail. Because when I'm trying to craft every little detail, I'm just like me, like painting like a I got like a, like a model hand or something. When I'm trying to craft every little detail, I lose that connection. I just it just goes away. It just vaporizes, because now it's way too scripted. Now it's way too we're trying to game the system. We're trying to say the right things to get people to buy from us. And I'll, and I, and I would would say that that's the case for for most coaches and mentors that I meet, is that when they could just show up as themselves, I'm just going to have fun today. Say that I'm going to have fun today. I'm going to do the thing. This is one of the best things that can beat procrastination in your life, too, because a lot of the reasons we end up procrastinating, at least for for me is because I'm waiting for the right opportunity, the right moment, the right setup, the right staging, the right lighting, all of that to get ready to do something, to launch something, to put it out there, When really what's effective is showing up being consistent. Analyze. Analyzing the data, not spending so much time trying to get it perfect before we put it out the door. And so when it comes to writing our sales copy, because those are really the again, the two stages, I think of, like, where, where 95% of everybody who's here in this program gets the most value. Finding your niche, dialing that in, and your niche is always something that's evolving. It's always improving. It's always getting better. It's always becoming more dialed in. That's okay. And then our sales copy are the words that are written. It's the words that are written for a lead magnet that are going to get people on our email list, something that are going to get people to sign up on our email list, to create that connection, some kind of video content that they're going to connect with you around. Even if you launch an ebook, I still want you to have some sort of video content on the back end that they can engage with, and something that's free, that's video content that they can engage with, as well, some kind of long form video content where they can you can go through your system. You can break down for them, the mindset, you can break down for them the practical aspects of your system, and then it gives you an opportunity to verbally connect with people and close the sale. And when we can do this, and we're just relaxed, we're having fun with it. We're not trying to make it all perfect and say it all perfectly. People, people get grab onto our vibe. They grab onto that essence. They grab onto how it feels. And that's what draws and attracts people to us, to want to become our clients. And so like when it comes to writing sales copy, one of the best things for writing sales copy that I find, I find this works the most when it comes to writing sales copy is if you find yourself struggling to write sales copy, you're struggling to know what should I say or come up with creative ideas. A day or two of self care often cures writer's block like nothing else but. Doing things that are fun for you, that are unrelated to your business, breaking the little bit of the hyper cycle that you do, and then come back to it after doing that, and you'll have a new sense of clarity for writing your copy, because you're able to you're what it is is you're able to spend a couple of days being authentic yourself. And then you come back to it writing that copy. And that's where we can use AI to help us write the sales copy and things like that. So I want to take some some questions here I see Adele. She's raised her hand a couple of times today, just having fun with it is what you want to do. You want to have fun throughout all of these different things right here. So all right. Uh, Adele, what's going on? Yeah,

[652:16] Adele Best: I just wanted to affirm everything you said. So I took all of October completely away from business stuff. I had an American evangelist staying with me. I did ministry all of October and the whole and it actually fixed a lot of, a lot of deep seated things came up, and it was like therapy, and I got to deal with a lot of things. And I actually was really, really, I was like, Oh, I'm really missing Jeremiah's call. I'm really missing, like, the business stuff. I'm really, really, I feel like taking a month away. I feel like my nervous system is so relaxed. I'm like, I really want to make content, and I feel really chilled. And I just like, see, just taking a step back, I'm like, I have been over complicating this business is simple, create something, put it on a lap, and get people like, serve people like that. Yes, you can have all the data and the bells and whistles and the strategies and blah, blah, blah, but like, I have been over complicating this, and I just feel like something inside of me has broke, and I've come down to earth, and I'm like, seriously, like, just get on with it. So this whole not knowing whether I'm going to do narcissistic abuse or whether I'm going to do business coaching, it doesn't really matter. Just do both, you know, whatever. So I feel really chill now, and I'm really

[671:13] Speaker 0: feels great for you, as far as

[671:52] Adele Best: Yeah and like, yes, be creative. Like, yes, make nice graphics, have nice banners, have nice logos and all that stuff. But just chill. And the most important thing is, yeah, just be authentic. Because, you know, see, if you're trying too hard, it is just like dating. It's going to repel people. So the only thing you can do is just be yourself. Try to be chill about stuff, be professional, but like, you have to just, like, seriously, trying too hard is just counter cultural. And I think that's where I've been. I've been stuck in this protector part of perfectionism, and now I I've just realized that I actually don't need to do that. There's, I have more than enough stuff that I can serve people with. And really, do you know, like, so, yes,

[682:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I really, I really had more than enough for years for I know, but

[684:01] Adele Best: I just couldn't see it. But I've really, like, I really want to set up, like, a I really, really want to set up as part of a system as possible. So yeah, I will do live events and stuff, but I really want to shift it all to that

[687:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: system. But you gotta be a little bit active with connecting with people.

[688:27] Adele Best: Yeah, I really want to get into YouTube as well. I want to make long YouTubes and then chop them up for my content. Sure, there's a girl on YouTube, you got to check her out. She's called dodash. She's absolutely blowing up on Instagram or on YouTube. And so she, she, you know, there's like, I don't know if they have it in America, but she delivers food to people. So she just started recording herself video delivering food, and her channel's completely blown up, and it's kind of really anti Mr. Beast. It's just her delivering food, no makeup on. Doesn't look amazing. She's just talking into the camera, and people are loving it, because it's just so real, so authentic. And she's just being herself, and she's just sharing her journey of like, getting monetized. And so she's blowing up. And it's not this whole, you know, everything's planned the x degree, and it has to have all these that Mr. Beast style. I think people are getting tired of that kind of dopamine, dopamine, dopamine, hit, hit, hit. I think people just want something chilled, authentic, you know. So, yeah, I really, yeah. I've been away during October, but I'm back now and I'm ready to go.

[705:27] Speaker 0: It's great. It's right here, Michelle, there you go. That's awesome. And I love

[707:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: just having you here and just hearing how you're having breakthrough like that. That's awesome. So when I was talking today, I was really, when I was planning out today's talk, I was really thinking about you, Adele, as well. So that's funny,

[711:12] Adele Best: because when you were delivering the speech, I was getting really convicted. And I was like, I really hope he's not talking about me. But I was like, Do you know what I I am the person. I'm

[713:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: not putting you on the spot. I'm saying we deal with this. I was talking to everybody that's here. But I was like, I know this is going to help Adele a lot.

[716:21] Adele Best: I know. I was like, oh my goodness, he's talking about me. And I was like, I don't want to be that person, that that person that sits in the coaching program for two years and doesn't, doesn't do anything like that is really sad. And I do not want to be that person. And I'm not one person. Let

[719:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: me take a it's not going to. Know, to address that right here. That's not really sad. It is. But I want to flip our language on that. It's not, though, because we gotta accept how things have been for us, yeah, instead of being hard on ourselves.

[723:39] Adele Best: But I think it's tragic. I think it's tragic when you've invested the money, you're investing the time, you've got so much to offer the world, but you let the enemy steal your voice and steal your destiny. Like I'm kind of like, No, I'm I it's just, no, I do not want to be in that category. I sat there for a long time and no, I'm not. That's not going to be me. No

[729:20] Speaker 0: way. Like you have grown, though too. Yeah,

[730:13] Adele Best: I have been on a journey. I've been on a very long healing journey. But that ministry that I got, that ministry that I was doing, really exposed a lot of like, for example, I was going to this prophetic meeting once a month, and I kept saying to my friend, they don't appreciate me. They don't appreciate me. And she was like, Why do you keep saying that that's like a childhood thing, of like you never felt appreciated. And then, like the Lord revealed to me that this whole perfectionism thing was me trying to feel appreciated. And I was like, wow, that's, that's, that's where this perfectionist part is, like, I have to be perfect to be appreciated. And then I realized that in my childhood, you know, I wasn't given that feeling, that sense. So there was, like, I just going to give it to myself.

[740:50] Speaker 0: I appreciate you. That's interesting.

[741:17] Adele Best: I and I got to the rid of it. You know,

[742:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I meet so many coaches and, course, creators, that they're that's what they're dealing with and and usually that's a big block for them. They don't feel appreciated, they don't feel seen, and they actually want to feel seen, but then they're afraid of feeling seen at the same time. Yes, they're afraid of feeling seen, but they don't feel seen, okay, yeah. Now what's interesting is, just for me, I was over appreciated growing up. Okay, never felt underappreciated like ever in my life. So like, like, I'm somebody who's never actually experienced that, but I find that I connect with do experience that. And so again, maybe I don't talk about that as much, but I find that's a big that's a big area that that's why I work on trying to appreciate everybody who is around me too, in an authentic way too, but like, yeah, when We can appreciate ourselves, when we know that God appreciates us, we are in ourselves. Yeah, then you end up surrounding yourself with people who appreciate you,

[760:14] Adele Best: yeah? And this whole perfectionist, this whole perfectionist thing, it just robs you, and it robs the people that you're ordained to serve of the beauty of serving them and transforming their lives. It's very selfish to stay stuck in this perfectionism all about me thing, and I just, I saw it all from a distance, and I was just like, No, I'm going to change this. So it often,

[765:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: sometimes definitely comes from a lot of pain, yeah, and again, a lot of selfish activities come from trying to resolve pain, trying to move away from pain. That's what they are.

[769:47] Adele Best: Yeah, so and so I've realized that. So basically, this girl has been training me in the deliverance ministry. I've been casting out a lot of demons. I've been doing a lot of inner healing with people, just sitting with people, loving them, just seeing their pain. And I've really decided, like, I really want to do this full time, so I have to get this business off the ground, because I want to be free. I want to be free to, like, do my destiny. So sounds

[776:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: like you're kind of building a whole beautiful framework for what you're going to be doing. Well, I

[777:51] Adele Best: can actually see the reason why the Lord had me training as a as a trauma coach, because the inner healing with deliverance, it's very interlinked trauma and kind of the next step after the trauma work is the deliverance. So yeah, that's where the Lord's had me. But I felt really guilty the whole time that I was like, Oh, I'm not doing my business stuff. I'm not doing my business stuff, but it did me good to take a break, take that whole pressure off myself, stand back and actually get a lot of healing myself, yeah?

[784:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: So one of the biggest things that we can do, though, we gotta not be so harsh on ourselves, yeah, really look at how we're talking to ourselves about ourself.

[787:41] Adele Best: Yeah, that was quite a judgmental comment. You know about judgments

[788:22] Speaker 0: that we have, you know? Yeah? But, but it is sad for people

[789:27] Adele Best: that. So I suppose, I think, I think someone said it there in the comments, like entrepreneurship, it's like free therapy, because it brings up all your stuff. Yeah, it really does bring it up, and it brings it up so that we can deal with it.

[793:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and I've, I'll tell you this, like I've judged myself. I've not because I've wanted to hurt anybody, but, like, I've judged my clients. I've judged people on social media, and just anytime, like, I start to make this breakthrough around, like, Okay, I. Got to show up authentically. It's like, okay, wait a sec. That fear of judgment, that judgment of myself, that that's a that's a big one, and I'm still processing through some of that my too. You know, I don't want to go, like, super deep into that right here. I'll like, Yeah, I think it's important, though, for me to talk about right now, yeah,

[805:57] Adele Best: I think that we just when we're writing our copy, we need to make sure that our copy is not all judgmental. And you should be doing this. You should be doing that. It should our copy should be clear and neutral with that language, because that's very compelling.

[808:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: We also don't want to be defensive against others judgment.

[810:02] Adele Best: Yes, we've gotta be very neutral, because we're a business. We're, you know what I mean? Yeah.

[811:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yes, that's so true. Posting appreciation on other people's stuff, I love that. That's, that's something that I I love doing. And, yeah, awesome. Alright, um, we love you, and we're glad you're here. Oh, thank

[815:56] Adele Best: you guys. Love to be here. Tiffany,

[816:20] Speaker 0: what's going on? Tiffany,

[817:26] Tiffany Quinones: good morning. Morning. This conversation is powerful today. Yeah, well, drop, mic, drop. Thank you for my therapy session. And guess we'll just ask the question in the group. Um, I posted some copy over the weekend. You don't have to look at it now, if you're pressed for time. Um, yeah, no, we can look at it. Okay, so I'm excited, because I'm not sure what has switched, but my authenticity has been popping forth. I'm having more fun. I'm feeling more capable. I've gotten new subscribers on my YouTube, one new person on my email list for the free lead magnet that I have. And then I decided to create a course that people will pay for. And then I'm also creating an email series with MailChimp, but it's it's one to keep them engaged and then promote my workshop. Cool. So my question for the email

[837:12] Speaker 0: series, some of this text right here on this landing page. Oh, I

[838:08] Tiffany Quinones: don't know why it looks like that on

[838:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: desktop. It does so. Oh, but again, I love the like the this copy is. So this is, this is great. This. This is a lot more powerful than you know. And look at the journey that your copy has evolved from where it was three months ago.

[843:17] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah, yeah. It's it's like, now I have clarity. I don't know what's happened, but I'm just like, I can now say what I do without a deer in the headlights.

[846:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know what's happened. You've gotten more confident in being yourself online and because you've done the work. So this is where there's a side of confidence. I would say confidence comes in two stages. So confidence comes there's a confidence that we need before we do the work that's slightly delusional and not it's not a bad thing. We need it like to we're like, okay, I can do this. Right? Like, that's like, the the confidence of like, like, we can do like we you have no evidence, no proof of it, but I can do it. I'm going to go out there and do it. But then that confidence upgrades to like, a super confidence once you've done the work and you've proven it. And by the way, it doesn't have to produce the result you wanted. You just needed to do the work. You just needed to do the actual work to get it out there. So part of the confidence that you're feeling, I don't know what happened, I do, is you've got these lead magnets created for the first time in your life, something that you've been wanting to do because you've learned. When did you first learn about creating lead magnets and growing your email list over 10 years ago,

[867:21] Tiffany Quinones: probably, but I wasn't paying attention years

[868:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: ago, yeah. And yet, for the first time, we did that in the last three months?

[870:19] Speaker 4: Yeah, so there. So

[870:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's a shift that happens when we do the work, when we do the work, and then I don't know what happened. Well, I do the thing you knew that you should have done, that you've been procrastinating that's felt like it was a mountain, finally, is now a little anthill that you have conquered, and now you're seeing new things to conquer. Mm, hmm. And it's no longer as daunting. And now a lot of the other stuff that seems so difficult is no longer sorry, that's why, like, I just encourage everybody, like, just get. I would say, like, get one lead magnet up and then create another one. Because, like, that act of even creating, like, a one lead magnet and then creating your next one is just it unlocks this inner confidence about I can make this online marketing thing work, because now the hard stuff is no longer hard for me, right? Rest of this is easy, because now all I gotta do is just show up as myself consistently and and the more I show up as myself consistently and connect with people as myself, it's gonna work. It's gonna start to work. It's going to bring in people into my ecosystem. And so that's the shift that's happened.

[893:44] Speaker 4: Yeah, thank you.

[894:14] Speaker 1: Yeah.

[894:29] Tiffany Quinones: I forgot actually, who's on my email list, and I have a friend who signed up for my eBook lead magnet, and she was in my inbox talking to me how amazing my email series is. And I'm like, Oh my gosh, I forgot you were on there. So thank you.

[898:38] Speaker 0: Yeah, you know, I think I just, I think that there's just, there's a, there's a, there's such a there's a genius woman

[902:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you are with, connecting with people that is coming out, and it's being, it's really like, it's it's being exemplified through this with people, and people are seeing it, and they're recognizing it. And that's the first stage of today. It might just be one person tomorrow. It can be 1000 people. It can be 2000 people. Now, imagine that, like, what if you had like, 2000 people that are reading your emails and they're getting impacted by them? Yeah, well, and that's sort of like, like, Channel your inner, just you followed her for so long. Sandy Krakowski, your inner Jeremiah, a little bit right? Like, you know, now you kind of know what it's like to feel like us. We're like, you know, when we send an email out, like, 1000 people read it, 2000 people. Like, every time I send an email out, I have at least 1000 to 2000 people that read out all my emails and so, like, that's a lot of people that are like, I'm engaging and interacting with every single day. Yeah, and, and, and, like, imagine if you had 2000 people sitting in a in a room with you. How many people that is?

[922:46] Speaker 4: A lot of people. Well,

[923:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: it is a lot of people, because I want to, I want to show you exactly what it looks like.

[925:03] Tiffany Quinones: It's a lot of heads.

[925:41] Speaker 0: 2000 people in a room looks like,

[926:37] Tiffany Quinones: wow. Actually, that down, please. It's actually a dream of mine to go speaking on stages.

[928:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: But what's amazing is is digitally, we end up speaking on a digital stage every single day. Whenever I send an email out, my email list has, I think, right around, like 4000 people on it. It's, it's like reaching, you know, that many people every single time I send something out,

[935:54] Tiffany Quinones: oh, that's a good that's good picture. And so

[936:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's, you know, if you got a YouTube video that has, what if you just have like, 60 people that, that that watch something that you send out. Well, what does 60 people in a room look like? Look at this. Here's 60 people right there. That's a lot of people.

[942:23] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, and I guess we don't think view it as that much, because we can't necessarily see the faces, but now this

[944:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: puts up. We gotta understand there's no difference or separation between the real world and the digital world. Mm hmm, people are, they're, they're, they're, they're connected through all these computers around the world. But when they're reading your email or they're reading your content for a moment in time, they're all connected together in that one thing. Yep. So, like, when I get, you know, couple 100 people, every time I launch a lead magnet, I get a couple 100 people that sign up for it, yeah. And so, like, that is, like, I'm giving a talk to live to a couple 100 people every time I do that, so it's having that perspective. And again, maybe you're just starting with one person. Maybe you're just starting with five people. You know, again, five people. I'll get a visual of that, like, here's five people sitting around a table masterminding something you. Can do a lot with five people at a table, true. You get to do a lot with five people on the internet too. And so no matter what stage we're at in our business, we use these tools to build connection. We use these tools, our lead magnets, our landing pages, our offers to build connection and then to our sales process is the opportunity to invite somebody into the result. So when we're selling we're inviting somebody in to get that outcome, to get that result. And most of the time, those people are at a point in their life where they're like, I've tried everything before. I don't know what I'm doing wrong. I need somebody to help me figure it out. And then what you do is you show up and say, Well, great. You know what's awesome is, that's the story I hear from a lot of people that I work with, and I can help you, and we're gonna and we can get you past where all these previous things have failed for you,

[976:32] Tiffany Quinones: that's literally what so I I have built a great friendship with a previous client who recently gave me a testimonial, who literally told me very similar to what you just said, she had been using all the tips and strategies to practice self care and set boundaries, But she got to the place where she was almost in burnout, and in, oh yeah, craziness, and then she escaped all that. And I'm like, Aha. So that act, that testimonial, actually helped me realize, oh, this is what I do.

[986:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I would say that a lot of people too. Say, you know, I would tell a testimony like that to a lot of people. You want to take the testimonies that you already have in the case studies, and you start telling those back to people as their story that they're going to experience. Mm, hmm, yup. Alright, you're doing great, Tiffany,

[992:22] Tiffany Quinones: thank you. I'm having more fun now because I'm like, yes, let's create some more badasses.

[994:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's awesome. That's awesome. All right, see, anyone else got any other questions here today in our live Q and A here,

[998:54] Michelle Plucinsky: hey, no questions. But as always, I just want to say thank you for the topics you bring up that matter, and we clearly feel them. Yeah, yeah. Or Landon is, yeah. Do you know who Sarah Landon is?

[1003:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, Sarah Landon, yeah, no,

[1004:40] Michelle Plucinsky: she's in the metaphysical space, and where you guys are more religious, I'm more like towards the woo, woo. But she talks about that and how energy is shifting, and what you call

[1008:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: it a little more metaphysical than I let on, yeah?

[1009:36] Michelle Plucinsky: Because it's pretty cool, like, some of what you're saying is the same thing I'm getting from her group. So it like, that's all resonates and makes it more like, Yeah, this is happening for all of us, which is really nice.

[1012:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, very cool. I find, I find where the metaphysical sometimes falls short is like, we gotta take action and do the hard things too, and we gotta, like, sometimes do the uncomfortable thing a little bit. And so, you know, she's talks

[1017:50] Michelle Plucinsky: about like we all have the power within us, which I really like, because I was raised Catholic, and it was always outside of me, like someone else is going to tell you what to do. So to take back your power is interesting. Yeah,

[1021:47] Speaker 0: that's awesome. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, you bet, right. Adele,

[1024:22] Adele Best: just one last question about the courses. So I'm really looking forward to catching up on the Evergreen course. I'm going to get into that this week. But what? What's, what courses are coming next? About to say

[1027:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: that, and that's awesome. Oh yes, I was kind of, I was gonna, I mentioned that at the beginning, and I kind of like, which is so funny, because I, like, I naturally talk in hooks that keep people connected. Yeah, when I try to force myself to I don't do so well. But, like, when I just naturally talk, I end up doing it better than, like, trying to force it. So funny. So anyways, the latest courses are, it's an AI. It's a course all about creating, like, ebooks with AI. And I'm going to walk you through the whole process of creating an ebook, start to finish using AI.

[1037:29] Adele Best: And okay, is that? Is that for being a lead magnet? Yeah, for a

[1038:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: lead magnet. So I'm doing that because that's been one I've been wanting to tackle for a little while, and I think that'll be good. In the archive. And then we just started one this week. It's called, it's all about email writing. So it's about writing the best emails, write the best emails that engage with people, so that you because we have a couple like email marketing and theoretical courses. But this one is a copy, kind of copy paste for email, yeah, because I was watching some of the app and some of the training on that. So that's what we're going to dive into, is email writing. And we did have, like, an email marketing the fun way Made Easy. Course I did. A while back, I was talking about using Jasper with that that's so outdated now, so I'm talking about, like, how we're using Claude as the AI for this, and breaking down a lot of the ways that I like to write emails and how to do it. So simply, you know how it doesn't have to take a lot of time, and how to really streamline a lot of your email writing process. So

[1054:55] Adele Best: so you know the way a lot of people will say, Oh, just take your your rails and your stuff and you can repurpose it in an email, but, but do we have to change the tone from a from a reel to an email? Is there, like, a kind of different slant you have to? Is it kind of have to be more conversational in an email?

[1059:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a little bit of a tone in an email, and I break down how to know how to make that tone really good. Do

[1061:01] Adele Best: we use chat GBT to get that tone, yeah. You

[1061:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: can use that for that, but you can also, like, look at, that's why I say you want to join a bunch of different email lists from other so many, yeah. And look at what emails they're sending out every day. Yeah? Look at, like, the different types of emails. Then what you can do is you can take your reels content and kind of talk about some of that inside of the email itself. So that was good. Yeah, I'm going to break that down, like, step by step. How you do exactly that in this course, which is really cool. So those are the two that I'm doing right now. A little bit more AI heavy, instead of me just doing like another chat. GBT, course, I'm like, I want to make, like, a focused, okay, how to use AI for ebooks, how to use AI for email writing. Yeah,

[1074:07] Adele Best: I really like that practical. I really like that, how we can actually turn that into sales, because we don't just, we want stuff that's going to make us money.

[1075:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and I talked about, you know, when you create an ebook, you still want to have a video content that they go into, because video is really we're going to make that connection that closes the sale more than anything else. So cool.

[1079:29] Speaker 3: Thank you. Alright. Look forward to

[1080:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Shonda Whitworth, what's up? Shonda, how are you?

[1081:25] Shonda Whitworth: Hey, Jeremiah, I'm good. How about you? Just want to share a lesson I had last week, and that was not to dismiss leads I have. My cousin had called me and told me that she works at a church office, and somebody came in asking for help with their book and needing to get it to a publisher. And she goes, Oh, I can't do that, but she thought of me and referred it to me. Well, this lady lives in assisted living, and I'm like, Well, I don't know, go ahead and give her my number and have her call me. When she called me and left me a voice message, and it was so heart wrenching, and it said, I want to finish my book before I'm finished. And so I called her back, and so she told me that her congestive heart failure flared up, and she already had a contract with the publisher, one of those publishers you pay. And she said her manuscript was complete, but she didn't know how to format it the way they wanted to format it. I asked her she could email it to me, and she said, Well, she can't see anymore because she's not breathing well, and really needed somebody to come over. And so my heart kept telling me, go over, go over, because I really didn't want to go over there. But I told her, I made an appointment. I went over there on Friday. I looked at it, her manuscript is not complete. I looked at what her publisher was looking for, and I told her what all she still needed. And I felt like, can I tell her? You know, this is what I do. This is what I get paid for. I didn't know how to ask for anything, and so I just kept telling her, Well, this is what I do. This is my business. She goes, Oh, hon, I want to pay you. And so she says, I'm not asking for anything for free. And so to my surprise, I left there with a nice size retainer to do some D done for you work for her, that's awesome. And it totally I just realized that the judgmental thing that you talked about, you know, like, okay, I guess I was classifying her because she just went on hospice as well. And, you know, an assisted living on hospice doesn't have family nearby. She's got some amazing stories. I mean, it's so moving. And yet, willing to pay. And it just, and I kept thinking, well, that assisted living is not given our discount. Hospice isn't given our discount, you know, yeah, I don't know, but I was just realized that we can't dismiss opportunities that come our way. Yeah,

[1128:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, and I think we definitely sometimes some, some opportunities are, are not opportunities. And those ones, we want to use discernment to know but, but we also want to look at like, Okay, what is coming our way? And are we feeling that, that nudge to take a look at at what it is? And so it sounds like you did, and you went through with it and, and you were pleasantly surprised by it.

[1135:52] Shonda Whitworth: I was pleasantly surprised and and she's a wonderful woman, I really do also look forward to getting to know,

[1137:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll tell you, I felt nudged to just text somebody to see how they're doing, and then the next week I have I make like, a $30,000 retainer from them, just because I felt nudged just to see how they're doing, and so like all that to say, like, that's exactly what that is is oftentimes, this is where you find that you're in alignment with what you're meant to do and what we're called to do in each moment. And that it might not look like the final version of like, where you want to get to, but it's a stepping stone to get there. And what's happening is, as we end up getting resourced financially, God ends up resourcing us financially for the things that we're that we're doing, and it's just simply us saying yes and stepping forward to start to walk, walk into that, that territory, to step into that thing. And it might not make sense, but it well that happens more often than than I think we realize, and that's that's where life is a beautiful, amazing, unpredictable thing. And when we try to predict it, when we try to systematize and make it, make it a formula and a prescription, way too much, that ends up removing us from what like we're meant to do systems and data and all of that are important. And I'm and I'm all about those, but I'm also equally about like, let's make it fun. Let's go with the flow, and let's do what you just did here. So it's awesome, right?

[1167:21] Shonda Whitworth: Going with the flow. And I did learn that, you know you're talking talk about really nailing down your niche. You have it still up there on your board, right? Really nailing and and so that really helped me solidify the niche, because you're like, Well, where are you helping people at when they come in, in the publishing process? Well, she signed a deal with the publisher, but she doesn't have the manuscript written ready. She's got a partial manuscript. And so I really realized, yeah, that's where I've been helping a lot of clients, is in the writing and getting the manuscript written. So that's the phase that I've been working with clients on. Even though I would love to work with clients through the whole process, that's not what I've done. And so really nailing that down, and niche niching that in, yeah, into the writing, the manuscript portion of it, that's awesome.

[1181:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: And and finding people that like they want to pay because, again, they want to get their message out there. They're sick and tired of it just taking too long to get to gain progress to where they want to be, right?

[1184:42] Shonda Whitworth: So now I'm thinking about how I can use this, you know, and market this like, don't wait till you're an assisted living going on hospice to get your message done. Because now, I mean, what can we do to use that to

[1189:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could use that as a story that you could send in an email. You could, you could talk about it just as an example. You could say, you know, a lot of people, they go through their whole life and they come to the end of it, God forbid, they still don't have their message out. And, you know, I've actually met people where they've been on assisted living, and they're saying, you know, I want to, want to get my book written before I you know, for I'm no longer here and and that should never be the case for anybody. And so you could talk about that in your in your presentations, you could talk about that in your marketing and your emails from that perspective,

[1199:04] Shonda Whitworth: okay? Because, yeah, because here she is at end of life. Much, you know, nearing the end of her life, we don't know the number of her days, you know, God, yeah, but, but she, her faith is so strong because I said, All right, well, I'll put a sense of urgency on this. She goes, Oh, don't worry, hon, I'm not going nowhere till this book's written. The Lord already told me that I'm like, But, but, but I just thought about using that in some of the marketing. I am pivoting and going to do a live event next week, so I'm working on getting that funnel up and ready. Do you think that from Wednesday to Wednesday is enough marketing time now these days? No, as long

[1210:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: as you have at least a week to do it, I would try to give yourself two weeks. So I like two weeks.

[1212:21] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, I'm going for one. I'm taking imperfect action because that's what works for November, yeah. So yeah, going for one. All right, you what's up? I said, thank you.

[1217:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh yeah, you bet All right, let's see. Anyone else got some questions here today? Want to talk about anything, anything we've dove into? I

[1222:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ben, does Ben got a question? Ben raised his hand. There we go. It's like he, like lurked with the camera, and then he, then he,

[1224:22] Speaker 5: yeah, sorry, we got, always got things going on, man. So yeah. Question for you, yeah, I'm reaching out to people now for some reviews, like people that I've mentored in the past, that are now, you know, actively, kind of flowing and worship. I'm still, I'm going to nurture this, and then I'm going to use this to get people onto the on ramp for the General, General mentorship.

[1232:28] Speaker 0: You're reaching out to people for what? Sorry,

[1233:21] Speaker 5: the people are mentored in worship, yeah, so for like reviews of like working with reviews in their life. So should they all be like video reviews? Does it matter if they're just written reviews? Should I have a mix of them, you

[1237:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, I like, I find that, like, written with a photo works really well. And just get them to, like, send you something. So I find a lot of people are gonna they're way more likely to read a review than watch a video, oh yeah, than anything else,

[1242:26] Speaker 5: a little picture. And then, like, if you want to have

[1243:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: like a video or two, like that, that would be okay. But, yeah, I find, I find the written is better. The other reason I like written is, like, I could take something that, like somebody says, even on like a call like this, and I could turn it into, like, a quick review, or something really easy, or they don't need to like, and also with video like people, they want to look good and all that. So I find, I find just getting them to like, say something, send something. Or what you could do is you could say, here, I wrote this up right here. Can you approve it? And you could ask them to even approve something that you wrote up yourself true. So that was actually, like, most of the testimonies on Rick Pino site, he wrote them and asked the person to approve them. Yeah,

[1256:45] Speaker 5: so that's good. I mean, yeah, that's totally fine. Like, Fine with me. That's great. My other My other question was, so the six week school that I'm doing now, I want to turn it into, like evergreen, because I just basically recorded all of the zooms, and I'm just kind of in the picture, and there's a slide deck. Do you think I really need to rerecord it? For the slides are separate and I'm separate. Or is me being in the slide deck and teaching it? Sorry, I'm not so, like, I recorded a zoom call of me doing like a, basically a PowerPoint presentation. Okay, my head is like, in the slide deck while I'm teaching, okay, is that, would that be good enough to sell in a course? Or do you think I would need to? Oh,

[1271:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, okay, I don't think you need to remake anything as far as just to get something out there that you would sell as a course to resell, to make the Evergreen.

[1274:57] Speaker 5: Because, like, Evergreen at, like, I don't know evergreen at, like, whatever, I don't know 197 bucks or 97 bucks. Mm, hmm, you know, I could do that, and that would be fine, as so long as I have all the transcripts and all of the, you know, the ebook that goes with it, and all. Kind of thing. And then you'll,

[1280:38] Speaker 0: you'll find that,

[1282:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: like for something like that, like for a course, that's evergreen, and it might not be this one sure is like, this might just be like, kind of something that you sell, and it's in the archive and things like that, and you offer it to people as they come into your mentoring and things like that. Yeah, um, at 197 that price point is a little bit higher for people to where it might not be as much volume. So what I find like for evergreen is the the two things that work really well is, like, you have a you have a free offer, but then, like, your paid one might be 17 or $27 Oh, okay, something that's a lot like, more affordable on that front, because then the purpose of that is, is, and it's not like a full course either. Like, like, what you have right now is more like a flagship program. I might even slap a price tag of like 500 on that, the one you have right now the sixth week, and make that like 500 and then have another one that's like an evergreen that's you sell for like 17 bucks. Yeah, entry level for people,

[1301:07] Speaker 5: I have an entry level one that I've had up for free. That's kind of like, I don't know if this is good or not. Like I had my for example, it was a flow formula ebook, and then as soon as they download the free ebook, hey, watch this while you wait. And it was literally the whole webinar that I did for that ebook. So that was kind of like,

[1307:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then what, what were you, what are you selling on the back end of that?

[1308:17] Speaker 5: Well, that's what I'm wanting to do, is maybe put this six week on the back end of it. Okay,

[1310:06] Speaker 0: yeah, that's great. So

[1310:24] Speaker 5: they're getting, like, the they're getting like, 45 minutes of like, a free teaching. And then it's like, want to learn how to release your your unique sound, or whatever. It doesn't sound better than that. Then they click that, and then it goes instantly to the sales page where I'm trying to implement for

[1314:41] Speaker 0: 197 you could do like a three pay on that, and they can get that, yeah,

[1315:44] Speaker 5: yeah. For like 197 Yep. So that would work, yeah,

[1316:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Having it on the back end of some kind of a campaign like that. Is, is, how is it would be the best way to sell? It amazing that,

[1318:53] Speaker 5: yeah, because then, because, then that's where all the reviews will kick in and everything. Well, you

[1320:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to have your reviews on the front end with your free thing too. Okay, so you want to, so you want to have testimony show up from like stage one.

[1322:53] Speaker 5: Okay, so split them. So that's, that's one

[1324:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing is, like, like, as soon as people start to get to know you, you have those different reviews. Awesome

[1325:42] Speaker 5: too. Yeah, legit, man, I'll be working on, I'll be working on that as well.

[1327:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, like, what you'll find is with pricing too, like on evergreen is, the lower the price, the more people, but the less qualified they are. Mm, hmm, the higher the price, the more the less people, but the more qualified they are. At 197 I mean, you, you can, you could close, like one in every three of those people into anything that's high ticket that you would offer them. So like, you should be able to ascend, if somebody's willing to invest 197 you should be able to find, like one in every three or four of them wants to ascend to a higher ticket offer that you have. So

[1338:17] Speaker 5: could I do that also, like, could I offer a explore, exploration call, or whatever, I don't know, like, a short like, if I put a time limit on it and do that, like, over a call, like, if I wanted to bring them into another higher ticket program,

[1343:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you could definitely do that. And what I would do is I would have them apply to join you and schedule the call as part of their application. Okay? And then they get to, kind of get, get an assessment, is this a good fit for them or not? And most of those people that schedule a call like that will, because here's a difference. You're not just scheduling the call off of, like, cold traffic over here, yeah, to where you got, like, a lot of volume of calls to go through. You're you're scheduling a call once they've already gone through, like, training with you, and then a high like a course, and then you ascend them into a high ticket call as, like, the next stage, and they're hyper qualified to be able to get to that level, so they're already ready for that offer.

[1356:41] Speaker 5: So these people that have gone through, or they're still going through, I have two weeks left of the six week school, yeah, and

[1358:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: at the end of that, the next two weeks, you can start to talk to them about scheduling a call with you for the next thing you have, yeah.

[1360:11] Speaker 5: Uh, so I'm thinking of developing this just a small thing. I'm thinking of developing like a build your dream team, worship team. Course, cool, yes, yeah, because it's super, super, uh, around connection and community and empowering them to create a healthy culture, and that kind of a thing. I just, I was listening to stories, stories that stick this morning on Audible. Just that's a very, very good book about storytelling, and it just started to kind of get the wheels turning in my brain about creating something that's that's going to, you know, get people really excited about connection and togetherness. So if I could build something like that, I have a number of ideas, but I only want to use what works, you know, um, because building a course for me, for me, it's not complicated to really build the course. It's more, what are they going to really like? And so the only, only feedback I'm getting so far is all songwriting, and that's basically all that they want to hear. So if it's that route, it's the spiritual songs made simple course where I teach the framework from the book of Psalms, and I can guarantee, if they've never written a song, that they will write a song by the end of my framework.

[1383:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, what I would do is, I would I would say it's not just the guarantee of writing a song, but you future pace, the outcome of writing the song. So like you're going to write a song that's going to impact people, that people are going to want to want to listen to that is going to really like, it's going to be worth your time to get out there. It's not just any song. It's not just it's just getting and then you literally see that vision, like just getting a song on Spotify, like there's a ton of people that have that with zero listens. I want to show you actually create one that that is going to go the distance. And so what you're doing is we're as you took the hook of songwriting, and you cast vision for the ultimate dream of songwriting. Yeah, the best 1% version of that now is all of them going to experience that. No, but you have a process that's going to walk them through that, and that's in sales. That's exactly what we end up doing, is we end up what, what moves the needle forward for people is not just like, hey, I'm going to show you how to write songs, yeah, but it's like, I'm going to show you to write songs better than anybody else, anything else you could find that's out there.

[1402:35] Speaker 5: And because what I can do for people is, is I can say, hey, not only can you write your first song, but then you can get into a group, like a mentoring group, Mm, hmm, and then I have my producer that can actually help them produce the song. And we can go to a higher tier level, or we can, you know, release some worship, fam, comp music, where I get on there and we write a song now, and,

[1409:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that sounds exciting. See, now you're now, you're selling it really well with that, because you got a vision now that you're getting in their mind, and that's the key, is you're getting them to experience the end outcome before they've actually purchased and so internally, like they can feel what it's like to be at the finish line before they're there. And there's like, Here, here's my credit card, here's my wire transfer info. And that's, that's, that's exactly what like, like, that moment right there. That's when we can bottle that up. That's the moment where they have the epiphany of, I need this.

[1419:05] Speaker 5: Yeah, they buy amazing, yep, awesome, man. And if,

[1420:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: and if we're going to break down any sales process, that's what it is, is exactly what I just told you right here, selling the dream. Yep, you well, you sell the dream. You build their certainty. You build their trust and certainty in the fact that the dream can happen for them, and it has happened for other people, and it's and it will happen if they do the work. Cool So and again, and now, like from an integrity standpoint, we want to make sure we can deliver on that for sure. But, and I say this, like, just from my own perspective, I know that what we got here in this program can absolutely deliver on, like, creating eight figure coaching businesses, but not everybody's going to do the work, not everybody's going to go the distance, not everybody's going to do that. But I'm still out there selling the dream of, like, I can take you to that, that level, if you want to walk with me through that, and if you want to go the journey, you know, legit, man, so, and that's it. That's exactly what we do when we're when we're selling. And that will take you from like, Oh no, there's only a few people buying, to like, people are begging to jump in with you. Yeah. Yeah,

[1440:00] Speaker 5: because I'm trying to line this up with a live event that I'm doing in early December where I'm going and people are going to experience a little bit, I'll do, like, a little bit of a live seminar, and then it'll be like, so if I capture some video of that, and then kind of wrap that into the dream, yeah, that'll work really well. Hey,

[1445:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I think that'll be good. Awesome. I just, I just picked up on Audible that book stories that stick. It's so good. I'm surprised I have not read it yet, because it's super in my wheelhouse of the type of books I like. So

[1448:54] Speaker 5: it's very, very good. I don't know if she used an AI voice. It gets much better in like, Chapter like three. I think it was like, Oh crap. It sounds like two, AI, and now I better use my own voice, I don't know. But either way, it's a good it's good,

[1452:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it says it was released in 2019

[1454:17] Speaker 5: Yeah. So,

[1454:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, cool. Well, awesome. Yeah, that looks like a good book. It's got a lot of good reviews on Amazon. I always love finding, like, really good fiction and non fiction books. So, yeah, I read both equally

[1459:09] Speaker 5: awesome. Man. Appreciate it. I'll give you some updates when I implement some stuff next week.

[1460:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Sounds good, see ya alrighty. Alright. Anyone else got any other questions before we wrap up and head out here?

[1464:44] Speaker 0: Let me know i

[1467:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: alrighty, everybody. Well, this has been great. I've had a great time. Next week we have our live Q and A and then we have our live copywriting call as well as always, in the Facebook group is where you can share your your sales copy, your offers landing pages. You can ask questions. You can post in there. I'll be interacting in there throughout the week. Um, I'll see you in there, and I'll see you y'all next week on the live coaching call. If you're brand new in our program, make sure to jump into the members area. Check out the Fast Start Training under the Start Here section, and that's going to get you going right away in the right direction, all right Talk soon we'll have a good one.

