CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2024-10-21T22:00:55.000Z
Duration: 106 min
Otter ID: 4j-rcEdhc5C_FwPctoZvhNjPAIg
---

[0:48] Speaker 0: All righty, hello. How are y'all doing today? Let me grab the live meeting you.

[12:02] Speaker 0: Alrighty, no,

[13:56] Speaker 0: Hello,

[14:37] Michelle Plucinsky: Happy Father's Day.

[15:35] Speaker 0: Thanks. How you doing?

[15:55] Michelle Plucinsky: I'm doing great,

[16:33] Speaker 0: awesome. Yeah,

[17:19] Michelle Plucinsky: I'm going to turn my camera off, though, because I'm going to be eating lunch, I

[18:19] Speaker 0: think you're going to like what I'm talking about today, which is awesome.

[19:33] Michelle Plucinsky: Can't wait to hear it. I always like it. There's always gems of knowledge in there. So thank

[20:29] Speaker 2: you. Yeah, and I think today is going to unpack something that has been holding everybody back just a little bit. So I always try to do is I try to move the needle forward for everybody, so a little bit each time. Honestly, I want to move it forward like a lot each time, but it's like, like I said, just a little bit each time. That's not even like, accurate, like, I want to move it a lot each time, but sometimes too, like, I can get way too caught up in, like, all the stuff. Let's focus on, like, What's one thing that's gonna move the needle forward? So, oh, man, guess what? We're actually getting full night of sleep, which is good. Like, we, like, we have not actually, like, lost sleep. Overall, I'm sleeping as much as we were before the baby came. So that's cool. Um, which is awesome. I'm working a lot less right now this last week, just like, bare minimum on a lot of stuff. Like, I was going to, like, launch some ads for my campaign last week. Like, you know what? Not going to do it this week. I'm going to get it done next week. And just being able to push stuff out is, is great. So, yeah, no, he's, he's sleeping well, he gets up every three hours. We feed him, and he, like, goes right back to sleep. So that's awesome. I know it's not going to be that way, you know, for the whole first year, but it's, it's good, and we have a great rhythm. Our almost two year old stays asleep the whole night,

[43:42] Speaker 0: so he's good.

[44:27] Speaker 2: Yeah, it's awesome. I think the biggest thing is, like, the stress and the structure of balancing everything we're learning, but we're we're doing really good at that. I feel like it's a lot, it's actually a lot easier than I thought it was. And I feel like I built it up in my head to be harder than I thought it was. Like having the second one. I know it can. It's going to get even crazier, of course, but it's like maybe just declaring, believing that it's going to be fun and exciting and not as you know, difficult exactly, we'll be balancing our whole life. Um, I feel like because of what we learned having our first son, it's carried over to this. And it's like, oh, wait, wait a sec, I know what to do here. And so that's kind of cool. Um, I I've had some parents tell me they have, like, three and four kids. They're like, weirdly enough, once you have two, you figure that out. Having more gets easier, so it's like, and then they get older and stuff like that, and you just kind of like, you just get into a flow and a rhythm. So alright, let's dive into today's training. What I want to talk about is content creation. And forgive me, y'all my I have a slight stuffy nose. It's been like ongoing for almost a week now. It's annoying. I hate it, but I feel like energetically fine, so that's good, but just bear with me on that. Oh, I do want to go live in the Facebook group as well for everybody who's

[71:09] Speaker 0: there. So let me jump. You'll swim in there.

[73:40] Speaker 0: I'll say I feel a lot more efficient right now, then before, so that's good. Live in the Facebook group, all right. I.

[80:36] Speaker 2: Uh, there. Okay, so content creation, that's we're gonna be talking about. Thanks everybody for the congratulations. I see some of the questions that are posted in the group as well. We'll be taking some Q A at the end of this training session here. Um, you can post some some questions on the side here. But what I want to what I want to talk about today is particularly how we make in our businesses, making content is it's not it's not optional. As a coach, like it's it's a content creation business. You're creating content for your lead magnets. You're, you're, when you write an email that's a form of content, um, when you make social media content, your Facebook ads, that's a piece of content. And I like to separate each one out separately by its different platform that it goes on. So like, I guess the sales copy on your landing page isn't the piece of content, but it can kind of be, but the piece of content is what that sales copy is encouraging people to sign up for, whether it be an ebook, whether it be a checklist, whether it be a webinar, whether it be a evergreen training, whether it be a masterclass, a coaching program, your coaching programs, your courses, are content. So all this to say we're in the content creation business. The word content creation has gotten a weird rap, because it's like, when I think of like, people say content creators, I want to show you like what comes to mind for me is not what most people probably think of but it's like the the crazy like tiktokers that are just like making random content for engagement. It's not necessarily geared towards selling something, and so we're not trying to do that. We're not trying to just get a bunch of engagement, a bunch of likes, a bunch of followers, then get brand deals and sponsorships and things like that. By the way, you know when we when we scaled my mom's business to where she had over a million followers and things like that, you'd be surprised. A lot of brands don't really want to partner with like coaches and mentors and things like that. Maybe you can get some affiliate offers and things like that, but like that's not really the world that we're in. And so a lot of a lot of training that's out there around audience building, around content creation, is more geared towards the content creator that that is trying to just build a name for themselves and become famous. And here's what ends up happening is, is they'll get a million followers, and now they have no monetization. They're not making any money. Most of these people that are like famous on all these social media platforms don't make very much or any money at all. And so then what they how do they make them the money they got? Usually one or two options. They either promote somebody else's product, and they become an ambassador, and they start doing this, they start doing these brand deals, or they create their own product, horses, training, coaching. And so this is why a lot of people have the idea exactly. It's, it's, it's crazy is they don't make a lot of money until they have some kind of a monetization engine. And so this is why a lot of people think, okay, I need to build a big audience first, and then I can successfully grow my business, here's the truth on that you can build a big audience first, and that's also not going to turn into sales, because it's not necessarily always going to be people that are going to buy the thing that you're offering. And you're finding, I'm finding so much is not what it's exactly. It's not what it seems on the surface. And that's why I crack up. They used to bother me. Now I laugh, chuckle inside, kind of like, you know, like a father or an uncle would at some of the people's like, they're how they think this business works, this kind of business works, and then they get into it, they're like, oh, wait, this is completely different than how I thought things went. And when I was doing a lot of live events and doing live Q A, I was doing live Q A, like, every, every other week with people and and I'll tell. Tell you definitely not going to go back to doing it that often, but it was such a great experience for about two years to do that because of how much I learned about my market. This is why, again, live events are not dead. If you're like, I don't know what to sell, I don't know what people want. I don't know how to communicate with them. Do live events and then spend time in Q A with the people that attended your live events, and you will figure it out, because they will tell you what they want, they will talk to you, they will communicate with you on that. But what I found was is like I was starting to even get burnt out doing that. That's why I've shifted over to a lot of evergreen marketing. My evergreen campaigns are converting better than my live events, which is an interesting crossover that I'm noticing is, is that, because previously, when I tried to do evergreen marketing, it wasn't converting that well, and the live events were converting much better. And so the Evergreen is, is, is doing my really good, because the messaging is dialed in. We know who we're reaching. We're laser focused in on who the right person is. And I know how to pitch, and I know how to sell confidently. Step aside from that though creating content. When I would get into live Q and A's with people. I would talk to them on live Q A I would have people, they would come to me with like opinions of like, well, what they would do, what they wouldn't do, and all this stuff and and by the way, this is going to go into what I'm going to be teaching you here today as well, because there are certain things that I believe you have to learn how to do that. Quite frankly, people that are outside of the industry aren't ready for. They're not it rubs them the wrong way, a little bit, particularly about using artificial intelligence and how we use AI and in all notice, like a lot of beginner coaches, they have this idea around AI like I don't want it to to take my voice away. I don't want it to replace me. I don't want to use AI as a crutch for not being smart enough myself to come up with ideas. That's probably one of the root things that people are feeling, is they're afraid that if they use AI, it means they're not actually smart or good enough to be able to build their business, and then all of the people that are thriving in business, in this business, are using AI in all of their front facing marketing and even to help come up with ideas for what they're teaching in their in their programs, even for like today's talk. I just want to, I just want to show you what's in front of me right now on my computer screen. And you're going to be like, Whoa, and it's going to make sense here, real quick. Look at this.

[205:27] Speaker 0: These are notes on my screen

[207:04] Speaker 2: that our AI generated based on the last four weeks of trainings that we've done here in the program. And so what I did was I had a series of prompts that I went through, and I generated a few rough bullet points, a few notes that I want to talk about today based on the questions that have come in over the last couple of weeks. What are the main things that I want to really focus on? And even if, like, you read through some of this, you'll get a little bit of what I want to talk about. Now, here's what I do. Is I I'm not reading word for word through all of that, I'm barely even looking at it, but I have it in front of me because I can glance over at it, and it'll remind me of certain things that I want to talk about. Like one of the things that I want to talk about today is repurposing your content. You can literally talk about the same thing that you talked about three months ago, six months ago, 12 months ago. You can even repost stuff that you shared previously and repurpose it if you do it the right way to be able to save yourself from burnout, and that's really one of the biggest things is that we want to deal with is we don't want to run into content creation burnout. We want to learn how to work smarter, not harder, when it comes to creating our content. And AI allows us to do that. Okay? And so the way that we want to be able to do that is if we can

[231:06] Speaker 0: figure out

[231:44] Speaker 2: how is the best ways to use the AI across various platforms that are out there, and it has nothing to do with Like, okay, am I a bad coach? Because I'm using AI

[236:14] Speaker 0: to help me,

[236:53] Speaker 2: and by the way, there are some people that think so. I had a conversation with a guy, multimillionaire coach, and he firmly says like that he would rather. Shoot himself than have to use a robot to talk to people online, is what he's told me. And I'm like, okay, like, I understand your ego, your belief or your identity is tied in that. But can I tell you this is that for like, most people like you can use the AI to help you to figure out, what are ideas? How can I communicate better with people? We're not talking about the AI replacing our voice. We're not talking about the AI doing the work for us. And by the way, I don't think that that's actually going to happen when I look at the way AI is being used, AI is always a little bit behind where human beings are, and what we need is we need real people that have empathy and understanding and can read between the lines and understand what we need, and that's where Our coaching comes from. But when it comes to attracting those people to us, getting them into our ecosystem, getting them to become a client, getting them to respond to our ads, getting them to respond to our our videos, I'll tell you this that we used to I remember when I was working with a client, we used to pay a guy full time

[262:40] Speaker 0: salary,

[263:14] Speaker 2: like $60,000 a year just to add captions to videos.

[265:27] Speaker 0: Five years ago

[266:11] Speaker 2: now, for $10 a month, you can have an app called captions.ai, that does it for you. And unfortunately, like there was literally an existential crisis around, oh my gosh, like, this guy's going to lose his job because we're using an app that does what his whole full time. Like, everything that he built his entire life and personality around is now being done by AI, but at the end of the day, for the economics and the ability to reach people with our message, it's better to use a tool or an app to do this, and then somebody like this, person who that was their full time job, that's all they did. That was the only skill they had. They need to grow in some new skill. Maybe they need to learn how to use the AI and I'll tell you end of the story. That guy actually did, he started using the AI tools. Opened up an agency where he just, like, Did this video for like, hundreds of different people, as far as that goes. And so, like, you know, he was able to pivot in that direction, but there were tears in that. And so again, it's like with every piece of technology. It changes how we interact, it changes how we talk, how we communicate, how we connect, but it makes it better overall. And so there's so many advantages as business owners, exactly Michelle to being able to do that. And one of the things is, is, I think even a year ago, I think people were, like, really hesitant as business owners to talk about using AI. They were unsure of it, and it wasn't even as good as it is now. And now there's so many different tools out there that we can use that when it comes to our content creation, I'm all about getting the most amount of of work done with the least amount of input. There's a there's a there's a word that I don't like to use it, and it's probably because comes from my Christian background. I don't want to call myself lazy, but I'll tell you this is that there's a quote from Bill Gates, is that if you want to know how to get something done the right way, ask a lazy person how to do it, because they will figure out how to get it done faster, more efficiently, and probably better than the person who is not lazy. And what that means is, is like, if you can put a constraint on yourself that I'm not going to take a bunch of time to do this, let's flip this. Yeah, efficient, not lazy, exactly, being more efficient. But what he said was, like, if you want to actually figure out how to do something efficiently, find somebody that doesn't like want to take a lot of time to do it, like they don't want to put those passion hours into accomplishing it. And I'll tell you when it comes to marketing and building my business, because I've been in this industry for so long. I Some of y'all have heard like my story. I got my first job was editing videos and creating landing pages and doing this. This is almost 22 years ago, for for a seminar company, um, that, like, they're, they're still in business to this day. Um, their name was Danny johnson.com right here, and this was, this was one of the first companies that was out there. And I actually helped them, like, do a lot of different like. Client interviews and things like that and all and all kinds of stuff like that. But it's so interesting is that this is her right here that was 22 years ago, 2120 almost 22 years ago. And so like, I've I've done the like working 100 hours. I've done the like pouring into everything. And when it comes to marketing, the inputs, there's massive diminishing returns to how many hours you actually put into your marketing,

[328:32] Speaker 0: how many hours you actually put into those inputs.

[329:50] Speaker 2: And this is where I see as a big bottleneck, I think, with a lot of business owners, is that they is that they ballooned out. When I say balloon, it's like they've ever blown up a balloon, and it just gets bigger and bigger and bigger before it pops. A lot of business owners, they will try to, like, add all these things onto their marketing that take up time, and they take a lot of time to do because they think that the sweat equity of putting in that extra time is what's going to turn into more clients. And that's simply not the case. It's about being efficient. And what I believe is I take more of a volume approach, where it's like, how can I get, how can I reach as many people with as little effort as possible, where my bottleneck isn't how many people I can actually talk to. And so that's what AI allows us and helps us do. Because what I can look at is I can take a look at videos that are on YouTube from competitors. I can pull them into AI. I can have it break down 10 points for me that I might want to create content about this week, if I'm not feeling it creating content that's literally something that I could do now that's in the beginning. I would do that now, because I have so much of my own content, I just take my own videos into AI. I don't use a lot of competitors videos. I take my own content. I take our coaching sessions that we have in here, and I have the AI process for me, ideas for what to create, for content, to get my brain moving, to get it thinking about stuff. And so that's what I want to like show you guys, is like, that's, that's not difficult. It's not hard. And this is what we need to be doing more more so, more often than not, I've talked a lot about breaking past the perfectionism, the imposter syndrome, the feeling like it's gotta be perfect. You gotta have the mindset of like good enough is good enough. Realize that perfection really is the enemy of our progress, that it does not need to be perfect for it to have the kind of results or impact that you're looking for, and that rather, it's about consistency. It's about showing up. And that starts a in your core of believing, like, okay, whatever I put out there is going to be good enough for today,

[374:01] Speaker 2: and there's something really crazy that happens. Two things, okay, we got two different types of people.

[376:11] Speaker 0: Number one, this is the person who is struggling

[379:21] Speaker 2: and they have, might have been struggling for the last 17 years. And I'll tell you, I've met people. Maybe you might be a people like this, who's been struggling in your business for the last 17 years. And then you have the the type of person who, 30 to 60 days, they start getting breakthrough, okay, what separates these two people? Right here,

[388:01] Speaker 0: two things really, number one

[389:20] Speaker 2: person, number one is stuck in inaction,

[390:34] Speaker 0: but they're doing a lot of thinking, a lot of ruminating,

[392:38] Speaker 2: a lot of learning. By the way, learning isn't a bad thing, but if you're constantly learning and you're not taking action, that's going to keep you stuck struggling, and people will literally get into a cycle where they do that for years and years and years. And I'll tell you, I myself was somebody that did this, that has done this. I am probably more guilty than anyone else in here. I. Of this because I told you my story of getting started in the in this industry, 21 almost 22 years ago. But I didn't actually make money with my own courses, with my own coaching, right? I had built other people's businesses. I had built businesses alongside other people that had made eight figures. And, by the way, that's like, that's not anything to like, say, isn't worth it. Like, that's incredible. I had all this skill inside of me. If there was a one human being that literally had all the knowledge of what it takes to make seven figures, to make six figures, that was me. I knew all the stuff. I had, all the strategies I had, the mind, the mind that could literally look at the marketplace and know exactly what moves to make for my clients, but my own online course business, some of y'all I've talked about my story three, four years ago, I wasn't making more than 1000 to $2,000 a month selling my own courses, and it was because I was stuck in inaction. I was constantly thinking about what I want to do, way too much knowledge.

[422:00] Speaker 0: And then the other type of person,

[422:52] Speaker 2: they, they they shorten the amount of time from they have an idea and they act and you want to know what it's not here they, they spend very little to almost no time thinking about what they are going to do. And that's a powerful thing, because that's one of the things that literally separates the most successful business owners from those that aren't aren't successful. This is also one of the number one things that will prevent burnout when you're creating content, when you're marketing your business, when you're using artificial intelligence, is when you have an idea. What I do is, I'll do this. I will write it down. This happened last night. I had an idea for a social media post. I wrote it down on my phone. Have I made the post yet? No, I was about to right before this, this call, but later today, I'm going to take a little bit of time record it done, easy finished. Didn't have to invest hours and hours into making sure it was all perfect or things like that. Just very quick, fast, getting it done, getting it up out of the way. When I have to record trainings for this program. Last night, I had a 30 minute window. I recorded a training for this program. I spent 15 minutes reviewing my notes from last week, figured out what I want that training to be about, created it for today's training. I was able to take AI, take the notes for the last four weeks, review those, and that's what I use otter AI for to help me transcribe those. I can bring the transcripts from otter into something like chat GPT, or I'll use abacus or po to be able to do this. I still find that chat GPT, though, is still one of the best ones for for coming up with ideas for content, and so shortening the amount of time that we go from idea to action, and we put ourselves out There, we don't attach our identity to how perfect everything needs to be. We let go of that. We're not afraid of not being good enough or not looking good enough. We're not sounding good enough, we're not saying the right thing, like, like, there's, there's a pressure. And I've been around some people, they have this pressure. And listen, some people have a grace for it. 99% of people just don't. And I'll tell you, is that, unfortunately, 99% of people are trying to keep up with like, the 1% that maybe they do have a grace for this. And I'll tell you, I've had conversations with people that do have a grace for this, for the perfectionism around content creation. They don't see it that way. They see it as a system that they can work, that's very easy, that's very simple, that they can process through. And that's what you want to do, is when it comes to your content creation, to break past the burnout, stop comparing your content creation to other people's feeling like you have to measure up to some level of how other people create their content for it to be good enough for you to be able to put it out there. Because what you want to do is you want to show up consistently and be top of mind. The first thing that people think about when they go to look into when they're thinking about the thing that you're doing. Yeah. And so what you do is you become that trusted resource, that person that people are looking towards, to help them with that, because you are consistent, because you're not focused on, okay, what is the one piece of content that's going to make me a million dollars? Rather, it's about consistent body of work where you're being prolific, putting stuff out there. You see me all the time. I'm going to use myself as an example for this. I post videos at least every every 30 to 60 days, on putting a YouTube video out there, on finding your niche, on your running your ads, on creating your business. Haven't I talked about that like 30 days ago? Yes, but I stay consistent to then say the same thing, just a little bit differently, because the same person who might have watched 10 minutes of it before they're going to wash through maybe the rest of it this time. But we're not in we don't want to invest all of this hours and hours and hours into creating this, what we want to do is want to become efficient, to be able to create quality, not just quantity, but quality. Because here's the problem is that efficiency without quality of content. I'm not talking about the quality of your camera. I'm not talking about the quality of your microphone. Um, you know, I mean, we can, literally, we can make ourselves go crazy. I know I can about how we're we start nitpicking all the things that need to be perfect, that are not good enough to be able to put something out there. Sometimes we gotta be careful nitpicking what other people are doing, too. If we notice that we're doing that, if we're being hyper critical of ourselves or others in their business, it can come right back to us, and then we're holding ourselves accountable to a lens that is impossible

[512:14] Speaker 0: when instead

[512:50] Speaker 2: letting go of that perfectionism, finding a grace for it, finding an ease for it, and then using AI to help us do that. So what I want to do is I want to show you how I use AI to be able to do that is with otter AI. Otter AI is a tool that I've been using for a long time,

[517:58] Speaker 0: and it allows you to pull this up here.

[520:45] Speaker 2: It allows you to transcribe anything that you have, any sort of video content. Now, by the way, side note, YouTube does do this for free. It's just a little bit more difficult, so YouTube transcribes every video that you upload. Now, it might not be accurate, but it does do it.

[526:33] Michelle Plucinsky: Hey, after you do that, that's a question I have. Okay, okay, thank

[527:54] Speaker 0: you. Yeah, we're gonna go, we're gonna go through that right here. All right, the share this right here. You know, we're gonna bring this over to this screen. We're going to do screen number one. Okay. Do you see the otter AI window?

[536:48] Speaker 0: And you see YouTube right here? Okay,

[538:07] Speaker 2: so inside of YouTube, every video that's on YouTube. Like, like, again, Alex, Alex hermos, like, like, okay, you don't your content doesn't need to be like this. I feel like, some people feel like, unless my content is like that, like, it's not good enough. No, it can literally like, for your tribe, for your audience. Can be you just sitting in front of your camera and talking, and talking and communicating with people, and by the way, Alex, now what he's been doing is he's just been doing where he's sitting in front of a whiteboard doing that, I will say, I will say, having a whiteboard does help with creating content. It helps you break down your thoughts and things like that. But every piece of video on YouTube. Okay, so like, let me just break this down. When you upload a video to YouTube, new sales rep that came in, you can either find the video of somebody else, and I can go here, under more, under the description, scroll down, and then it says transcript, and then I can click on Show transcript.

[555:09] Speaker 0: And here it is, right here.

[555:55] Speaker 2: I turn off toggle timestamps, and then I can copy and paste right here, the entire transcript of any video right there. Okay, let me see get. Transcript from YouTube video. There's a there's a like, there's random sites out there too. You can grab that. Grab transcripts from YouTube videos, YouTube to transcript.com

[563:42] Speaker 0: you just paste a YouTube link into this right here, and what it'll do is it will

[565:44] Speaker 2: grab your transcript. They have ads and stuff on here. Here's the transcript. Copy transcript. That's also kind of quick. I'll do that if I'm like, on my phone, but here's the whole transcript right there. Okay, I find it a little bit easier to use just by doing it on YouTube, but you can also just Google it to find that. So that's how you can grab the transcript of any video. If you upload a video to YouTube, it'll do the same thing for any video that you upload to YouTube. Michelle, are your videos? Doing that for all your videos?

[574:34] Michelle Plucinsky: That's my next step. I you know, we do two hour live. I want to, like, shrink it down, pull out the key moments, then make a short and repost. So I'm thrilled to figure this out.

[577:03] Speaker 2: Well, that's the one. There's a tool for that too that you can use. You can check out Opus Pro to help take like, your two hour lives in a short clips right here that can help use AI to even find those clips for you.

[580:54] Michelle Plucinsky: So they would find like the best clips. Yeah,

[581:34] Speaker 0: the AI will find different clips that are inside of, inside of your, your thing, and do that. Yep, very cool, yay. That's my

[583:53] Michelle Plucinsky: question today. So, yeah,

[584:10] Speaker 2: so it's a great, it's a great app that you can use for that to be able to do that. And they now have this one right here called clip anything, this new version, where you literally will give it a video and tell it what type of video you want it to create, and it'll start to, like, pull the clips from it, because it'll intelligently look through the video and content. We'll do that, and this technology is going to get a lot better, but right now, like it's it's great to be able to to do that, to help you create shorts and content and things like that. But what I want to show you is really a much like, simpler way to do it, where, maybe, instead of, instead of using the AI to actually, like create the clips and things like that, here's how I like to use it. Okay, because I'm going to go show you this with my own workflow. Right. Here is inside of Otter AI,

[599:37] Speaker 0: if I pull up

[600:31] Speaker 2: a, let me see a transcript from, I'm going to do the Q and A

[602:03] Speaker 0: from, I'm

[603:38] Speaker 0: three weeks ago, okay, two weeks ago? Is it two weeks ago or no, it was

[606:34] Speaker 2: okay. So otter AI, I have it connected, where it grabs every zoom that I have every broadcast that I'm doing, and it transcribes it for me inside of Otter AI,

[611:49] Speaker 0: when the app is actually working, why is it not working? You know, it's funny. Whenever I like, want to show people stuff. It doesn't always work. Okay, great. Here we go.

[616:45] Speaker 2: So otter, aI have it connected to my Zoom account, and it pulls all the videos into it from zoom that I'm doing. And you can just upload video, you can upload audio. And then here's how I do it. I just literally click Export clipboard, combine paragraphs of the same speaker, remove branding. You can either do a combine all paragraphs, but since we have like different people asking questions, I'll do show speaker name, and I'll actually export that so it kind of knows who the different people are that we're speaking then what I'll do is I'll go into AI

[627:01] Speaker 0: and I'll say, Oh, this is interesting. This is no cool. You can just use it awesome. This is the this is like the free chat G right here. Let's try this out. Okay, take the following transcript and generate me 20 possible ideas for Instagram posts based on the content of this transcript, make sure they are engaging and give me one big hook for each idea. Make each one unique. That last part, make each one unique. I use that because otherwise. Are all going to be, like, very similar to each other. And then what I'll do is I'll paste the transcript below that. I'll just paste it in, okay, yeah, so the free version of chat GPT, it's looking like it's going to want me to actually use the paid one to be able to

[644:01] Michelle Plucinsky: and so you have to tell it to what you just did. Transcript,

[644:49] Speaker 0: yeah, you have to. So you have to, like, tell the AI in chat GPT what it's going to do with the transcript. Got it now otter AI does also have some of this built into it, and I'll show you how to use that as well, which is kind of cool. That's why otter is is really even as an all in one tool can do a lot of this for you, but see,

[651:34] Speaker 2: gonna paste that into here, and there we go based on the transcript. Here's some ideas. Ever wonder why your offer isn't getting the traction it deserves share how great offers is the first step of promoting an optimization, or what the magic happens struggling to get your webinar or challenge to convert tips on tweaking the copy is your offer overlay. By the way. I haven't even, like really done a lot of this for my content, but I need to myself, because obviously, these are great ideas. Have you? Have you tried to make webinars work, but they're they're not getting the results that you want. Here's how to avoid it. The Art of consistency in this business is more than just showing up diamond, the importance of showing up not just in quantity, but quality and messaging. What successful people do differently before 8am okay? So that can give us different ideas based on a transcript, right there. Here's another way that I'll use the transcript, something like this, okay? And

[666:14] Speaker 0: here's how I like to do it for like, different talks and piece of content that I'm doing, generate me a list of 10 topics based on on the transcript below, and give me five detailed ideas For YouTube videos that I can talk about. Okay,

[673:58] Speaker 0: discuss the importance of offer creation and promotion success, optimizing offers for organic and paid versus paid advertising.

[676:25] Speaker 2: How to create evergreen offers that sell leveraging social media and YouTube organic traffic. Okay, here's some YouTube video ideas, key differences between webinars and challenges, Evergreen marketing secrets, how to keep your offers fresh and profitable. How to create a winning social media strategy without burning out. That's actually probably a really good one right there. So then what I might do is this, make me an outline for the most engaging version of this to start with, for you too. Okay, so here's an outline of what to talk about. You're struggling to keep up with your social media, running your coaching business. I want to show you how to create a winning strategy. Introduce myself. Talk about streamlining it. AI tools, the importance of social media and business the burnout problem, come up with some clear goals. What are your top priorities? Okay, so the idea is, is that I'm able to take a transcript with sessions that I've done with clients and be able to come up with now, ideas for what to talk about, how to structure a piece of content that way. Now I don't have to take all this time with writer's block feeling like I don't have any ideas, or the baby kept me up all night, but I know that I have to do a webinar, or I know that I need to make a YouTube video, or I know that I need some piece of content to promote, promote my business. All right, check this out. Watch.

[700:37] Speaker 0: I need to create something to promote the following offer. Can you create me a list of ideas for YouTube videos based on the above, but do so in A way that will segue into this offering. Okay, so to

[710:37] Speaker 2: start your own six figure online coaching business. Okay, great. So I'm just going to copy this. This copy right here. Here's my offer. Now let's see what are some ideas for YouTube videos that will help segue into that offer. Here's a list of YouTube videos that will lead your audience how to choose a profitable course topic, even if you don't know where to start. Three myths about starting an online coaching business and what actually works, how to stand out in a crowded market and get clients to choose you pricing your online course for maximum profit and client trust.

[719:05] Speaker 0: Let's try that one. Okay, so. Uh, make me an outline for this piece of content

[721:43] Speaker 0: and include a segue into, is it segue or segue? I don't know. I don't know how to spell it right. I thought segue spelled that way was the like the motorbike, right? Uh,

[725:15] Speaker 2: into the author based on this idea. So what it does is it took my idea. Now I'm going to have it create an outline for me based on this, okay, hook, struggling to figure out how to price your online course. I've helped entrepreneurs do this. Why pricing matters, profit and trust. Okay, so it's generating this. Now, here's where it can get really fun. So they have this oh one preview. We've been talking about oh one preview. If you have abacus, you can switch between different algorithms. I'm using chat GPT right here. I can switch to oh one preview for my next prompt that I'm going to do. So it gave me an idea right there. But what I'm going to do is I'm gonna go to o1 preview, and I'm now going to ask it, because o1 preview can read everything that's already been generated right here. And I'm gonna say, analyze the above idea for idea for a YouTube video

[740:47] Speaker 0: about that topic. I'm I act as an expert in creating highly engaging YouTube videos. Script out the most engaging first six minutes

[746:04] Speaker 2: and improve the outline to make this the best version possible. So now oh one preview is going to be a like a better algorithm that's going to take what this generated with GPT four, oh, and it's going to improve upon it to create something that's really engaging

[751:56] Speaker 0: overall. And it's kind of like a finishing touch.

[754:26] Speaker 0: It's processing all these different like elements.

[757:00] Speaker 0: All right, let's see analysis. Whoops. Alright, we're scrolling way too quick,

[759:12] Speaker 2: analysis of video idea sort of the compelling hook use storytelling. Pricing your online course maximum profit and client trust. Did you know that mispricing your course can be costing you 1000s of dollars and countless clients, you know, and that's great share a relevant story. So now this is going to be much more engaging for a video where it's giving me, like, a script and an idea of what the first opening part of this is like. I would share a story about how, like when I first launched a course, my first courses, I sold it for $47 I thought, because it was the cheapest course out there, make me a ton of money, turned out didn't, and I sold, like, hundreds of it, but I barely made any money because I gave so much away for 47 bucks. Okay, here's the promise. So what this is doing is is like this is helping us come up with ideas for what to say in the first even six minutes of our content right there. Okay, can you now act as an expert in Instagram reels and make me 10 reels ideas based on the above as well? And again, you're not going to use all 10 of these, but you can come up with this. And where do we start? We started with just a transcript from sessions that I had with clients. We started with a transcript of a Q, a session that I had with clients, and then the AI, by asking it questions about that session to generate me different ideas, he was able to come up with a lot of this, three signs that you might be under pricing your online course, again, great piece of content, right there. Secret formula for pricing, of course, right don't make this pricing mistake. How pricing affects client trust. Listen, if you want to go from zero to 10k a month, pricing is one of the most important things that you can do, and it's where I can include the call to action to comment the word start or things like that on my Instagram room, okay,

[791:22] Speaker 0: write an email to encourage people to check out the video content that is generated. Create a persuasive email that will get opened, read and clicked. So

[796:46] Speaker 2: you want to come up with email ideas using the AI to help you. And I don't necessarily use a lot of like aI generated emails. I'm not a big fan of that. I will have. It generate me an email, and most of the time I'll rewrite whatever it made you pour your art and sold to creating an online course. Only that has it only hesitate when it comes to setting the price. You're not alone. Pricing one of the biggest challenges up to so I might, I might word it like you're trying to launch a course, but you don't really know what to price it at. If you get the pricing wrong, it can cost you a lot. You don't want that to happen, and so what I what I've done is actually created a free training for you. I'll walk you through this whole process of pricing. It can be a huge challenge. Set it too high, you might scare people away. Say it too low, you're undervaluing it. So this video, I'm going to break down and then I'll break down those bullet points. Then what I might do is, if I actually recorded the video itself. I might take the transcript from that actual video that I recorded and pull it back into here to have it create more accurate bullet points, too. So whether you're writing emails, whether you are creating Instagram reels, heck,

[815:11] Speaker 0: you can even do this act as an expert in text based carousel social media content. I want to include a photo of myself and create a series of texts about pricing to teach people one key strategy generate me some carousel ideas. Okay, so, again,

[824:23] Speaker 2: what's so funny is, I'm actually showing you guys, like, a lot of ideas that, like, I've been processing of what to do in the last like, three weeks for my own business that, like, I've not even done this carousel idea. But I'm like, wait, I need to do this today because I got some great new photos of myself. I have a photo of me, and then throw some text on there with a carousel like this. So the carousel slide number one could be like, Are you struggling to price your online course, let's fix it. Number one, know your value, outline the transformation, research your market. I don't agree with that, so maybe I might not use that one. I'm not I'm not a big fan of researching your market, because I really think that, again, you should be charging more than just whatever the market is charging. What are your goals for? How much money you want to make? Who is the type of person that you want to reach? Don't undervalue yourself. Ready to dive deeper? Comment The word start and I'll send you my free court class all about how to start your own online course or coaching business. That might not be a carousel that I want to create. Let's let's see what some of these other ones are you making this pricing mistakes to get to low money. Track. Low prices make clients doubt your value price your course reflects the transformation you offer. This one's good, right here,

[844:17] Speaker 0: something like that. So if I take this now, I might say, so that's the one

[848:04] Speaker 2: thing I like to do, is I like to do, is I like to tell it, like, act as an expert in this, and then improve whatever the thing is that it already generated, and it will literally go ahead and improve whatever it made. Because it's like, you're looping it back to, like, redo its own work. And whatever it outputs you do the second time is usually better than the first time. So here's another carousel idea, like, that's like, based on that, okay, biggest pricing mistakes to avoid. This could be costing you 1000 setting your course price too low. Cost mistake setting your course price way too low to attract more buyers. That's That's great. Why is this hurting? Low prices can make clients question your value. Hidden consequence, it attracts bargain hunters instead of committed high value clients. Price it to reflect the transformation that you deliver. Maybe I might skip this slide right here, and here's the thing, like, you've gotta, you've gotta when you're using AI like this. This is a great example of this. This slide doesn't contribute anything to that, so I wouldn't include that on I would

[866:48] Speaker 2: probably just skip that one and go straight to whatever the either the call to action is or something that I want them to take action on. But like you, this is where you gotta No. None of this stuff is in the chat GPT prompt document because I'm literally coming up with it on the fly while I'm talking to you. Right now, most of the stuff, but you can go ahead back through this training and be able to do some of this. I will try to maybe take a few of these and add them to it a little bit later on. We'll see. But I, what I want you to learn how to do is learn how to ask the AI what you want it to do. Learn how to ask it what you want it to accomplish. Because it can really it can take anything that you're you. That you're using. It can take any transcript that you have, it can take any piece of content that you have, and it can adjust it. It can tweak it, and you can use it to create more content, better content, that way. Now you don't feel like, oh, I have no ideas. I don't know how to show up online with people. I don't have anything to post this week. Oftentimes, whenever we say, I have nothing to post this week, it's because we're afraid of it not being good enough. Because we're like, oh, I it's not ready yet to put out there or something like that. When you just take a few minutes with AI and do it and play around with it, and start to maybe, just like, have fun, to brainstorm with it, to come up with some of those, those different ideas. And what I like to look at it is, this is the AI again, it's not an expert. You're the expert. You're the expert in your content. You're the expert in your audience. What it is, it's like, it's like, it's a it's an assistant. It's a little robot assistant that helps your brain come up with ideas faster, more efficiently. And then what you do is you attach your genius onto these ideas, and you can adjust. What do they say? Like, I said, like, for today's training, remember, I showed you the stuff that I had generated on my on my screen right here, all the stuff that was on the screen right here

[905:03] Speaker 0: is notes for what to talk about.

[906:42] Speaker 2: And I've been going through some of this here, and not all of it, but what it was was the AI was able to help me take what we've been talking about here in this group and really start to give me some ideas of how to connect those dots. And again, this is where what you can do is you can either repurpose your content this way, start to just see this as, like, how you can sustainably build a business right now and stay competitive in the marketplace. Because what you're dealing with is we're really up against a lot of coaching like, like, bigger, multi million dollar coaching companies are, I'm talking like, like, when I look at companies like Alex hermosi, like he has a whole staff that's literally using AI that's turning out ideas for him to then come up with the best stuff. So it's like, okay, like you could go again crazy level with a lot of this, you don't need to keep it simple and the and the simplest thing is think about who is the person that I help the most? What do they need the most? What are they struggling with the most? How can I help them go from where they're at to where they want to be? And then what is some content that I can put out there that's going to attract those people to me. What are they interested in? What are they dealing with? What do they need help with? And then from there, you can attach a call to action. You give one bullet point, like I showed you over here, the carousel one on pricing. Why you don't want to price it too cheaply. You never want to price your stuff too cheaply. That's that's a way bigger mistake than charging too much all the time, because pricing stuff way too cheaply, because, unfortunately, it is. It is a lot easier to discount something if you charge too much than to ever raise the price after you charge too little, cuz it can sometimes take you years to raise your price after you charge too little in people's mind of the perceived value of what they believe you're worth. And here's what ends up happening is, let's say you charge like, okay, seven bucks or $17 or $27 for something, and now you're like, Okay, I should have charged 97 for that. You, you, you bump the price up to 97 and people get, they're like, it's not worth that. It's only worth the 27 because people get trained about the value of what you think you're worth to them.

[948:10] Speaker 0: And so,

[948:48] Speaker 2: again, that's, that's a, that's a whole training on pricing. We weren't even, like, diving into that, but, like, that's an example to you of how, like, AI, while we were doing that, literally triggered my brain into coming up with some great ideas for teaching about pricing and things like that that we could literally go into and unpack a whole other training on pricing based on what we just generated with, with a couple of little AI prompts to come up with with that. And that's what, exactly what you can do in your own business. Now, again, if you don't have a lot of content yourself, this is where I would say YouTube is a gold mine, because there's so many transcripts of people that are out there. And here's the key that I use with YouTube.

[961:04] Speaker 0: Is the key that I do with YouTube is I,

[964:04] Speaker 2: I like, I'm using somebody else's video. I'm gonna again, I'm gonna have the AI generate me ideas based around that, and then it's going to turn into my own ideas. So I'm using somebody else's Foundation, their own video, things like that, to then come up with my own ideas with the AI and so like, if you're like, Okay, I don't have any of my own content, how can I come up with ideas and use AI this way? That's where using three or four videos from YouTube to be able to do that. And then there's one other really, really cool tool that I've been using recently, called notebook LM.

[974:26] Speaker 2: It's from Google. It's called notebook LM. I've been using it a lot. You can see right here.

[977:12] Speaker 2: And so what notebook LM is, is this notebook LM, they just moved it out of beta, and

[980:22] Speaker 0: it's one of the most unique

[981:27] Speaker 2: AI tools that they have that's out there, think smarter, not harder. So it uses Google's Gemini 1.5 it's completely free. And what you can do is you can load up PDFs, Google Docs, YouTube videos. You literally just paste 20 YouTube videos in a notebook LM, and it will start to generate for you ideas that you can use, right inside a notebook, LM, it'll start to even generate you like, podcasts and stuff like that that you can use.

[990:31] Michelle Plucinsky: All right, here's a question. It will generate them for you. But are they generating good ones? Like, do you have to tell it generate like ones people want to see like, Well,

[993:27] Speaker 2: so here's how I use it. They are really good, actually. So here's how I use it. Is, if it generates me like a podcast, I'm going to listen to it, and then I'm going to create my own version off of the ideas that I listen to what it gave me. Let

[998:30] Speaker 0: me just show you how we use this right here. Okay, so if I go over here to YouTube,

[1000:35] Speaker 2: because the content is is based on whatever videos or content you feed into it, so if I'm feeding my own transcripts into it, it's going to be based on whatever my own transcripts are

[1003:41] Speaker 0: for that content, let's say that I go right here, okay, and I'm going to go

[1006:44] Speaker 2: pricing for coaching businesses, okay,

[1008:06] Speaker 0: but if I just copy

[1009:09] Speaker 2: some YouTube videos right here again, I don't even know what these YouTube videos are,

[1011:03] Speaker 0: but this is just like a couple of different steps that you can take with this. It's it's able to pull them in as source materials. I

[1014:28] Speaker 0: and not all, not all the YouTube videos isn't able to do this, but Transcript not available. I

[1019:38] Speaker 2: You can import sources, like websites, Google Docs, copied text. I'll copy stuff that AI generates right here. I can copy my transcripts from my own coaching and training right there. Then I can tell it to customize me right here. This is an AI generated podcast. It's called a deep dive. Conversation with two hosts. They end up talking about that topic, whatever those source materials are. So here's like, how one of the podcasts sounds.

[1029:07] Speaker 0: So I go right here. See if you guys can hear this.

[1032:02] Speaker 3: Hey, you have a feeling

[1034:59] Speaker 3: like just churning out posts and videos and emails, and it's like sucking the creative life out of you. It's wild, right? This whole content burnout thing. Tell me about I've been there.

[1037:44] Speaker 4: And the thing is, it's not even just about working, like smarter. It's got to be sustainable. You know, totally

[1039:21] Speaker 3: so many entrepreneurs we feel. This pressure to be on all the time. Yeah, that's how you burn out. For sure, it's like trying to run a marathon, but on a treadmill, you're moving, but are you actually getting anywhere?

[1042:13] Speaker 4: Good analogy, and that's what we're diving into today, figuring out how to escape that content hamster wheel.

[1044:00] Speaker 3: Yes, and we're not just gonna like so

[1044:38] Speaker 2: what I did, just for the example here, is the source material that I gave, it was all those notes that I generated for my own talk here today. And then what I'll do is, if I want to just jog my memory, is I'll listen to that podcast, podcast that it generated with these AI voices. They sound really good, and it will give me these ideas to be able to then talk about or create my own piece of content based off of that, I might find one piece of idea that they unpacked, or something like that. And the algorithm is really good at being able to do this because of what it's trained on and stuff like that. And it's a great way to come up with ideas for YouTube content. You can also go and you can ask questions, what are 20 YouTube video ideas that I could make on this topic right here? And so this uses Google's Gemini 1.5 algorithm to be able to do this with notebook LM. And so this is, again, just another way, like you can either learn things, if I want to learn something. One thing that I've been doing is I've been taking like 20 different YouTube videos on something I want to learn, and then I'll have it create me, like a 12 minute podcast on those YouTube videos. And it's really cool. So again, here's right here, content burnout, how to beat it, the good enough mindset, why perfectionism is killing the creativity quality of quantity, content repurposing. 101,

[1068:12] Speaker 0: students.

[1069:41] Speaker 2: One thing that I might do is I might like delete this one and then tell it. I'm going to customize it. I'm going to say I want them to focus on content repurposing, and then it's going to generate me a piece that's about content burnout, but it's all about content repurposing right there. And so that's another really cool way to use that AI to help us come up with those different ideas. Again, I'm not going to use those AI voices or launch that as the podcast, but it's going to give me ideas for what to talk about myself, because I'm able to, like, sit there for 10 minutes, 12 minutes, listen to that. And just a side note, I've been using this for, like, my own, like, inner healing and emotional health, as I'll have the AI generate me different ideas around my own emotional health, and then I'll have the deep dive podcast people talk about that, and it's literally pulling up ideas and stuff like that, like what I experienced in a session with a therapist while I'm listening to this, because it's like the two voices are are bouncing off of each other, and It's really amazing that way. So anyways, those are just a few different ways that I like to use AI to help us streamline what we're doing, to not have to feel like we need to burn ourselves out. By the way, you can get burnt out using these AI tools. So understand that. Use them as a tool to save you time. We gotta get to the root of to where some of that like behavior comes from, of burnout is and feeling like things are not good enough. Realize that getting something done is better than it being perfect. And staying consistent with showing up in your business and promoting your business, that's what's going to produce far better results than like putting a lot of effort into, like, one individual piece of content and then promotes your business, whether it be your webinars, whether it be your landing pages, your lead magnets, your ads, your promotions, all of that type of stuff. All right, so that's today's training that I wanted to bring to you all, and I hope that was helpful for everybody that was here. Now what I want to do is I'm going to take some some questions here. Let's see we I see a couple of different questions that are in the Facebook group. Ben, I see yours is one of the first ones right here. And by the way, so each week, what we're what we do is we make a post in the group. It says, post your questions below for Monday. By the way, I use AI to make that graphic. I literally just go right into into Po, and I tell

[1113:43] Speaker 0: literally, this is how I do it. Watch, I go flux Pro,

[1114:55] Speaker 2: generate me a graphic that says, post your questions for Monday below and make it be like a beach resort. Okay, there we go. And like that used to take me, like, 15 minutes to make a graphic like that in Canva, i. And so now it's like 15 seconds.

[1123:13] Speaker 0: There's no text on that one I

[1125:20] Speaker 2: uh, sometimes it doesn't produce the text, other times it does. So, but anyways, that's how I that's how I generate those so. But let's go back over here, your questions right here, getting clarity on more pain points, and see that people really are asking about songwriting and releasing music. Yup, it's going to be your one of your strongest ways to attract people to you for what you're doing, for sure, um, one either host a paid three to five day challenge or do a six week school if you're finishing current six week I want this new offer to look fresh and different, which is good. You definitely do want it to look fresh and different, and that's and that's another thing too. That's why a lot of times like fresh and different, you can also alternate like fresh and different, like for two to three times, and then you can repurpose the same idea that you did the first time. You have a great guest with you, challenge or mini school. Well, have you done a paid challenge yet? Okay, the mini schools are doing really well for you, though, and they're kind of the almost the same format as a challenge. A little bit. You could say that it's like, it's like a six week challenge.

[1148:47] Speaker 5: Two, yeah, what I'm experiencing so far, like, the feedback is awesome from the six week school. The immersion factor is amazing. People are enjoying that we just had so few people join Yeah, that now I'm just, I'm focusing more on getting the testimonials, yeah, and then just that experience. The next one, though, on the songwriting is based on just what you're saying, you know, the feedback that I'm getting from the live Q and A's. And so I started creating little YouTube videos that are kind of like getting their palette ready to receive the the content. A challenge might be fun, because I don't have to stretch it over six weeks. Because I feel like while I've been in the six week challenge, I'm doing a lot of other things, like, yeah, you know, the pod, the podcast, and with all

[1162:56] Speaker 2: one of the things that you run into is as well, again, are all the people staying engaged throughout all six weeks?

[1165:24] Speaker 5: Yeah, unless they can't make a session, all of them are super one of the things

[1166:22] Speaker 2: that you do run into with a six week is your timeline is very extended out so long people and so that's why, like doing a paid three day challenge. Here's what I would do, what? What's the price of what you're selling on the back end of it?

[1170:44] Speaker 5: So yeah, that's another not great thing is that I didn't, I didn't have a back end offer ready on the tail end of the six weeks. So what

[1173:40] Speaker 2: I want to do definitely want to have something for sure.

[1174:24] Speaker 5: What I want to do is have a mentorship. And I have, now I have that material like I could do, like a six month mentorship that they jump in and they'll have, you know, like a members area and everything. I still need to learn how to kind of build a member's area, but I have all the content I can do, either pre recorded, no problem, or live, you know, like 20 years of teaching, so on the spot. It's cool, you know, yeah. And for the first batch of them, I think it would work really well, but I didn't have that ready for this, whereas this one, if I want to launch it end of October, and I have, you know, another dude on there that'll help me in some way, that'll really engage people, yeah. So I'll have, I'll have, like, I literally have a framework for them. Anybody can do it. They just open up the Psalms, and then I can take them from never writing a song ever to writing their first song. And that's great promise. And yeah, two separate dudes. So I'll like, look a worship dude, and then I can have a songwriting gal. That's awesome. I can hit both. But I don't know if it's a better idea to just keep it, like, really sharp, like just within, you know, the worst.

[1196:15] Speaker 2: And yeah. So that here is one thing is, yeah, songwriting versus, like, releasing your music, those are two different stages in people's journey, for sure. And so. Again, that's why, like, the mentorship around releasing, like, like a high ticket mentorship would be around releasing the music,

[1202:06] Speaker 5: yeah, sure, we could do that for sure. And

[1203:13] Speaker 2: that's where you would have something that's like, for like, a very elite group of people like you can either offer financing on that. It can even be in the like five figure range on that offer, um, for songwriting, again, a lot of that is people that are, they're just getting started. I see it like in this space. So you got people that they want to start their coaching business, they want to market their coaching business. So you got, like, those two same exact thing in the songwriting thing you got, they got they want to write their song, those beginners. And by the way, most people who want to write songs are never going to write a song. For sure, it's true, because, like, when it comes down to it, like they realize they don't really enjoy doing it once they do it. Lot of people don't know that, because I've written to myself and I actually realized, like, I don't enjoy this process that much like I thought it was super glamorous. And then I was like, Yeah, I'm not really into this, so, yeah, but, but then there's like, I'll be like, they just thrive in it, and they love it, and they're like, Okay, like, I finally found, like, what I was made for. And that's the thing, is, like helping people, like, through that, whatever stage they're at. And so with that songwriting thing, I think a songwriting is going to be a real good you'll find a lot of people that want that is what it is. And then

[1223:50] Speaker 5: the crave factor is going to be a lot higher, yeah. And then so bringing people into a challenge. Now I want to do it like a challenge

[1226:08] Speaker 2: on now the back end commitment factor might be a little bit lower with the songwriting people got you, whereas you'll get less people that want to release their music, because there's just less people that have music. But if they come to you for that, the back end commitment is going to be a lot higher, because they're probably already mostly committed by the time they get in the front door. So those are kind of two things to consider. Is like, when we that's a great example. When we talk about, like, qualifying for profit is you'll get volume with songwriting, but it might not convert to as many people on the back end, whereas you might get less volume with releasing your music, but, but a lot more of those are going to be conversions on the

[1236:14] Speaker 5: back end. Yeah. Like, I want to make sure to have that variety of offers. So like, I have, you know, if people come in for songwriting, then they can come on for like, a a six month, kind of like they'll go through all the heart stuff, all the motivation stuff, all the how to run, yeah, stuff, work with leadership, stuff, you know, in the all the way through. But then if they actually want to go in studio, we can have a even more elite offer, where they're with us that way.

[1244:05] Speaker 2: And now here's where we want to think about this. So a six month program like that, you do this once, but you don't want to wait six months to be able to do this again. No, well, and so that's where it's like optimizing the back end offer to where you can serve these people during that time, but you can keep pushing people into it. And that's why having it more of like a mentor, a mentorship membership that they can jump into, so that each time, if you're running a challenge, or you're running a webinar or things like that, you can do that really well, then that's where the way that, like this would transition, if you're doing it evergreen, is it might be a course that they're buying that's like three to five modules about songwriting, yeah. Now you lose some of that interactivity, part of it, but you're able to sell that every day to people, and you're able to get a lot of people into that, and then you can just, like, push as many people through the door into something like that. And you can actually that's a little bit more scalable than you having to even do, like, a paid challenge that's live every time. Because when you do a paid challenge that's live, or you do any challenge that's live, you are limited to, okay, your sales window is just when you're doing that challenge exactly, which is great. It makes a lot of money. It's how I you can literally scale a business to multiple seven figures doing that. But it also it's a lot of work and and you can get kind of exhausting. And so what I like is a hybrid approach, where you could have, this is what I'm doing in my business. You have the Evergreen offers, yeah, getting people registering. You can have some evergreen courses, things like that. And then you host a paid challenge a couple of times a year, instead of being every month. And it's almost like this elite thing. You can put a higher price tag on it too, so you can charge more money for that, like, because I've even seen paid challenges as high as, like, $1,000 for a paid challenge, yeah, because it's, it's treated as this, like, Okay, this is our, like, quarterly, like, a mastermind that we're getting into. I. You deliver a lot of value there, and now, like at least 50% of those people are going to want to convert to whatever's on the back end of that. So your evergreen stuff starts feeding people into that, that higher level type of a thing right there. Again, all depends on what your income goals are, and your scalability and all of that. And we're not going to do this overnight. Sure. The way that you make, like, more money in this business is you just have to make more offers more often to more people. And that's where burnout starts to come in. It's like, okay, if I want to go from six to seven figures, if I want to go from seven to eight figures, but I'm only one person like and I can't be working 24/7 and not sleeping. Okay, now we gotta figure out ways to automate some of this to be able to do that, and

[1294:15] Speaker 5: even the first, even the first six figures, would be great. I mean, yeah, yeah, I understand, and I've studied a little bit of go a high level enough that I have some things automating, like, I have a bit of a workflow in a system, like, yeah, for you, I know the optimization of of the system that I know, that's why I'm here, is because I can see that you're able to optimize that, because it will start with me, but I'm also running something for for my wife that will and

[1303:20] Speaker 2: a lot of that optimization happens just in like, how we deliver the presentation during those three to five days. What are we delivering in that mini course, or in that evergreen training that's really to because, because that's a lever that you can literally turn, depending on what I say in my evergreen offer, I can increase how many sales I get for the same presentation without doing any extra work, and it's just about how I'm framing the offer. And so that piece of it is one piece. The other one is, is that if I'm getting better qualified people to show up to it, I don't have to get as many people onto it for it to convert as well on the back end. And so that's just, it's powerful when you when all those levers start working, that's where the optimization comes in with our messaging overall. Yeah,

[1317:21] Speaker 5: I think that's what I really need to be working on, because in terms of supporting them, they'll have,

[1318:59] Speaker 2: you know, really, you got that dialed in pretty well,

[1319:37] Speaker 5: yeah, high quality podcast, you know, emails, they'll have that community aspect, but the messaging in a way that's going to get them to really bite and and Stay and then the Evergreen is a great idea having everything kind of like what you well, it is literally what you have set up in Thinkific, right? Let's have all your evergreen content that we come into, and then you come with relevant topics in the

[1327:12] Speaker 2: so what's interesting is, is like in this program, the coaching program. A lot of that is, like, those are, like, courses and things like that. Is like, my, like, flagship offer, you get all of this right here. What I'm talking about more for evergreen is, like, these marketing pieces that are out there that are getting people on your email list, that are getting people they've never heard of you, but it's that first interaction that they're watching with you and doing that. And so those are going to be structured a little bit differently than say, like, what we have inside of this program here, because this is really geared towards, like, how can I really serve our clients at a high level, give them a lot of value the right information that's going to get them the results that they want. When I'm marketing it, I put a lot more emphasis towards I'm a lot more surface level with my marketing content, because I want everybody to see that they need to get into my program to be able to really get the most value with me and the ones that that that's geared towards, that are that are going to get that they're they're going to connect with that a lot more. Um, and I'm giving value in all my content and offers that are out there to people. Um, but there's certain nuance that I'm not going to unpack deeply out there, because it's going to just lose people a lot into the weeds, and they're going to get distracted, and they're going to get caught up in stuff that they don't really need to focus on. But what I really want people to focus on is I want them to have a vision for possibility. I want them to get excited. I want them to see that working with me is going to produce a result. I want to demonstrate that. I want to give them enough value that they can get one quick win, and then I want to pull them into my paid program that I have as the way to really, truly, ultimately get that transformation that they have. And so when. When you can do that with your offers that are out there, including your six week school like, like, I would gear your six week school around that okay to like, even the six week school is not the like, end all, be all transformation. It's more of the first step into the door of a bigger picture with you, to be able to qualify people into that.

[1366:32] Speaker 5: So like, for example, I'm on, like, the third week of that now, yeah, um, would it be, I mean, all depending on how much, how much more work it would be to future cast and be like, Hey guys, we have something really exciting for you that you definitely do after this program?

[1371:04] Speaker 2: And yeah, I definitely would, and I would talk about, like, some some like, say, and you know, for those of you too, that that stick through to the end of this, we have some free gifts that we want to give you at the end of this, just for spending all six weeks with us. So that's one of the things. Is like even incentivizing people to stay through the whole six weeks to be able to give them something for free, something of value that they can keep on the back end of it too. Yeah, that's the idea of the the MIF key offer, having a most, most incredible free gift ever offer where you have something that's free that they can keep for becoming a paid client in the next level thing with you.

[1381:12] Speaker 5: Oh, cool. Yeah, awesome. Well, be designing that for sure, and then thinking about how I can kind of develop that. It's intimidating though to think you want to build something. You know, you can build it, but it's like the amount of time it can take to put those blocks in, yeah?

[1386:19] Speaker 2: So, so that's where I like to start with. Just like, what do I have figured out today? What do I have figured out today that I know that I want to offer people just package that. And when I say package it, it's like, literally, just like, put it on a piece of paper and describe it to people. Cuz that's really what how we package things this business is. We're using our words to describe what something is, and then make people an offer, attach a price tag to that, and cast vision for them joining into something with you. We don't want to take a lot of time to, like, refine and optimize and perfect all of that there, because a lot of the perfecting happens as you get people into it, yeah, the deeper they go into it, like this program right here, that's exactly what I did when I launched it. I had like, four courses in here, and they were, like, not even that great, but I just, I knew I had to, like, get the momentum going, and I was going to use the questions and what everybody was asking me to help develop this program out. And that's really the best model to be able to do that, because you're able to get something up, get something out there, to make an offer to people that then you can become profitable with quickly.

[1404:15] Speaker 5: Yeah, I noticed that that happening with DPA. I was like, Okay, I think this is what they did and and it was good, like we were all taken care of. But yeah, so I think that that's the main thing is, is being able to get that but then you have to kind of hustle, don't you, in order to get that content out there. If you want to build now a library, you need

[1410:24] Speaker 2: to, yeah, it's important to that's where your discipline comes in, and that's where we're kind of having a structure where you can get that cranked out, and having the consistency to, like, okay, you don't want to over commit, yeah, um, you want to, like, I'm always definitely trying to, like, under promise, and then at least like, deliver what I promised. Yeah, because it's like, everyone's like, under promise, over deliver. I'm like, Okay, it's so hard to even just deliver on the promise. In this business, they're like, I'm going to under promise, and then at least try to hit that and go, like, above and beyond that. And I finally that actually makes people a lot happier than like, you definitely don't want to over promise, but you, but oftentimes we can burn ourselves out trying to over deliver for sure. And so that's where, like, in this business, it's good to like promise, if you can over deliver great, but like, it's not the main goal. Like, you want to just at least like, give people what they promised and what you promised them, and deliver on what those promises are and that people are happy with. That is what is what I find now, okay, big picture, long term, we do have to innovate. We do have to, like, over deliver. We have to start to come up with that, because there's competition in the marketplace. Yeah, there's, you know, because, like, I think about even like, like, with, with worship coach when we first launched that, like, there, there's so much that we had learned in that process of doing that, that now, like, there's been a lot of people that have gone through that and seen that as well, and they, they want to create, like another, like, their own spin on that. And it's, um, that. That's a great that's great for the competitive marketplace to be able to do that. I look at the automotive industry as a great example of this. And and it's just like, the first car, every car is, like, innovating just a little bit more and more. Like all technology is getting just a little bit better over time. And that's and it's great when it does that. So that's where, like, you know, you definitely don't want to like under deliver as to like what the marketplace is offering to people. But yeah.

[1447:21] Speaker 5: So my final question, because I don't want to take up all your time, is, how do you make it so if you don't put a time thing, like a six month mentorship, you just have, like, a reoccurring membership, yeah, and then people come in and you they either pay like the one, boom. So say, we use, like 1997 as a price, you know, whatever they can pay that either for six months, or they can pay a certain amount per month. And definitely we keep it so that people can come in anytime. And everything that I'm doing is relevant. It's all going to be recorded if they want to. You know, go to past coaching calls like, what all y'all, what all y'all are doing? Otter, AI, I understand all that. Like, but how can they jump in anytime? So that way, you know you can just keep pushing people through. Might be too big, yeah, for just like our session now, but I'm willing to to wait. It's cool.

[1463:29] Speaker 2: Yeah, there's, there's actually a couple of horses in the members area where I've broken that down. So there's one, it's called membership secrets, okay, there's another one called running an impactful mastermind group. And so they kind of talk more the technical side of it is in the in the membership secrets, one the running in a pathful group that one's really about, like, how do you run a group coaching that really keeps you all engaged and really, like, deliver a high quality product? And a big part of that is just, I'm constantly for me. I'm pouring over all the questions everybody's asking me in here throughout the week, and thinking about it, and all my content that I'm creating comes out of that, all of like, my upcoming courses, comes out of that. I'm really focused on, how can I help deliver the value and the result that people are looking for from here, number two, from the technical aspect, is like, like, Thinkific has a subscription membership side to it where you can literally it just creates a monthly recurring membership that just charges people when they sign up. And so people can pay they get access to a bundle of classes and courses. Sends them those different logins. You can either do it on a school community, you could do it on a lot of different platforms that can do this, and then you set that up to where it charges people monthly to be able to get access to your program and your community and things like that. So like, what aspect of that are you unclear on?

[1489:12] Speaker 5: Yeah, I think it's just I had in my mind, okay, six months. I just want to make sure that the interaction is there. Like, we run, like, a live event.

[1491:21] Speaker 2: Oh, yeah, that be really in the running and impactful mastermind group, course, that I have that's all about that. Like, how do you actually like, really like people, people engaged for months and even years at a time, because we've ran masterminds, where we've had people stay in for like, years, yeah, like this, and it's just and it keeps evolving, it keeps growing. It keeps doing that. And a lot of that goes back to what I learned from my mom in this so is when we were running in her business, we had the inner circle, which is basically exactly what we have here in my program. Is what the inner circle was. She closed that down, and she doesn't run that anymore. She has a stock market coaching community, and so she pivoted markets from business coaching to stock market coaching. And she has a few 1000 people in there, and now she's pivoting to women's health and hormones, yeah, so, so like stock market Academy right here. That's a monthly recurring right there. They're in a community with that. They get daily interaction on this the hormones community, they get weekly interaction on this one. So this is every week. But that's exactly how we did that was we you figure out, Okay, what's the pace of how you can show up? How often do you want to show up with people? And then you, I like, I know my mom, she launched this women's hormones one, and I'm helping her do the marketing on that right now is she came up with the idea, and then, like, a month later, said, Okay, I got, I have a membership, so I gotta, I have a program. I'm gonna push them through. I have a recurring. Payment link that they get, and they're going to get a zoom call every week, and then we're going to figure it out from

[1521:46] Speaker 5: there, yeah. So we have, like, they'll get a coaching call every week, yeah, twice a month from me, twice a month from group coaching, vocal coach. So like, group vocal coaching, yeah, so long as they're in the program, so the value will be there for them. There's no question whether they'll be there. It's just, you know, setting it up. So I'll look into all that. Man, that's awesome. Yeah? Definitely

[1529:12] Speaker 0: cool. Right? Awesome. Appreciate.

[1531:11] Speaker 2: Tiffany, you posted some questions here in the group celebrating getting clarity on your offer. If say, no one signed up for your group, your recommended said, turning it into a paid class and so on as a course. Um, uh.

[1538:47] Speaker 2: So again, the free classes are just to, like, see, like, can you get people to show up with you for free? Can you get people to show up to listen to you? Because oftentimes, like, if you're struggling to get people to show up paid? That's where the free is, just to see people, if we're getting people to show up, if nobody's showing up with the free stuff again, yes, that can be, like, exhausting kind of self defeating. It just means we gotta, we gotta tweak what the offer is. We gotta tweak who you're reaching. We got to tweak how many people are actually showing up to the page. Do you have the statistics as to how many people are actually visiting that page itself? Tiffany, so Squarespace gives you those statistics inside of Squarespace, and you can go under analytics inside of Squarespace, and you can look at how many people are actually visiting the page with your offer. Because, like, if very few people are visiting it, here's the thing, like, you're at the point where I think you just gotta get more people in front of the offer and or you gotta make a different offer to people of some kind to get them to spend that time with you. Okay, you've been promoting it. No one has signed up yet, working hard in your copy. Decide organic is taking too long you want to do ads. So yes, the best ads course to start with is going to be Facebook ads for beginners. Instead of the beginners courses. Okay? For YouTube topics? Yes. So my my chat, GBT prop for that, and my go to is just generate me 20 YouTube videos based on XYZ topic to be able to create for this, like we were doing earlier, okay, but yeah, so like, at the end of the at the end of the day, if nobody is signing up for the offer, that's what we gotta we gotta do. We don't want to get defeated by that. We don't want to feel like, oh my gosh, what am I doing wrong? Like, move quickly past that and say, Okay, let's tweak this. Let's adjust this. Let's get more specific as to what people desire. What are they wanting? Is there something that like, maybe I am like, I know they want, but I'm not giving that to them, cuz chances are, again, your offer might be great, but if people aren't looking for it if they're not actively wanting it. No, you're not going to have anybody sign up for it. We can't like we can't make people do something they don't want to do, overall. And so that's where figuring out what are, what are those topics that people are wanting from you start to connect with some people. Your goal is to make that connection with people. Tiffany, why do you think that people aren't signing up for the beta group?

[1589:49] Speaker 0: Tiffany, are you able to talk? You're at work. Okay? So like,

[1593:59] Speaker 2: you know, and I think back to i i I ran an offer that I thought was going to go crazy, how to make six figures in your coaching business, running webinars, almost nobody signed up. Nobody even showed up to it. So it's like sometimes certain topics nobody wants to sign up for overall. But if I talk about how to grow your business. Of Facebook ads, ton of people sign up. If I talk about start your coaching visits from scratch, ton of people sign up. They want to listen to that. If I talk about launching your offer, if I talk about growing your email list, people will sign up. But for some reason, like, if I talk about, okay, how to use webinars to grow your business, like very few people, because it's just, it's not enticing enough, it's not interesting enough to people. They're not they're not wanting that thing, as far as that goes. And so again, sometimes this is why, as soon as we get something out there, we're testing and we want to find that thing that people are looking for, that they're wanting. Now I've shown you many different ways to use AI to find what are some of those ideas. We talked about them a couple weeks ago. We talked about a number of different ideas that you might test out as different hooks or different headlines. One of the ways that you can test out different ideas is, what are people responding to with content, if you're putting out video content, if you're putting out different pieces of content organically already, what are they responding to? But at the end of the day, too organic is not always going to be the thing that's going to get people to like to build your business. It's where we gotta move into running the paid advertising. That's why we have to be able to structure our business to be profitable. Because if it's not structured to be profitable, we're not able to even afford the advertisements. And now, like, it's this loop of just, we can't ever make it work. And that's where most people are is. They're like, I just can't ever make this thing work. But that's not true. It's not true at all. We can make it work. You can make it come together,

[1628:03] Speaker 0: but it takes

[1628:46] Speaker 2: figuring out, what is that topic that people are wanting from. You find where those people are advertising is a great way to put yourself in front of those people. And again, some of the best ways to find those ideas is, what are some of the offers that other people that are not you are promoting, that they're actively building their business around? One of the biggest mistakes that we can make is we're like, Well, I've never seen anybody talk about this. I've never seen anybody serve this topic before. Chances are, I'll tell you, I've never seen very many people in the marketing space, except for one person, and I know he was only running it as a retargeting ad. Actually run an offer about grow your business with webinars, is because it doesn't attract a lot of people with that topic, even though it's one of the number one things that people need to learn. And so this is why, like just because people need it, they may not want it. And this is where we have to take our ability to be able to persuade people to inform them, to help them make the decision, I want to help people make a decision that okay, they got to start their business. What they want to run ads. The best way to get that is with webinars, with presentations, with getting people in onto some kind of a piece of content with you, where they can watch this content and then they can get those results. And so that's that's going to be the best

[1650:18] Speaker 0: way for you to do that.

[1651:09] Speaker 2: Okay? So, yeah, so you wrote a few of those things down, of what they are responding to. You figured out a lot of the like stuff that you were stuck on. Now it's just, like, it's adjusting the copy. It's just tweaking that. It's just, it's just tweaking it. You know, you remember I mentioned, remember the six steps that we talked about. You you have your niche, you launch your offer, you get it out there. And then we analyze the results. Okay, your results are that nobody's signing up. So now we go back, we adjust whatever that niche is, we adjust some of the copy, and we tweak it to start to see if it's going to start to come together. Is what that is, okay, identity and boundaries is what most responded to interesting. So that might be around more the lane that you might want to create your offer around is around those boundaries and identity and the value of those things. And oftentimes it's because people don't know how to set their boundaries. They don't know how to do that, and so that's a little bit more enticing to them to learn from somebody how to do these things, because now it's a tangible thing that they feel that they can walk away from with. All right, awesome. All right. Anybody else who's on here Bridget Michelle? Anybody else have any other questions before we wrap up here today.

[1676:22] Michelle Plucinsky: Nope, mine was about YouTube, and you answered it, so now I just got to do the

[1677:27] Speaker 0: work. All right, awesome. Thank you. All right. Y'all Well,

[1678:50] Speaker 2: this has been good. This has been fun today, and I will see everybody. Be next week for our live Q and A and by the way, we again, we do. We're on Lesson Six of a course that we're just now finishing up evergreen marketing. It's all about what to do with an evergreen funnel. How to do that. We just finished up the mailer light course.

[1686:10] Speaker 0: I'm debating

[1686:57] Speaker 2: a lot of what I talked about today is, like, how I'm using AI and things like that. I was debating putting, like, a whole course together on that, but honestly, like, I think what I talked about today was pretty much what I would put into a course, most of that. We've already had, like a number of different AI courses. But

[1691:40] Speaker 0: Alright, y'all, I'm going to go

[1692:34] Speaker 2: see the family. Hopefully this nasally nose is gone by next week, everybody, it's it's funny because like, I like, I feel like same amount of energy, but like, I got this, like, nasal nose. Head, cold. Days, annoying to me, but All right, everybody see you next week. Have a good one. Stay plugged into the group. We'll talk soon. Bye.

