Niche Holiday Training
Date: 2024-12-23T05:51:17.000Z
Duration: 19 min
Otter ID: dfAQJFRGs9i0YsNDkhp6uv9AHgM
---

[0:05] Speaker 0: Hey there. Welcome to this holiday bundle all about finding your niche. Listen, this is something that I've helped 1000s of mentors and coaches on. It's because I want to see people succeed and make a ridiculous amount of money in their business. Finding the most profitable niche in your business is a powerful thing, and so by the end of this training, I want to help you feel clear, confident and excited to move forward, feeling the absolute belief that you can make this work. I believe that if you're watching this right now, you're ahead of most people in this industry, because you've made an investment to actually solve one of the biggest problems that a lot of people deal with is figuring out what's the most profitable topic to do in their business. And so I want to commend you for that, and thank you for being here, and then tell you that this is actually a lot easier than we've been sold or told and and yet, we're going to have to challenge some things inside of us today, and that's what we're going to be talking about that's going to help us to be able to decide what is the top niche to build your business. I want to share with you just a little bit of a story in my own business. You know, when I started out my experience, I've been in this industry for almost 22 years, and I got my start creating CD and DVD products, then building funnels, editing video, and starting to learn about marketing and advertising. And then from there, I was actually able to build, as the CEO of a company, multiple eight figures in profit, twice for two coaching businesses. We built one to $20 million a year, the other one to 10 one to ten million a year. One was with a real change, with Sandy Krakowski, the other one was with worship coach, with Rick Pino, and we were able to build those to that level. And so what I find is is that after doing that and coaching 1000s of people on this, one of the biggest things a lot of people deal with is they're just not sure, okay, is this going to make me the kind of money that I want to make? And they're afraid of missing out on opportunity. They don't want to miss out on a great opportunity. They also don't want to do something that doesn't feel perfectly aligned with who they are, where they are, and what their desires are. Okay? So the number one thing that you gotta look at is we have to create and find our niche around something that is going to be marketable and profitable and produce the kind of results in our business, otherwise it's not going to make the kind of money that you want. Now here's how I break down niche when it comes to for coaches, is that every niche business falls into one two, or even a combo of three of these categories.

[45:58] Speaker 1: You either have health wealth

[47:21] Speaker 0: or relationships, okay, health wealth, or relationships, and I built and helped people in all three of these right here now, like one of the number one areas that I help people with the most in my business is a combo of wealth and relationship, utilizing, how do you do connection with other people to build wealth in your business? And then I believe that this can actually go into your health when your health is in alignment, this also helps your wealth. And so my coaching business has actually started to encompass a lot of all three of those, but we really prioritize number one wealth with our clients, how to become as wealthy as possible, how to make as much money as possible with your offer, while impacting as many people as possible. And the way that our system works in my client growth accelerator program is that we help you do that in a very easy,

[61:26] Speaker 1: simple way that allows you to create time and financial freedom

[65:31] Speaker 0: for yourself by getting clear

[67:23] Speaker 1: messaging Okay, massive impact and then the third one is fun doing it.

[72:23] Speaker 0: And this becomes sustainable right here. When you can have clear messaging and how you communicate with people, you're able to have massive impact with your clients, and you're able to have fun doing it, this creates time and financial freedom for you. Okay? And so what I look at is this, is that when somebody's trying to decide, what niche should I coach it, what niche should I mentor people in, I tell them to make a list for me of what are some of the ideas that they have now, if they're starting off and they don't have. Any ideas, one of the things that I love to do is brainstorm with AI like chat GPT, and there's a simple prompt that I've told 1000s of people about make me a list of the top 100 niches for the most profitable online coaching or mentoring businesses that can be promoted through Instagram and Facebook. And we specifically mentioned those social media platforms because that takes into account what's actually going to be promoted through those and so it'll actually make you a list of different niche categories that you could mentor on that. You could create a coaching business around. And all of these are actually great ideas right here. Every single one of these could be used, every single one of them. And this generates, and you can generate these on your own. You can also go down this list right here. You know, you can pause the screen and start to look at what's on this list, and this will give you ideas to go based off of next. What you can do

[98:56] Speaker 1: is,

[99:33] Speaker 0: let's say dating coaching over 40. Okay, generate me 20 sub niches of dating coaching under 40. So it's going to take that one niche idea, and let's see this one's generating us two versions of these. Let's do this one. These are sub niches or sub topics or sub categories of what you would teach on and you might take two or three of these, and that becomes what your main topic of your coaching program is about by getting very specific as to how you help somebody. Okay, now I have a series of prompts that we've actually put together in a chat GPT prompt document, and this is one of the master prompts that I actually like right here is to actually generate a coaching program

[113:21] Speaker 1: based on,

[114:16] Speaker 0: let's just take all all of these right here, and let's have it generated as a program around this confident dating over 40 individuals over 40 seeking to build confidence navigate modern dating and meaningful connections, building up your confidence, crafting the mindset, mastering communication, navigating online dating, spotting red flags, the first date, overcoming setbacks. Each session includes live zoom set, so look at this is able to generate for us ideas for offers that we could create, lead magnets, landing pages, an outline of the timeline. Okay, so this is what's amazing, is AI is our superpower for brainstorming, for coming up with ideas. When we're lacking ideas. There's no benefit to you sitting around, racking your brain, trying to come up with an idea, struggling to figure out how to communicate it. What do people want when you can simulate the ideas as close as possible, and then what you do is you take the ideas that the AI helps you brainstorm with. You can pick the ones and you want to tap your intuition into this, the ones that feel the best to you, pick those and then start to run with those in your business. And so like that right there, when I just showed you, is one of the number one ways that I show people how to even come up with ideas for your niche. Now, when it comes to making it profitable, we gotta figure out what is going to attract people with an irresistible offer through the internet, on Instagram, on Facebook, on YouTube. What are the topics that people are really, really struggling with, that they want to solve, that they can get a quick win from? Okay, and so let's actually ask chat GBT to give us that give me 20 ideas for topics based on the above that can give people a quick win, solve a problem in a one hour training or webinar that we could market as a lead magnet on social media. So this is going to give us 20 ideas based on the above that would make lead magnet webinar topics three step confidence formula over 40, how to shift your mindset to attract the right partner, from nervous to natural. How to Stay calm on dates. How to Create a dating profile that stands out. That's actually a great one right there. It's a really good one. Top five mistakes singles over 40 make you. Part of flirty texting, how to keep conversations flowing, how to dress to impress, body language, how to navigate the fear of rejection, dating after divorce. These are all great ideas that the AI is able to brainstorm for us. I like this one right here because it's simple, because it's a tangible takeaway that somebody can make. Take this idea and create 20 titles that are persuasive and exciting and enticing to run on social media, for ads to promote this we're gonna take this one title and we're gonna have the AI make it even more persuasive and exciting. The secret to a dating profile that attracts so you're noticing, we're able to go from one idea dating over 40 to really honing in on an offer that we could create that's irresistible. Ready to make your dating profile irresistible. Why your dating profile isn't working? How to fix it. Craft the perfect profile and and we'll go through and see which ones really stand out to us. Stop selling for matches. I like this.

[181:49] Speaker 1: Okay,

[182:10] Speaker 0: it's engaging. Some ad copy. Is your dating profile getting you matches you really want? Are you stuck with connections that don't spark joy? Find the top mistakes to keeping your profile from standing that are keeping your profile from standing out how to showcase your authentic self and a step by step guide to building a profile you'll love. Okay, so right there, those are ideas and how we can use AI to brainstorm ideas for an offer, some kind of an offer, like what you're watching right now. This is an offer that I was able to make to you as a coach or mentor to connect with you. You were able to purchase it, and now you're here, watching me, and you're getting value from this. So I made an offer around a very specific need, finding your niche, and now you're here, and that's the exact same thing that you want to do in your business. You want to figure out what is a very specific need that somebody has, and create an offer around those things, and in my client growth accelerator program, that's what I work with you on, is building out that irresistible offer that creates the kind of results that you want. We show you the best prompts to use for AI. We show you exactly how to set everything up to be profitable for you, what to say, how to say it. I coach you through exactly how to put all the systems together, and I'd love to see you join us in my accelerator program and work with us. You can actually check out an offer below to be able to jump in and try it out with us. Listen as a mentor and as a coach. You don't need to struggle. You don't need to wonder, is this going to work? Can I make this business model work for me? When you can figure out what are the topics that people want, and then you learn how to do the following three step system.

[212:43] Speaker 1: Number one, you you find

[214:58] Speaker 0: the right person, where are they? Where do they exist right now on social media,

[216:46] Speaker 1: you figure out how to promote

[217:50] Speaker 0: offers to them, where they are right now, and then you are able to close the sale by making a connection with those people. And what I recommend the best way that we make connections is we use evergreen offers of video content where people can watch the video content, they make a presentation, they provide value, they deliver exactly what people want, but they also give us an opportunity to present our programs, our trainings, our offers to people. And that's the system that I work with you on in our accelerator accelerator program, as how to go through this three step process and make it work for you. Okay, and so listen, if you're trying to figure out what the best niche to do is these are all great ideas to figure out a great topic for your offer, for your landing page, for what your coaching business is. But I, I would be remiss if I didn't address one of the biggest things that stops people, because I've worked with 1000s of coaches, and what I'm about to share with you right now might be the difference maker between you getting results this week, this month, this year or not, and I'm saddened by the fact that what I'm about to share with you, most people ignore most people don't do it. Most people skip over it because it's just simply. Hard for 99% of people, and it's the fact that we have to address in our lives, what type of sacrifices that we need to make. And what I mean by sacrifice is sacrificing our ego, our identity, how we see ourselves, the fear of what other people might think about us, the worry of, is this going to work out? The truth is, number one, you're never going to be guaranteed that something is going to work out in your business. And so we have to stop waiting for a guarantee and learn how to take risks and put ourselves out there, even without one and then number two, learn how to no longer allow the fear of missing out, fear in general, to stop us from launching an offer, the worry that maybe this might not work out, the need for perfectionism, destroys the potential of coaches. And I've met many coaches, they never make the kind of money that they could make because of perfectionism, because their need for everything to be perfect far outweighs their desire to actually succeed financially. Their arrogance around what they believe how things should be dominates every part of their being and makes it impossible for them to make the kind of money that they could be making. And this is one of those areas that I really am adamant and passionate about with people, is that if you want to be successful, you can't let perfectionism dominate you. You can't let the fear of missing out, the fear of an offer maybe not working, the belief that if I just do everything perfect, then it's going to produce a result. The truth is, there's never going to be a moment or opportunity in your business of perfection, and so it's time to take imperfect action, put something out there, create an offer, and take a leap of faith to start building your business. And that can be scary, and that's why having a mentor like myself to guide you and direct you through the pitfalls of what could be stopping you, what might prevent you, what you might get wrong. I can look at it and say, Don't do this. Maybe do this. Try that. Based on my experience, that's the true value of when people work with me as they get access to an a complete system, community accountability, everything that they need to be able to be certain that their offer is going to work, that they're going to produce the kind of money that they want to make and get the results that they truly want. I'd love to see you become a part of our community, our accelerator community, to do that, but I'm going to encourage you, and I'll always say this, we can't let perfectionism dominate it. We can't let our pride and our ego dominate I've met many coaches where they won't allow themselves to be successful because they feel like it's below them to do the things that it takes to build their business, such as growing an email list through social media. You don't need to dance on social media, but you do need to promote your offers to find the right people, and you gotta learn how to speak persuasively. It might not sound like you naturally, but learning to write sales copy in a way that persuades people to take action and to come into your ecosystem and to dive in with you that'll change everything for you. And so listen, I'd love to work with you on that. Check out some of the other bonus trainings that we've attached on here as well, and we'll talk soon. Have a great holiday. Have a good one. You.

