WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-12-01T22:53:41.000Z
Duration: 116 min
Otter ID: EKMx-ek3WcwcfSPEVibikDz_L-8
---

[1:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, so our live training here today, let's get this loaded up into the Facebook group, because that's where we're going to we're going to connect with everybody in the Facebook group here. Let's do this. Invites. All right, live video.

[11:34] Speaker 1: Go Live.

[15:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm Hello, Robin. How are you? Hello, hello.

[19:28] Speaker 2: Can you hear me? I can Is it better now?

[20:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, it's good. I'm getting the live stream set up here. Let's see stream key, right there, Advanced Settings, server, URL, and then there we go, academy group. Don't normally do switching from phone to didn't have any lunch today, so I got a protein shake I'm just going to sip on while I'm here. Hope that's okay with y'all. Normally don't get all that out of the way. Today was one of those days the 830 start turned into a 12 o'clock start. So for the day,

[34:43] Tiffany Quinones: life be life. And

[35:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: hey, Tiffany, how are you?

[36:29] Tiffany Quinones: You know, today I had some extra energy since getting a diagnosis of health stuff, but I'm actually excited about where I'm at in my business, so sharing a little bit about that in the group so and I'm loving the Sora app. It's quite fun. That's awesome.

[42:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Well, I'm excited because today we are going to be talking a lot on those different topics of using AI the right way, the way that is the best way to use them. So I'm going to go live here in the Facebook group. We'll get this live training going here. Alright. Well, listen, for those of you that are logging in, let's say you're watching the recording here in the members area. Welcome, and you can find below a checklist, the transcript, everything. Again, just a reminder to everybody in the members area, the best place we've had nearly 20 new members join in the last week, which is awesome. So I think again, a lot of people are going to probably watch in the recording area. You want to use Jeremiah's AI clone. This is going to help you tremendously to answer questions and help you in your business. And then these are the different courses, the weekly group coaching calls. I'll go right here. The Start Here section has the courses all about where to start, what to do. This is a brand new start here, Fast Start Training that we put together to help you get up and running in your coaching business making the kind of money that you want to make. And that's what we're going to be talking about, is marketing. We're going to be talking about marketing and the way that we use AI around here. Listen, the truth is two things. Number one, AI can actually turn people off from your business and in a huge way, if you use it in the wrong way, if it feels inauthentic, if it feels not that great. And we've seen different use cases like this, but there are some strategic ways to do it that I think are really incredible. And here's my take on it is, is that you do not need to be an expert at marketing anymore, and yet, by the same notion, the only way that you are going to grow your business is by doing expert level marketing in your business. So those two things can now be true now that we have access to artificial intelligence, which is really, really cool prior to the level of AI, it's only getting better every single every single month prior to where things are now, you would have had to have been an expert at marketing just to even scratch the surface of getting any kind of result in your business. And so I'll tell you this you do. Not have to be that expert at marketing in your business to be able to get the kind of results that you want. So what I do is this is I look at, okay, what is my expertise? Because what does it take to become an expert? It can. It can take 50,000 hours to become a master at something. And so sometimes we kid ourselves that like, Oh, I'm going to become this expert at marketing, and now that's going to to grow my business. The truth is, like, what I know about marketing and acquiring clients, things like that, I can teach you. You can follow the strategy and things like that. A lot of it is caught through momentum and working. And this is not to necessarily discourage you, but this is one of those things that, like 10 years ago, we didn't really talk about, is the fact is, most people, it's very, very hard for them to actually learn marketing from courses, from coaching programs and things like that. It's very hard to just merely learn those things from I'm going to tell you what to do, and then you're going to apply it in your business, rather than having an expert actually do the work for you and really being invested into something. Now, the playing field has been leveled in a huge way to where a lot of marketing consultants, marketing agencies, agencies, things like that. First off, if you're hiring a marketing agency, I guarantee they are using AI up the wazoo to do everything, because it's just better, combined with somebody who understands marketing, and even if you don't understand all the aspects of marketing, using AI to help grow your business is one of the best things that you can do, because you do not need to know all the stuff about marketing. You don't need to be an expert at graphics design. You don't need to be an expert at video editing. You don't need to be an expert at video production techniques. You don't need to be an expert at sales and marketing with the use of AI. Now, I would say one thing you do need to become moderately expertise level at is communication and and the ability to sell, that is something that cannot necessarily be outsourced to AI. The ability to sell, however, I use AI to assist me to augment my sales. How do I do that? I take my sales webinars. I take my all of my content, all of my coaching calls, everything that I do is augmented. What does augment mean? It's something that improves what you're already doing. So I take me and then the AI helps me. How do I do that? I create transcripts of everything that I do, from my coaching calls to my sales messaging. I'll take sales calls that I do. I will take webinars that I'm creating, and I'll take the transcript of it and actually Google Gemini. You can just upload the video straight into it, and I'll ask the AI, hey, act as if you are a sales and marketing expert. Analyze my sales pitch, tell me how I can get better. Be a coach for me to help me get better at selling at the cadence my structure, how I'm communicating, the things that I'm saying. And so I use AI in that sense to help coach me in those ways. I use artificial intelligence in my relationships to help coach me on how to be better in my relationships with my friends, my family and my clients. What are the blind spots that I don't know? And so these are some of the things that like, Okay, first off, as coaches and mentors, we're like, wait a sec, is AI taking our job as a coach? Well, it could, if you don't understand how to use it properly, a human person. I'm I'm a human. This is not an artificial intelligence generated video right here, is going to be better with AI helping them than on their own. And so when you can learn to use those tools, it's going to be better than AI by itself 100% of the time when you can learn to use those tools in the right way to do that, taking anything that you're writing, filtering it through. And again, you might if you're an expert at this, like I know, I know Robin is an expert at writing and communications and all those things. And so it might feel icky to do something like this, but I'll tell you that if you filter your writing and ask one of the high end AI tools to analyze it, to find blind spots, to find ways to improve what you've already done with your expertise, you would be shocked as to the fact that what it recognizes, because it's trained on the AI, is trained on all of the information around the world. Now it's not going to necessarily be an expert. It's not an expert. Artificial intelligence is not an expert, but it's a way of like, basically, if you took all of Google. People. This is how I would think of AI. You take all of Google, and you take what you did, and then you trained 1000 people that have academic knowledge of everything that's out there on Google to then run and filter it really fast with a computer the work that you're doing, and then sort of give you an analysis of it. That's what it's doing in in real time, instantaneously, when you ask AI to look at your sales, pitch your content or your writing, to give you improvements like that. And here's how I see it is, we have a limited amount of time in our worlds, in our in our in our world today, your world, my world, what we have the ability to do every single day when we're serving our clients, when we're building our businesses, and so any way that we can augment our time to save time is going to be valuable. Now I'm going to tell you this when it comes to advertising, Facebook ads, Instagram ads, it's not even close the results that I get with AI generated ads versus ones that I film myself, unless I use a really big budget. I used, I put a lot of money behind it. I spent a lot of time investing into those things, the results that I can get with my advertising. If I'm creating a graphic with AI, if I'm creating a video with it using Sora, is it produces a much greater result. And again, there's a couple of ways that I like to do this, where I might generate an AI video and then I'll put text over it. That works really well right now. That's working really well as far as for ads goes. Those are some of the best ads because people are not necessarily focused on the video itself. Their subconscious is but they're actually focused on the words that are on the screen and what's in the text. So anyways, if you're building a business, you do not need to be an expert at sales, at marketing, at client acquisition, at lead generation like you needed to 10 years ago. We can use these artificial intelligence tools to be able to augment and do a lot of that work for us. And I think the only people that really have a problem with this are creatives, like if they're if, like a graphics designer has a problem with an AI doing graphics design for them.

[203:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: A lot of writers often have a problem with AI doing the writing for them, because it's a threat to what we're used to, what we think of or know is necessarily going to be like, Oh, it's threatening to my job, or things like that, um, you know, video producers, things like that. What I'll tell you is this, is that when you know how to use AI tools in the right hands, and you know how to put it together. And anybody can do this in front of their computer. You can do so much with it that goes beyond what you could imagine. So I'm just going to show you, like a few of the different ways that we're using those to do that. One of the number one tools that I love again is Sora, for video right here, using Sora, okay? Because it just it generates these crazy kind of any concept of video that you can imagine. You could load yourself into it right here. So I can load my face right into it, and then I can generate any kind of idea or concept that I'm thinking of, like, this was me, like, this is, these are videos I generated to put with text over them. So I wanted, like, a video of me on a boat somewhere, throw some text over it right there. Uh, here's me organizing in the house, something that I'm not that great at in person. But my my wife is definitely this type of this person. This is more what my wife is great at. But like this type of stuff, these videos, then if I throw some text over them, make some really great ideas like this. Here's how my mom is using these in some of her videos. Here's some AI videos right here. She just has music over them. She's chopping down Christmas trees, the AI version of Sandy right here. And then she has these, the text on the screen, which actually has the the point that she wants to come across. Jeremiah. She's writing on a sled. This is her AI writing on a sled. So what's fun is my mom, she creates AI videos of things that she loved to do as a kid. That's actually like, this is totally my mom, like as a kid, right here, what she loved to do. And then she'll throw text that she will use that matches her, her market, Black Friday promo right here. Okay, so that's what she's using now she's doing videos. These are actually my mom talking in person. This is her right here. No Filter. Talking, sharing concepts. So talking head is here, but she's augmenting it by throwing in something. There's an AI cartoon of her type of a thing, okay, this is actually her working out in the gym right there. This is definitely the AI version of her, with the with, with these, with the snake right there. Okay, again, another version right there. She's writing in a in a journal, AI version on a dirt bike. And so like, if you, if you follow her content, she's got 159,000 followers on here. If you follow her content, then all of this ends up leading into her, her memberships, her mentorships. She's got the menopause optimization blueprint right here, which is a, which is a two hour class that she put together. She sells it for 10 bucks. So this goes back into our strategy right here, which, by the way, this is how we kind of greenlighted the strategy. We tested this. With this we got over we've had a couple 1000 people now purchase this class for 10 bucks. Now that's not building like 1000 people at $10 okay, that's $10,000 that's that's a little bit of money. That's not enough to build a multi million dollar business. Anybody who buys this $10 class here then gets ascended into this coaching program right here, and there's, we have hundreds of people in this one $247 a month. I run all the all the marketing. We use AI, and then me, and then Sandy is kind of the marketing team behind all of this right here for her women's menopause group, $247 a month. 2000 $197 a year. She also has a stocks investment community right here. She's got a a great special on this right now, on stocks investing, which is really cool for Black Friday, Cyber week, all that, but she's using AI to create the the content and all that. Every single email that she sends out to her email list, which I'll give you a disclaimer, I'm the one that that uses AI and writes all those emails. I work with her, and I write all the emails for Sandy I have for the last two years using AI so like, here's an example of messages I'm just giving you, like a behind the scenes in here. These are all AI generated, generated the subject line and and we generated the the email content for all of these. So this is an AI generated email right here. Why are we using AI to generate these emails? Because AI writes email almost better than I could come up with an idea. So I'll come up with a concept or an idea for the email, and then we will use Claude AI personally use the poe.com platform. Poe.com is really cool. It also gives you a lot of great AI image generation tools. We got nano banana pro right here. Flux two pro these are some brand new tools which are really fun. Like, for instance, like if I wanted to do make a shot of Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg riding on top of a train into a zombie warehouse. Okay, super random, right? Oh, got flagged by a Content Checker. Okay, great, whatever. I thought that would be funny. Let me just do Zuckerberg. It might have Elon tagged. Yeah, it let me do something with Zuckerberg the other day. Maybe, maybe the zombie one is the problem. Let's try this. Let's see, okay, yeah, so it's not zuckerberg's name. It doesn't want to do zombie content. Okay, fine. We'll just do Zuckerberg riding on top of a train. It'll probably do Elon and Zuck. Then it was the zombie warehouse. I thought zombie warehouse was a funny thing. There we go. Look at that. Literally looks like a photo of Mark Zuckerberg riding on top of a train. You. You could not get this level of image from Ai months ago. That's that's been the change that's happened. We got GPT 5.1 we got Claude Opus. This is my favorite for email writing Claude Opus, and this is why I love po because for $20 a month, you get access to all of these tools inside of Poe Gemini three Pro, this is the smartest AI that's out there right now for pretty much everything. Let me see nano banana Pro. I want to see what banana does for this. Nano banana Pro and flux two Pro are like some of the best for image generation. And you got some video generation stuff in here as well. We're gonna, I'm gonna show you some video stuff. I'm gonna show you some image stuff. I'm gonna show you some different, like, kind of sales copy stuff. But I want you to, like, I just want to go back to what I was talking about at the beginning. Here is artificial intelligence. Is the best tool to take what you know, your content, your way of doing things, your way of looking at the world, and then to market to people, to find people that are out there, to reach them, to come into your world right now, because the truth is not everybody is using AI the right way, the way that we teach you how to things like that, okay? And so, like, here's, here's nano banana right there. It's a little bit of a different type of a pose right there, but it looks like a photograph, it does. And that's, that's what's been incredible with these new image generation apps. Is how life like they are with generating images for any scene. You could take your own photos and load them in here, like if I took, if I took a couple of photos of me, just right here, some some screenshots. Let me throw a couple of these in here. Okay, now, take this photo of this man and put him on the train next to Zuckerberg as a friend. Okay, this is me right here. It's going to augment my face, and it's going to take it this is me after swimming in the swimming pool. It's going to take it, it's going to put it into a shot right here with Nano banana, for any kind of a scene that we can think of. I'm actually really interested to see what this

[362:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: does another great tool for like image generation and video and stuff is Higgs field. This is another great one for generating images, generating videos, things like that. All right, let's see. There we go. Not exactly my face perfectly, but it's getting there. It's close. Could probably use a little bit a few more photos. And what it is, it's kind of taking as much as it could from these images. For the images I gave it, it's pretty good. Like, that's, like, that's, that's pretty decent. What would you use that for? Not really anything necessarily, but you could bring them into something like Higgs field and generate a video of some kind, and they could throw audio over them, or things like that. So you could generate videos with with Google VO, 3.1 or things like that. Sora. What's really great about Sora, I want to go back to Sora that I had mentioned is, is that you can train it with an image or a video of you, like I said, and then you can cameo yourself and create any kind of scene that you want like this is me growing jalapenos. This is me starting a soap shop right here. This is me writing a book. I wrote a couple of manuscript books right here. This is me starting an AI company, a big AI company, raising billions in capital. This is me repairing a bicycle. Now, why do I have these? Because these, again, would create great videos. I because I'm planning on doing another round of my ads, and I'm going to take all of these videos. I'm going to throw text over them in Instagram. So this is a video right here. I could take this video, download it, save it to my computer. It's funny how a book begins. Okay, so there's the video right there. Let's go into cap cut. You could use cap cut. You could use Instagram for. This. One of the best video editing applications that's out there, by the way, is capcut.com. You can do all your video editing right here on capcut. They have nano banana pro built right into it. That's pretty interesting. I'm not I've not used how they're using nano banana necessarily, inside of CAP cut, but it's a great editing app that I've been using for all my ads, because I can easily just use my computer. I don't need to buy any software or anything. I can just download it, upload videos, upload music, right here. Oh yeah, I gotta show you that other one. Here's some music that I generated, I used, I used us so suno.com Sora, suno, right? I use suno.com to create royalty free music for my ads. So I can use any anything inside of suno, and I generate a vibe or a theme, and I can run these as music.

[419:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So those are random ideas. Here's one that I did. I was playing around making like a rap song, ready in black, ready to go back. I I gave it some lyrics, and I told it the style of song I wanted, and I like, made a really cool kind of AI generated song. Here I got a bunch of different ones. I played around with Wizard of Oz theme. Here's some toy songs Halston and Kyron, little play songs for the kids.

[430:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I just use AI for so many different things. I

[444:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: whoopsie. For some reason, my my internet cut out on that. It logged me out of zoom real quick. Anyways, I'll take the same video that I generated. This is from Sora right here, and I'll run it back to back, the same clips with the music beneath it muted, so then it's a 22nd clip instead of a 10 second clip. And then I'll just go in right here. Text. See it's all very intuitive, like how the the design is text is right here. Add some text. Do get your ideas out of your head and into the real world using AI. Okay, so let's do that. Um, so it's going past the screen right there. So that's where we would like to probably shrink the Text Block. There we go. Kind of works like Canva, but for video, basically. And then what I might do is I might throw in, like a stroke right there, around the text. You do a stroke, a fill, you do a background, just different things like that, for the the text style right there. Okay, and so then what I might do is I might have that text, or I like the text that's built into Instagram as well. I can throw some text on the screen right here. Now.

[473:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, I might put i

[475:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: The possibilities are endless. Now what I might do is this, this is kind of like, that's like, really lame text, right? Get, get your ideas out of your head. The possibilities are endless. What I might go ahead and do here is, if I'm like, trying to. Create some content for my social media. I might then go over to chat GPT, and I'll say, Okay, I want to create an Instagram reel with some text like this on the screen on a video. Generate me 10 ideas for some more engaging text. Okay, so I'll like, I'll screenshot that idea. I'll bring it back into chat GPT, and I'll have it brainstorm ideas for more punchy text. Your ideas aren't crazy, they're just trapped. Let AI set them free.

[490:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your Sunday project could be live next week if you let's see overthinking the perfect plan. Okay, okay, this isn't a call to action. This is more for engagement. And so let's make multiple carousel frames. Let's do that. Do and this is just how, like I come up with different ideas for for content that I could put on my social media or ads that I could run

[499:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: within 10 minutes. You can have a sequence that you could use. Okay, love this three fame carousel. Ever had a genius idea in the shower? By lunchtime, you convinced yourself that it's dumb. Your brain 1000 ideas a day zero, finished projects. That's actually pretty good. I

[507:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I might take this, I might throw that in there. Let's turn the background off. Your brain 1000 ideas a day zero, finished projects. Okay?

[514:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: This could be a like, a totally like, a piece of content that, like Shonda could use, like even, because it's like, about writing a book and things like that. Probably where I came up with the idea is I just thinking about stuff for Shonda and then came up, let's see here stroke. So stroke means, like the text around it, zero new ideas, but it'll help you finish every single one you have. I

[523:49] Speaker 0: Okay,

[525:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: let your brain do the dreaming. Let ai do the drafting. If AI could build one idea in your head right now, which one would you pick first? Oh, that's good, that's like a great kind of like a like a kind of a follow up to that, right there. Yeah,

[536:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: oops. Oh, interesting. Why is the text still on the screen right there? It's not supposed to go for that long.

[541:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, no, there we go.

[545:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: So then I might like, I can export this. I could make that as an Instagram rail, right there, something like that. So that's, that's how cap cut can help you make video content. Can make ads the same way you you can use images as well. One of my, actually, one of my best posts that I posted the other day is, and I really think, like, if you do it strategically, see, I have all these videos right here. And by the way, my videos have started to get a lot more views. I was capped around 200 views. Maybe I wouldn't get more than like 150 to 200 views on my videos until I started implementing a couple of AI clips and things like that in there, and now I'm getting like 300 to 400 so it's boosting all of my content further than that. A lot of my AI videos, I'll. It for 500 This one's 700 right here. Think you're posting too much. That's when it's finally enough algorithms for getting hours promote the same message again and again until it sticks. Somebody even put a snarky comment. So be annoying. No thanks. And I put, if you don't give a crap about irritating people, you'll make a ton of money. I try not to swear on my social media, but you know, sometimes comes out. This one right here got 1500 views organically. When motivation dips, go to back to your day one. Remember why you got started. Remember what lit you up. You don't need perfect. Keep walking. Okay? And so while I'm still putting like this talking head content and stuff like this out here, one thing I started doing now with my talking head content is I started adding intros to it, so that I think that is also helping. I'm adding intro hooks to each video, so that's helping a little bit. All of these captions are AI generated right here based on the video too. I have an assistant that generates all these captions for me, but either way, it helps amplify everything that you got going on when we do stuff like that. Okay, let me see. So, yeah, so, Sora using that for videos. Oh, images. That was the thing. It was under images. This image they did, did a little better on my Facebook. This was aI generated right here, and then I actually wrote this text. It was kind of an ad for my ads. Course, right there. This one was aI generated of me walking up to a house. It's another ad for my ads. Course, there's another one right here. Okay? My sales copy for my landing pages right now, I'm creating a brand new landing page for a course that I'm putting together. It's an AI. Let me see, I'm creating a mini course. That's another like, kind of like a $5 course, where I'm going to show,

[600:24] Speaker 1: pull it up. Where is it I'm

[603:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: just a couple of days ago I was doing

[607:46] Speaker 0: it,

[611:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not sure. So when I'm writing landing pages, when I'm creating a landing page, when I'm creating an offer that I want to create, to put out there.

[616:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm going to use AI to help me write the sales copy. Let me see, is this it? No, that's not it. I know. I know I, I did it the other day. I want to pull it up, because it was really good.

[623:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Course, sales copy review is this it? Oh, yeah, this was it? Okay, yeah. So what I did was I took a bunch of like, competitors, landing pages, people that are teaching AI content creation, and I told that I want to create a course that I'm going to sell for 495, that's going to be a complete, complete with the top courses that are out there, it's going to compete with them on AI content creation. Below is example copy. Here's the instructions. Write a sales letter for a 495, ticket webinar based on the above, based in conversational, informal, persuasive tone. It's a paid webinar. Then here's example copy. These are different sort of competitors that are offering similar offers. And so then what it's doing is it started, it starts creating, for me, a starting point for my sales copy. Now I'm not necessarily going to run with this sales copy, because it's not necessarily matching what I'm wanting to do. I really want to filter. Then you. I know about my client avatar and things like that into it, but it gives me a starting place by using this, using Gemini, to write my sales copy, to come up with an ideas for my landing page. So like the latest course that I have, that I've been selling for $5 almost all of this copy was written with AI and then edited by me. We wrote a lot of this with AI, and then I edited it. This whole thing, right? Here was aI written. All of this was written by AI as well. Okay, the testimonies are real, and then it generated this landing page right here. So the idea is, and I've been writing, I've been writing sales letters using AI, since 2021 when GPT three first popped on the scene, using Jasper and conversion AI, those were some tools that were, they were, they were mostly just Facebook ads, tools that were out there to write sales copy, and so, like I said, you don't need to be an expert at Marketing, at writing sales copy, at creating videos, at creating graphics. Any graphic idea that you can come up with these tools can even help you prototype or come up with those ideas to put them together, like I could ask chat GPT right here. Let me just do it with the instant model. I'm kind of liking the instant model if I want, like, really quick stuff to show you guys, I started playing around with the instant model the earlier today, it did a lot of really cool stuff for me. So I would put this and I would do, generate me a full workup design for a graphic promoting this class act as an expert graphic designer and detail every part of the graphic now. GPT 5.1 instant is really crazy, because it will give you instantaneous answers. Watch now. It's taking forever to do it, right? So that's what I like about this is it's not going to think very long. It's just going to give you the answer. It's good for like demonstrations and stuff like that. So I could then take this beautiful color palette all this, and I could add this into an AI image generation app and have it generate me an initial graphic to then promote an offer. I could then throw my photo in there, if I wanted to things like that. You see here?

[691:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, we take this. We're gonna, we're gonna open up a new frame. I'm going to do, create image. We're going to tell it to create that as an image. Let's go to PO The reason I'm using Poe for Nano banana is because it has no watermark on it. If I use Gemini, it's throw in a watermark. So I'll put I'll throw that in the Nano banana for a graphic. And then let me see flux Pro two as well. Flux Pro two image generation. They do have GPT image right here as well. Okay, so these are pretty quick. These are going to be pretty quick, alright, envisioning the graphic, analyzing the layout, interesting. So creating kind of like a header for a website with that. That's an interesting concept that I put together, not necessarily a fan of it personally, not necessarily how I would do it. So what I could do is, then I could go back to chat, chat, GPT, and I could tell it,

[714:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I if you're if you're noticing I'm doing, I'm using chat GPT as kind of like a brainstorming agent, and then I'm brainstorming using, say, another tool, or things like that. I'm generating another tool. Okay, take the following concept, make it less future. Looking. So it's for coaches, mentors, trainers and course creators who might be hesitant to use AI but helps alleviate their fears. Design, okay, so then I'll paste that in there and I'm going to have it. Oh, wait, I don't want GPT Pro. It's going to take, like, 20 minutes to put it together. Let me see, I don't want GPT Pro, let's use GPT instant. If I use GPT Pro, it's going to take forever. We go. Let's use chat, GPT instant.

[735:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's a softer, safer, safer, non futuristic design. Let's see the other designs that came up with in Poe. We had this one in flux, yep. Super like that one. I like the design aspect of it, like from a layout standpoint, that looks pretty cool, but not necessarily what I'm going for. I same kind of thing right here. So it's kind of giving us this sort of vibe that that is generating right there. Let's do this.

[745:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay?

[747:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ai won't replace you. It will empower you. You're safe here. This is easy. You're still the expert. It's so funny. All right, it's generating the fonts, putting all this together. I'm

[753:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: for who want AI to feel less scary, it's cool, easy, non techie way, 90 minute class makes AI simple. There we go, okay, let me throw this one in here and see what this generates. Try each of these and see kind of what they make for this kind of design. So this is kind of, this is how I personally like when I'm using AI, you're getting an inside look at my methodology for creating ads, creating landing page ideas, creating different structures and things like that, for the for graphics and things like that. And one of the biggest things is that when it comes to marketing your business, having many different like, you're not making the same post twice is helpful, and so that's why this helps you come up with a lot of those great ideas. Oh, this is awesome. That is exceptional. I love that. That actually looks so good, like, like, like, from a design standpoint, that looks really cool. Let's see this one. Did this right here. That's awesome. I'm like, I'm like, Okay, we're on to something here. Like that should be the esthetic right for my my offer that I'm putting out something like this, and then what I could do is I could throw in some of my photos, could throw in some of my pictures of me, and then we can Have a cartoon Jeremiah, use this guy as the illustrated person in the graphic. Let me see it should be able to make the Edit based on that I

[790:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: me see if I can just copy this message right into here. Nope. Still makes me upload all the photos. I really should have a folder on my computer where it's just like pictures of me. If somebody found my computer, they would they wouldn't be disturbed by anything they found, except for a folder of just tons of photos of me, right? Why does this guy have so many photos of himself? Well, he's using it to make AI clones. That's why, um. Yeah, these are just like random pictures that I've I've most of these. I have screenshotted from things to use for AI use this guy as the person in the image. See. Can only send eight images, okay, nano banana. There we go. Look at that. Learn AI, the easy non to so cool. I love this. This is like, again, better than I could have come up with on my own for graphic like, this is, like, this is, this is exceptionally, such a great example of what I was trying to tell you guys love it, okay, and so, like, it's so good that it's like, I could hire a graphics designer, and I probably couldn't have gotten couldn't have gotten that good of an output. And that's why these latest AI tools are better for 99% of what you need to do for your marketing is being able to use these different tools to be able to do that. Okay? Again, sales copy, it's not perfect with writing sales copy. Like sales copywriting is still takes some time. That's why I have some courses in the members area where I show you how to finesse the AI for sales copywriting still one of my best and favorite books for sales copywriting, the Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy. And if you watch, any of my sales copywriting trainings, sometimes I'll tell it, okay, rewrite this copy, like Dan Kennedy or things like that. That works for videos. Video is getting better. I want to show you guys one other crazy example of AI video. You could actually replace yourself and create an avatar of somebody else, but you create the video. Let me show you what I mean. Just for fun, I turned myself into a woman, not by any sort of gender transition or hormone, trust me, I would never do that. Personally. I like being a man, so but what I found was in, oh yeah, here it is. I'll show you, using AI, I was able to turn myself into a woman. I'm going to show you what I mean by this. This video of me right here. Hey, how's it going? Listen, I'm testing out this brand new avatar creation where I can take me, this is Jeremiah Krakowski right here, and turn it into somebody or something else. Okay, so I use the AI, turned it into a woman. Right here. Have a woman's voice that I generated with AI, I translated my voice into a woman.

[853:33] Speaker 3: Hey, how's it going? Listen, I'm testing out this brand new avatar creation. Take me, this is Jeremiah Krakowski right here, and turn it into somebody or something else. And so that's what this is. I could literally make crazy kinds of videos with this.

[858:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's not perfect. It's one thing I'm noticing is, like, I should have enunciated better so I could catch my mouth a little bit and things like that. But this is, like, my first, like, rough draft take of this. So I was able to to over a FAL use a tool called one, 2.2 animate, replace, and I was able to generate an image of the of the of the type of person I wanted to create, right here. Okay, so this is, like, this is the video. This is the type of video. It's just generating it. This is, this is the video in my office. We used an image. I used an image that I generated. Let me see, where's the generated image? It's right here.

[874:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me let me see if I can pull this up on my screen here, so you can kind of see the generated image that I used. So I used nano banana to do this. I took a screenshot of me talking. I.

[881:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: From the video. Let me see if I can share my full screen so you can see it. Okay, so here's the screenshot of me talking right here. I'm

[886:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you guys see that on screen with me talking?

[889:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Can you see that? Is it showing the screen? Okay, and then I told nano banana, okay, turn me into a woman. And so this was, whoops, that that's what it was. Was it made an image of a woman right here. So this was the training image that I then loaded into one. And I said, Okay, turn the video of me here into this person here, okay? And then that's what it is. I just loaded this up, loaded the video up, and it was able to turn it into that. The example they're showing here is, you take it has like this girl dancing. It turned her into a robot. So that's what it was able to do, was it was able to then generate her from that initial image, and then my video, and create this sort of like Avatar here. And then what I did was I went into 11 labs. The use case for this is really crazy for ads, and I want to start to play around with it, because I could put myself into any scene, any location, any that I could play as different actors and things like that. And I could actually create full like full length productions with AI this way. This is more, this more dives into AI filmmaking. But it's crazy being able to do this. So with with 11 labs, I was able to go into and load up an audio. So I was able to, just like, load up this audio right here. I

[918:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: of me talking. It was from this video right here. Hey, how's it going? Listen, I'm Ted. And then you can actually create any voice you want. So you can actually, you can actually generate voices. I can create a voice by any design. Let's do like a a gruff southern oil worker. Imagine like some like, kind of like, who's in his 60s after retiring, right? I imagine he's like the, who's the guy with the mustache and Landman, who's the got the got the deep, low voice. That's kind of what I'm thinking. That's going to generate something like that. So I can generate any voice right here.

[934:42] Speaker 1: Name's Hank. Been out on the rig since I was a pup, about 60 years ago. Well, howdy there. Well, howdy there. Name's Hank here.

[937:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: We'll take, let's go to the I like the first one. We'll use that one. We'll say oil worker. We'll save that as a voice Oh, you gotta put a language. It's in English. Okay, then I can go under voice changer. I'm

[945:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: right here, dragging this video. Change the voice to let's see oil worker. I'm

[950:20] Speaker 1: Hey, how's it going? Listen, I'm testing out this brand new avatar creation where I can take me, this is Jeremiah Krakowski right here, and turn it into somebody or something else. So that's what this is like.

[954:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's bring this the the similarity down and the variability, and then let's do style exaggeration. Let's see what this does.

[957:50] Speaker 1: Hey, how's it going? Listen, I'm testing out this brand new avatar creation where I can take me. It says Jeremiah Krakowski. Right here and turn it into somebody or something else. Hey, how's it going?

[962:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, so then, like you could go into nano banana, take this photo right here

[967:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: from the screenshot. Turn this frame into a 60 year old, retired Okay, so we're gonna turn this into a guy who is our character here. And then, while I take some questions, we're going to, we're going to convert it, and we're going to see kind of how this generates this. So I want to, I definitely want to take some questions here right now, but I want to show you guys, okay, great. Look at it generated right there. This video of this guy. So I could throw this into 112,

[980:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll just throw in playground. We'll choose my original video right there. We'll bring in his photo right there, and then we'll just press Run, and it's going to generate that video. And then we'll be able to load in that, that 11 labs audio, and kind of sync the two together and see how that how that works. Just as an example here, while I take some some questions. So raise your hand if you have some questions or things that you want to go over or or look at, or we can talk about or chat about. Let me see. I'm going to look at the what's in the chat here. Thomas says she heard of Lumo, the AI from proton. Oh, interesting. It's got different privacy features. That's cool.

[995:18] Tiffany Quinones: I haven't used it yet, but their their KPI that they're selling is that all of the interaction, all of your seed data remains on your machine, so it's not feeding the hive, and you can still get the assistance without giving away your stuff. I haven't used it yet, but I thought that sounded interesting for

[1000:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: most of what we're doing for marketing. I wouldn't worry as much about that. If you're actually using it to, like, create proprietary stuff, then that's a great idea, I think for marketing purposes, since we're putting it out there publicly, I think that's not, you know, it's going to get picked up anyways. So gotcha so like, when it comes, like, different like marketing ideas and stuff like that, because a lot of the more cutting edge algorithms are really smart. They're a lot better than say, some of these other ones are a lot of these more privacy focused ones are about a about a year and a half to two years behind, unfortunately, when it comes to like, their quality of output, they're most of our based on metas. Ai metas is okay, but it's, it's not that great. So that's the only thing that to kind of think about with that is, is that this is cool though I'm looking at it. I'm looking at what they did from proton. Is cool because they really are. They're really establishing themselves as, like, a privacy focused company. Let's see smartest version when you upgrade. Okay, let's see again, what, what version are they using? Beneath the hood, they're using some, probably some version of metas AI on their servers. I would be willing to bet it's, it's a ver which, again, is totally going to be privacy focused, or it's one of the ones from China, like Kimmy two or deep seek, probably one of those, necessarily so, Tiffany, I see you got your hand raised.

[1028:36] Tiffany Quinones: That was a fun training today. Thank you. And it did have a question about ads. So yesterday, with the ads, I got, you know, when you're learning something and you're doing all the things, there comes, like, some back end stuff that you have to, like, take pause and then figure it out, and then you can keep going. So that's what happened. And the part that I got stuck on was the pixel part, because I have stand store and I don't have square space. And there was a part in the training where you show us it's about adding it's right before you get to the pixels. I think I posted some. Screenshots yesterday, and

[1041:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I tried, no, I know in standstore, here's what I would do, is I Google it right here. See so I found here on Santa's website how to add the meta pixel. Did you find all this under Settings?

[1045:07] Tiffany Quinones: Not yet, because I had to stop, because I had to go to work, but my first thing that I saw was in order for me to

[1047:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: do that. Yeah, it's only in the Creator Pro Plan, that's true. So unfortunately, you can't use that stand store. You can't even really run ads without having the pixel set up,

[1052:41] Tiffany Quinones: is the thing. Yeah. So then I thought, if I have to, I can go back to Squarespace. I know Stan store is a little bit easier, but with Squarespace, I saw in your training that that's already in Squarespace for us, so we don't really have to, like, continue to upgrade in my I hope, because I'm like, yeah, it's built.

[1058:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see the end store, so they do have customer tracking and stuff in Zapier. I here's, here's what I'll do. So, okay, Zapier, explore apps, and then we'll go to Stan store. Stan, there it is, okay, so they can track when people become a new customer? Yeah, exactly. So the issue is only tracking people when they're a customer isn't really the data that you need when running ads, because you want to also track two, two end to end options. I want to track when somebody actually lands on this page itself. Because what the algorithm is going to do, the the meta algorithm is, it's basically, it's just literally sorting, like ones and twos. It's like, okay, there's 100 people who landed on this page. Five of them clicked on this Add to Cart button. So meta's algorithm is then going to say, Okay, we're going to go find more people like those five who click the Add to Cart button. Okay, so, but here's the problem is, you can't even track those things without having the pixel on the landing page and the site and all that. So if you're only tracking purchases, it's kind of hard to do that. One of my favorite ways to track for these kind of like 495 offers, is I actually don't track the purchase. I track the add to cart. Oh, I find it superior data. We're doing the same thing for for Sandy's right here is we're not running the ads optimized for purchases. We're running it optimized for people pressing this Add to Cart button. Okay, because we found 50% of every person who presses Add to Cart purchases. So one, one and two of those people isn't our qualified customer, but it's sending more data to meta that's gonna be able to find at least more of those people, because it has twice the amount of data.

[1097:37] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, so that's what pixels are used for.

[1098:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the pixel is used to give data to the ads manager to tell it how the ad is performing, and then who to show the ads to more of those people.

[1101:51] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, okay, so, yeah.

[1102:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the reason why it's so important is the reason why we got, we've gotten 1000s of people who bought this $10 class from Sandy. Isn't just because, like, Sandy's amazing and awesome and all that. And like, this is a great sales letter. Again, by the way, we wrote this sales letter with AI as well. This photo is a real photo of Sandy. It's not again, I'm not knocking by the way, any sort of real generated content, photographs, photoshoots, anything like that. But I have found business owners not launch their business because they don't have a professional photo shoot. You don't need to worry about that as much anymore, because you could create some great photos for your sales letter with AI, oh, yeah, that you could use. And so again, yeah, so this is, this is here, but we are optimizing it with the meta ads manager for, okay, I want to find as many people who click on Add to cart, and then I can create a look alike audience, okay, people. I can create a look alike audience of people who are just like. Those who pressed Add to Cart.

[1121:09] Speaker 2: Oh, okay.

[1121:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so then the reason why we do the look alike audience is because it's able to then find us more of those people. So then when you run all of that side by side together, the cost just starts to go way down, where initially, like, if you run the ads, it might cost you 10, $20 to get a sale at 10 bucks. But then as soon as you start to run it more, it's like, okay, it's costing us $5 to get a $10 sale. We're profiting five bucks off of each person. I'm just going to turn that ads budget all the way up. Okay? You know. And now that's where you get it. That's, that's how you get a scalable business that makes millions of dollars. Oh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna tell you a story about when we hit our first we had, we made 5 million off of Sandy's membership, and here's all we did. We found an ad that was clicking so well with the audience that we just turned the budget up to $100,000 a month in ad spend from we were maybe spending 500 bucks. But then it started working so well that we literally just went, Okay, we turned it all the way up to 100 grand. Turn it up to 100 grand. Guess how many sales it brought in. It brought in $900,000 in sales. That's awesome, you know? And so it's like, okay. Now I will say this. I probably would have cranked it up to like 500,000 I wanted to, like, stop running ads as soon as we hit that and it was kind of, it was actually, there's sort of a smart side to it, because we had done so many ads, then her organic started working so well, she started getting just as many sales to her organic traffic. So that's what, so that's what, that's what we actually like to do, is once we scale the ads really big, we turn them all off, we see how well the organic does for a while, and then when that starts to die out, we add the ads back in.

[1155:48] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, yep, okay, I'm beginning to see now. I But doing, Yeah, same

[1159:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing with Rick Pino. We were running, I think we were spending almost $200,000 a month on ads for his stuff too. So like, $200,000 a month to meta, right? Like, that's a lot of money now. Oh, yeah. Now you can see why the company is worth over almost, like, $4 trillion yeah. Now you have businesses like ours spending that much money with them, but it's because once you find the ad and the messaging and all that that clicks with your audience, you just turn the ad spend up and it's and as long as it stays profitable. There's no point in lowering it, because it's just bringing it's like printing. It's literally like having a money printer machine. It's like, the closest thing to money printing is when you literally find an ad that is working, because you just turn the money up and it just the money comes out the back end at the same scale, and you're just like, my gosh, we just printed a million dollars. This is crazy.

[1174:30] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, okay, you know that's how

[1175:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: that works. So, like, the initial like, okay, oh, we're testing. We're getting like, Oh, we're only making $5,000 we're only making 10,000 you find those margins that are working, and then you start increasing the ad spend, and it just starts to scale from there, okay?

[1179:28] Tiffany Quinones: And then, in addition to that, so for someone like myself, who's starting off with a small budget, so yesterday, what I attempted to do was I tried to boost a reel that's gone viral recently on Instagram, and when so I ran into some issues, and then I had to stop. Said to get ready for work, but I tried to add my payment on my laptop, because I'm not going to pay a charge through my iPhone, and it wouldn't let me add my my debit or my credit card. And I'm like, Okay, I don't know what's going on there, but would you say that boosting a real while I'm learning the ads thing would be beneficial, and then I think I saw a minimum, like, $10 a day. No, okay, don't. Don't do that.

[1192:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's, it's not targeted. It's not, Oh, okay. It's not going to find you people that are going to be you want people that are going to take to take action with you. They're going to listen to your podcast, they're going to go to your website, they're going to buy your program.

[1198:14] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, okay,

[1198:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: most of the traffic when you boost that meta is going to send you is just going to give you a lot of likes. Mm. Hmm, engagement, and none of that translates to sales,

[1201:12] Tiffany Quinones: oh, oh, that's similar to organ, okay, no, okay, thank you. I'm glad I asked

[1203:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you combine it with, okay, you got to look alike. Audience, and this is actually a, this is a strategy. You got to look alike. Audience, you're getting momentum on your page. It's around a similar topic. They do have a boost function, and Instagram specifically from meta Facebook's not so much, but Instagrams is find more people like my like my followers, as you start gaining that momentum that you have to have content you're putting on there, and you have to have some organic engagement that is actually converting to sales for this to work, then it will, it will actually find you more of the right people by doing that. But again, the better way is you create an audience of people that's a look alike inside of the meta ads manager that creates a bucket of like, 10 million users on meta that are similar to who is listening to your podcast, who's already engaging, who's already doing all that. Boom, okay, and then it will promote your content to those people. So the idea is, again, okay, I would not spend a dime with ads unless you are in control of it, going to people who are potentially going to purchase from you. Okay, that's okay, because otherwise it's a waste of money. Ads are a waste of money if they're not going to people who are probably going to buy from you, okay?

[1226:39] Tiffany Quinones: And then the pixels help with that. Got it before I thought pixels. Were like, What's that movie? Pixels with Adam Sandler. I was like, because when you were first, people think that's what it is. Well, when you first were talking about it, when I first joined, I'm like, pixels. So he wants us to make our Facebook ads like a beautiful picture, like, like that, like, Pac Man, okay, no, but Okay, now, but now, now I now, I see, no,

[1234:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: a pixel is, like a little, it's a little line of code that goes on your website that tells, it tells the ads manager and metas AI, who the right people are. Yeah, it's, it's like a cookie, but it's not actually a cookie. So that's one thing. It's not actually a cookie, um, it's a script that points back to meta, and it just it links, usually, to, like, whatever Instagram or Facebook account that person is using. So it's tracking it, not on a cookie. It's tracking it on the meta side of where their their Instagram or Facebook account is, and so then what it's doing is it's finding people who have similar accounts, and then it starts to show the ads to More of those people.

[1247:13] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, okay. Now

[1248:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's why ads are if you don't know how to do them, are a big waste of money. If you do like I know how to do them and how I show you how to do them. It's one of the best things you can do, because you have control over who your ad is going in front of. My ad is going in front of people that are coaches and course creators and want to learn this stuff and want to grow and want to become an expert at these things.

[1257:44] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, okay, thank you. And I wanted to add to now. Now I think I can just go back to Squarespace, because before, when I first started in here as having issues figuring out Zapier, but now I know how to use Zapier. It's like easy. I don't know how I figured it out, but when I first tried to learn it, I was like, Jeremiah, what are you having me learn

[1263:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: it actually is a lot easier than people think. So it's like, you have these two tools, and you need them to talk together. And what they've done now with Zapier is they just, they have an AI that's built in that does all the work for you, pretty much. Yeah. So you just go here, co pilot AI, you tell it what you want it to do, and then it'll like, it'll put the pieces together for you, and then you just link them, so it's right here, and it just, it creates the link and the connection between those different applications. Okay, all right. Gail has her hand raised, what's up.

[1274:53] Adele Best: Adele, hi, Jeremiah, sorry I missed the I missed the start of this lesson, but I just was working yesterday on really want to get this low ticket offer into the main offer, which is going to be a high ticket.

[1278:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Definitely make sure to go back and watch the recording.

[1279:32] Adele Best: I. What were you teaching about tonight?

[1280:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was talking about how you don't need to be an expert at marketing because of all the different ways that we can use AI to help us to do our marketing. Yeah. And so the idea behind that is, and then I showed a lot of the different ways that I'm using AI to do a lot of the marketing

[1286:33] Adele Best: for me. Yeah, totally everyone's using it. So we need to use it too.

[1287:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we generated, we generated a bunch of crazy like, here's here's me on a train with Mark Zuckerberg and

[1290:42] Adele Best: so what did you use for that? Is it Sora

[1291:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Nano, banana two.

[1292:15] Adele Best: Banana, yeah, yeah, it's in Poe. It's moving so fast, it's like, every week, yeah,

[1293:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: flux two just came out too. Flux two is really good. There we generated a design. So I had chat GBT draft this up, and then it created this design right here for an AI class for me,

[1298:27] Adele Best: what, what's what designs up,

[1299:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: uh, chat, GBT came up with the concept, and then I had flux just generate the design, wow. Um, same right here. This, this one, same kind of design uses my face right built into it. So it's for like, another 495, class that I'm making. Uh huh.

[1303:44] Adele Best: And how did your Black Friday go? Great.

[1304:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's still going on. We've had a number of people jump in. Yes, yeah. So this, this, what I did was I it generated this. I told it, make it less scary and techie, and it made it like, more like Jenna Kutcher, a little bit.

[1308:37] Adele Best: Yeah, soft, isn't it? It's kind of like, it appealed to women. It's quite, it's quite feminine.

[1310:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think, I think this design would, would work good though, right here something, yeah, maybe in between those two

[1312:12] Speaker 4: even, yeah,

[1313:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: I showed how I use AI to change my gender.

[1315:28] Adele Best: Oh, you mean a female Jeremiah,

[1316:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. I took this, yeah, that's what I did. I took this video of me, and I turned it into a woman, and I did that. So now we're we took one right here, where I did this oil worker guy. Where's the audio that I downloaded? That's right here. Okay, we'll throw his audio in here.

[1323:20] Speaker 1: Hey, how's it going? Listen, I'm testing out this brand new avatar creation where I can take me, this is Jeremiah Krakowski right here, and turn it into somebody or something else. So that's what this is. Literally make. It's crazy, isn't it? Tons of videos with this. You should check it

[1329:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: out wild, yeah. So then I did the, I did the girl version right here.

[1331:36] Speaker 3: Hey, how's it going? Listen, I'm testing out this brand new avatar creation where I can take me. This is Jeremiah Krakowski right here, and turn it into somebody or something else. And so that's what this is. I could literally make.

[1336:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wow. This is the original video right here.

[1337:54] Adele Best: That's actually you. That's actually me. Yeah, yeah, yeah, so hard to tell nowadays, because the AI's got so good

[1340:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I saw one guy where he created an avatar of himself that's like, like, really well put together and all that. Like, like, different outfits, and then he just records videos and like, whatever, and then just filters it through his avatar version with the outfit on,

[1345:41] Adele Best: but it's, but it's him. Yeah, I saw, I saw an, I saw an ad on Facebook for somebody selling something. Sounds very like that, some guy that said he's built his entire business off his avatar, and his avatar does everything for him. And he had, like, a challenge going. And I was like, Wow.

[1349:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I Yeah. So I showed a bunch of that in today's training earlier,

[1351:30] Adele Best: okay, I dropped some copy into the into the group, in a Dropbox file. I did this last night. So I tried to, like, I think it could be improved. I kind of rushed it, if I'm honest,

[1356:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: where, where do we put it? Oh, it's potential spam. Let's approve it and then saying that you were spamming the group. Oh, really, I. See, you're gonna get in trouble for that. Just kidding. Okay, here we go.

[1363:43] Adele Best: Scribe, transcription. Okay?

[1366:34] Adele Best: So I wanted this just to be like a kind of like three principles to make your high ticket offers sell. It's supposed to be like a small piece of the main offer.

[1369:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, let's, let's, let's play around with a couple things. I This

[1371:45] Adele Best: is why I haven't bothered putting it in a landing page yet, because I know it needs work.

[1374:19] Adele Best: In your face, yeah,

[1375:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: more punchy in your face. Let's see chat GPT, and then we'll see Gemini three.

[1377:19] Adele Best: Pro, oh, yeah, I didn't use Gemini. Yeah, Gemini. Can you get it for free? Because you have to get, you have to go into po there's a

[1379:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: trial of it for free over here on Gemini, again, it's in Poe as well, right? This is why I like using pokes. Gives You all those different tools.

[1387:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Less boring? Yeah, it's kind of boring. It's the problem. So we talked about last week, we talked about the cub score. Did you hear me talk about that? Is your sales copy confusing? Oh, yeah, okay. Is it unbelievable? Is it boring? C, U, B,

[1393:23] Adele Best: must have missed last week. I have to go back and watch. I don't

[1394:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: think really low on that scale. So you want it to be believable, but not boring and not confusing. Okay, your offer is not confusing, but it's it's less believable and definitely kind of boring. Okay, turn one solid offer into consistent high ticket clients. You don't need a new offer. You need a cleaner way to explain position and sell what you already have. That's good. Okay, you're, you're trying to, you're trying to use too many fancy words to get to that point, right there. Okay, it's like this, right here. Too many words, too

[1405:33] Adele Best: too wordy, too long, too humbling.

[1406:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, let's see what this this creates your offers, world class. No. Stop convincing, start closing.

[1410:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: See what this does from the telling it to be more believable, less boring. Let's try that for Gemini, okay, turn one solid offer. Let's see, make your high ticket offer easier to sell without changing the offer. That's actually pretty good, because the idea is, if you're trying to reach people who are high ticket coaches, but they're not selling their offer, that's who you're it's kind of your avatar we're thinking of right here.

[1418:17] Adele Best: Well, actually, well, actually, what it upsells to, is to, is, is to create a high ticket offer. So maybe that's not you're

[1420:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: trying to help them create a high ticket offer.

[1421:10] Adele Best: Well, well, the will the upsell the so the core signature, the signature offer, is how to create high ticket offer. So it's really for people that are they're making sales, but they're not making high ticket sales. They don't have a high ticket offer. Okay, great. So, so this was kind of like, more like this, this kind of micro offer wasn't like a strategy piece. It was more kind of like, yeah, I got you based on like spirit based on like spiritual principles, while they're why their offers aren't selling. And then, by the way, if you don't have a high ticket offer, you need to get one. And here's my offer to help you do that.

[1431:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, let's see the mid ticket. Why aren't they high ticket? The $27

[1433:54] Adele Best: fit. Let's see. Yeah. Oh, I'm about to much.

[1434:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ready to charge 510, 20k stop buying, start positioning. There you go.

[1435:40] Adele Best: Yeah, that's really good. Yeah. So it's really for it's I want to target those people that are selling those stupid low ticket offers and be like, Why have you not got a high ticket offer? Here's my offer that helps you do Yeah.

[1439:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's not like the issue. As people sell these $5 offers, selling a $5 offer is exceptional if you have a high ticket back end, yeah.

[1442:59] Adele Best: But you know, like digital, if you look at the digital marketing world, like their offers are so ridiculously low priced,

[1445:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah. Well, that's all the entry level offers. And then a lot of people, they're, you can't even really take a cheap offer seriously, yeah?

[1447:59] Adele Best: Like they don't, they don't and they don't have a high ticket offer. And I'm like, why are you hustling down here in low ticket when you need to have a nice less sales, but more high ticket? Do Yeah, yeah, that's much better than what I was like. Mine was boring.

[1453:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, the value delivers where 10 times what you charge. The gap isn't your skill. It's you're selling. It's you're selling structure. It's how you structure the sale. So I would say it, yeah, I think sales don't happen because you get louder or have more content. You'll throw that in there. They happen because you structure the offer in conversation with integrity and clarity. If your existing process feels like exhausting grunt work, it's not designed to handle a premium price tag, okay? This part needs to be tuned just a Little bit.

[1463:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Say I like option two. I'm

[1468:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: if your current sales structure still feels like exhausting grunt work, it's not inefficient, it's actively repelling premium clients you deserve. That's good. Yeah, time to stop pushing and start positioning your services. Okay, great. Here's what I would be interested in, then to kind of dive deeper is again. So that's why, like with this sales copy you gave me, I've not even dove into the sales page. We're just talking the headline here. We're doing surgery on this sales letter by taking apart the headline and then looking at it from these angles. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go, I'm going to go find my my prompts that I have. I'm

[1484:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, we're gonna What's that? All the pain points desires, yeah, let's just use Gemini in this. Pain points the status quo past the overload, pricing, imposter sales, exhaustion, objections to registering. It's just $27 must be fluff. I don't have 60 minutes to spare. Keeps them up at night. The burnout cliff, insecurity on price missed big opportunity. Copywriting formulas, different headlines, stop working so hard, you're making sales, but you're not making enough. If your calendar is full but your bank counters are reflecting it. Alright, let's take the epiphany bridge here. Yeah, Gemini, the not the old version of Gemini. Oh, we're, oh, we are running in the old version of Gemini now, poop, this is running the old version. Let me see here. Can I share this conversation with my pro account? I have a paid account.

[1507:06] Adele Best: How much is it? How much much is it? A month to pay for it, like 20. All right, okay. Link.

[1509:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, here we go. Continue this chat. Okay, great. Here we go. We're going to use thinking with

[1512:47] Speaker 1: that. We're going to edit the prompt.

[1513:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, great. We're going to use Gemini three Pro. Yeah, three Pro is great. So again, Bob Poe also has it okay. Most apps that are like the multi AI, kind of like the Swiss Army Knife AI tools, they usually have Gemini three pro built in, yeah. You just select thinking, and it uses three Pro, okay. Main problem, mid ticket, volume, trap.

[1523:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, wait, this is not, is it sharing the screen? No.

[1525:26] Adele Best: I can see a big iceberg. Oh, yeah. All

[1529:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, so now,

[1532:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, because it's the wrong screen. Here we go. Answer the following questions. We're gonna do the outcome generator. And this is the process that I go through for all the sales copy that I write. Is what we did. So I kind of break down that headline, I tune it, I dial it in.

[1539:12] Adele Best: So you dial in the headline, and then you put it through Gemini with your prompts,

[1540:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then I'll run it through the prompts. Yeah, I'll do Gemini, or I'll do chat GPT 5.1 here's what I'm finding. Gemini and chat GBT 5.1 are doing really good for sales copy right now, so I kind of compare the two, okay, but I'm loving honestly, Gemini three Pro is starting to take over little bit as far as the quality of output we're going to craft this narrative, and then we're going to generate you a sales letter.

[1548:34] Adele Best: You see the way, like in sales letters, you talk about pain points, but you'll talk about desire. Like, how much do you talk about each of them? Is it 5050?

[1551:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mostly, I'll lead with the desired outcome. The pain points are just to show that you know where they're coming from,

[1554:55] Adele Best: just to make them feel like you see them.

[1556:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, there we go. Okay, write a sales letter for $4.95 webinar. I know yours is 27 bucks, but we're going

[1558:56] Adele Best: to do that. We can bring it down to 450 that's okay.

[1559:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it's just for the sales copy. Yeah. Is your calendar full, but your bank account just okay? Are you tired of being the best kept secret who works the hardest? So again, when it talks about pain points, this is how you identify a pain point. These are, these are how we identify pain points.

[1564:53] Adele Best: It's so basically, they're working too many hours, they don't have enough money, and they're tired.

[1566:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: These two sentences are written in a very empathetic

[1567:16] Adele Best: way, yeah, very kind of caring. Yeah.

[1568:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're not written like, Are you experiencing pain? No, they're like,

[1569:57] Adele Best: Oh, I see the

[1570:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: calendar that's packed with Discovery calls clients. I wanted to pick your brain. I know exactly what that feels like. I've been there too. I remember hitting the point in my business where, on paper, I was a success. I was booked out. People told me I was crushing it. I was trading life for hour for dollars. I was exhausted. So again, you can modify this to match any of your stories or anything like that, yeah. So I stopped trying to sell more, and I started to fix how I sold.

[1577:36] Adele Best: But the kid, but the core thing here is about buying your freedom back by having, yeah, less higher ticket once.

[1579:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, this is totally based on the desired outcome. Everything's leading to that desire, even though it's also agitating the pain point. That's the freedom I want for you, imagine waking up to a spacious calendar. Mm, stop the madness. You're working too hard for this, sweet friend. Are you tired of playing small and you were created for more? Yeah, that's really good for a second. This is the sandy Krakowski style. Are you tired of pouring your heart and soul into clients living world class transformation only get paid pennies. See closely I've been there sitting in my office floor, tears streaming down. It's so funny. It literally sounds like how my mom talks. I was operating in fear, not faith. I was selling like a servant when I should have been positioned myself as a queen. But here's the good news, so good. You do not have a broken business or a broken model. God did not call you to burn out. He certainly didn't call you to be broke.

[1596:13] Adele Best: Oh, I love that. I love everything to do with this copy. Like, that's pretty good. Yeah, it's really that kind

[1597:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: of so much better where you're going, what you're going for here, yeah, yeah, yeah.

[1598:54] Adele Best: And then, based off the back of that, can I use that then to create the sales page? For the main offer, the upsell. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Copy the copy the tone, copy the flow.

[1602:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would just do this. Translate this into a $10,000 program sales copy for what we are selling on the back of it, okay, yeah, let's see it, brainstorm all this, yeah, Gemini, the outputs that we're getting from it are, like, what took us so much work back in the day to do now we're getting from like,

[1607:51] Adele Best: wow, one okay,

[1608:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: one output. So,

[1609:23] Adele Best: okay. So what I'm going to try to do is, I'm going to try to finesse, finesse this provider

[1610:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: to sovereign authority, the 12 week accelerator to build, launch and sell your 25k

[1611:42] Adele Best: off. This is good,

[1612:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Dear future authority. Okay, so again, what this is giving the vibe of is, what's her name? Jen. Her name, lib, something. Oh, I don't know her. Let me see what's her name.

[1625:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm going to find it just by

[1627:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: typing her name into Facebook

[1631:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: doesn't look like I'm finding it. There's a there's a marketer who markets kind of from that angle of, like, build authority stand up in your authority type angle, and I find that that works well, yeah.

[1635:37] Adele Best: So that's kind of the Jeremiah

[1636:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: direction I would go with this sales copy, because what you're doing is you're doing is you're elevating it above. Like, I'm going to give you some information to like, literally, we brought it to the life transformation,

[1639:33] Adele Best: yeah, what I'm going to try to do between and

[1640:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: then that elevates what you got to deliver to people too,

[1641:24] Adele Best: yes, which I want to do that I totally can. So what I want to do by next Monday is get is get that finesse and get it on. You got it? No, gotley, Tiffany, think I have heard of her I was talking about, yeah. Thank you so much.

[1646:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jeremiah, right here. Look so a lot of her offers. This is who you could also reverse engineered and understand kind of her branding and the way that she positions herself, and the and the marketing language, okay, that she uses.

[1651:41] Adele Best: Does she like sell courage to lead out loud, I'll see what her offers are.

[1653:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, bold visibility is the new influence in a world where attention drives impact, too many leaders are still hiding in plain sight.

[1656:33] Adele Best: So is she like a Visibility Coach?

[1657:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, but a lot of her offers that I've seen her advertise are specifically around building authority, okay, with your offer showing up as a powerful, bold version of yourself. And so those have been a lot of the lead magnets that I've actually seen her do.

[1662:27] Adele Best: Okay, that's where we can what she's selling off the back end. I'll have, I'll have a look

[1663:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: coaching, coaching, speaking. Let's see stage leaders.com this is about like as an eight week program on speaking from stage.

[1667:00] Adele Best: Well, I've spoken on loads of stages.

[1667:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know you actually, you actually, it's interesting. You, you really do have, like, if you kind of lean into that as sort of your branding, you got a lot

[1669:54] Adele Best: so because, because I was a pro life speaker, I've got loads of experience standing on a stage and speaking, so I actually do have an offer that I kind of have built six months ago around speaking. I could pull that out, yeah.

[1673:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, superhero confidence, yeah. So she's just running video B roll with text over them connections.

[1678:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, this is me calling out my former self's biggest issue on stage. For years, I thought I was waiting to be ready. Told myself to stop posting when my brand was more polished. So again, let's take some of her sales copy, and we're going to go over to Gemini.

[1684:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is what I do when I when I write ads as I as I find Okay, who is out there that is marketing a similar offer, rewrite this sales copy for my offer. So we're going to take her sales copy right here. We're going to rewrite it, calling on my former sales biggest issue on stage.

[1693:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Three rewrites for years. I told myself I was just preparing. I told myself I'd launched the high ticket offer when my website was perfect. I pitched the 25th contract when I felt ready, I'd step on stage on my confidence match. Let's be real. That's really good. That's hiding perfectionism is just procrastination in a tuxedo.

[1698:10] Adele Best: It looks a tuxedo. That's good, isn't it?

[1699:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: High Ticket clients don't buy perfect they buy certainty. Then when I stop waiting to be ready and took messy and perfect action. So yeah, so look, so we're able to kind of take her copy and sort of turn this into different ad angles that you can do. That's, that's what I like to do, is I like to look at, like, what are these different

[1704:38] Adele Best: so, so, so based on this, then like, what, what would the entry micro offer be? What would it be? What angle

[1706:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: would the one that you were, the one that we were just working on. Yeah, I'm just showing you what her offers are, the personal brand blueprint, proven framework for attracting the audience, converting them into loyal customers. So this is a book that she has right here that she's running an ad to. So which is interesting, this is all about attracting an audience, converting them to customers. But what is she selling? On the back end of it, she's actually selling a so idea of speaking from the stage for five grand, yeah, but the lead in offer is get more customers with your brand,

[1717:46] Adele Best: yeah, yeah. Because not totally related. It's not

[1718:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: totally related, but it's what people are looking for. They may not know that they want to be a speaker. So what she's doing is she's teaching me, well speaking is the way to grow your brand. Yes, yes, yes. She's connecting dot one to dot two.

[1722:08] Adele Best: Yes, yes, totally Yeah. Okay, cool. I'll do, I'll do more work on it this week then, but I want to have it. I want to have it all done on a funnel and a funnel done by the end of the year. So all I got to do is content and ads do it.

[1725:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: And what's, what's great is, again, see, this is the market research type of stuff that I love, that I love to do. Let's, let's just, let's just take a look real quick at like 20 other people in the market. Who are 20 other people in the Oh, actually, no, we're going to use Gemini for this watch, who are 20 other people in the market, like Jen Gottlieb and the offer above that I'm selling that are promoting offers like this, I can do market research on,

[1738:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: but then you just Reverse engineer and look at like all these you'll start to get the even the vibe of how to show up in your content more and things like that. Like by looking at, okay, how does Adele translate into these different types of brands and things like that? Let's see, oh, Kelly Roach, that's another one. Yup, she's another one. You know. Have you heard her?

[1746:41] Adele Best: I think I have. Yeah,

[1747:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So Kelly Roach is another one that you could kind of reverse engineer some of her, her branding, her coaching. Equip leaders to make an impact. I feel like this is kind of the vibe you're going for, too.

[1752:24] Adele Best: Is she like a Christian based? Did I see her say faith based?

[1753:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, might be, I'm not totally sure. Let's see rose Redford.

[1755:21] Adele Best: Well, I've heard of her. She's English, yeah, okay. I have not heard of her. She's English. She's from London. Her website's not working.

[1758:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Millionaire girl next door, you. So, yeah. So this is, again, great for market research. Just look at like, yeah, who else is out? Yeah, it's not that you're trying to copy these women. It's that it gives you a vision for kind of how to position brand.

[1764:25] Adele Best: And, yeah, it's more it's more important to find out what is selling,

[1765:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: structure, what? Yeah. And though, and they're selling, they're yeah, those are millionaires selling the type of offer to the type of people that you're trying to reach, yes. And so you can reverse engineer a lot of the work that they've already done,

[1769:22] Speaker 2: yeah, totally, and get

[1769:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: similar results exactly.

[1770:41] Adele Best: I just want a piece of their pie instead of trying to create something new from scratch.

[1771:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, well, and what will happen is it's going to turn into your own pie. Yeah, is what, is what it will do. Here's the other thing you have, what's called there's in the coaching world, there's a thing called new offer advantage. When you're a new on the scene, you got two advantages. When people haven't seen you as much, you're a new face in the scene with a fresh take on an office. People desire that. At the same time, you'll get a lot of the negative naysayers are like, well, who are you? But, like, they would never buy from you anyways. But like, everybody else is, like, there's some attractiveness to the fact that you're like, a

[1781:19] Adele Best: new offer, yeah. And I think if you can bring, like, a new perspective, or new a slightly different slant on something it's selling, then it's, it's kind of like, it's interesting. Yeah, don't want to sound like things that have all been sold before, but yeah, I'll do some more research, and I'll do some more great pizazzing of it.

[1787:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright? Hey, Shonda, what's going on? Thank you.

[1788:28] Shonda Whitworth: Hey, Jeremiah, I was playing around with Sora. It's my first time, and I'm, you know what you and we're talking with them. Adele, I can't figure it out. Will you show me like I was trying to recreate myself in the video like you walking on the beach. Will you demonstrate how to use Sora?

[1794:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did you use the app on your phone to make a cameo first?

[1795:35] Shonda Whitworth: No, I didn't. So what do I need to do? I got the heat running and my throat is getting dry. I'm sorry.

[1797:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, you're good. Um,

[1799:59] Shonda Whitworth: so you gotta use the I need to download the app and do something on the app first.

[1800:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you got to use the app. And you go to Edit cameo, and you actually record a video of yourself.

[1802:45] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, and so I download the app. So I need to put the app on my phone and record a video of myself first.

[1804:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, okay, so, and then all you do is you can just reference it has a little picture of you in the corner. There you reference it, and then you give it the prompt, and then it uses you in the video. Okay, so it's on the phone, not on the desktop, so I'm trying to use it on the computer. Well, once you, once you put your avatar into it on the phone, you can then use it on the computer.

[1811:50] Shonda Whitworth: Oh, okay, so that's why I wasn't able to recreate like I was

[1813:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: recreate myself in it. I was able to give it my avatar using the app in the phone, okay? And then I'm able to create these. And I was able to create some, like, other avatars. So like, yeah, the sandy created an avatar, and then she gave me access to use it as well. Okay, so we created these, like, different like, these are like, Black Friday video clips that we created.

[1820:53] Shonda Whitworth: So once you have your video in there that you upload, then it will create these other videos, like you walking on the beach, or you walking there on the street. Yep, you driving the sports car. I don't remember what it was, but

[1825:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: yes, yeah, so you just, but you got to load it up into here first,

[1826:34] Shonda Whitworth: okay, on the app. All right, that's that was some step I was missing. All right,

[1827:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll do that three additional characters too,

[1828:46] Shonda Whitworth: because I see that the AI apps are getting more views. Like I was looking through your reels. I didn't find Tiffany's yet, but she said one of hers got, like 1000 and so it seems like the AI reels are getting more views. And I think I was watching something the other day they were talking about on Instagram. People want to be entertained first before they will start paying attention to what you're offering generally. And so they want this entertainment value, yeah, and that's where Instagram is going. And they want more entertainment out of the video.

[1838:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, Yep, yeah, that's true. So, so yeah, get the app. And then that will let you put that in there to do that.

[1840:57] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, that's the step I'm missing. I appreciate that. Thank you. Yeah, you bet.

[1842:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, y'all Well, we've been here for almost two hours, so I'm going to let you go. I gotta call my wife, and she said to call her. She said, It's not urgent, but call me when you're done, which makes me think it's urgent, but it's funny, alright. Well, hey, we have our VIP call tomorrow, and then I will be in the Facebook group working with you. Post anything, sales, copy. Post stuff you're working on, I can help you inside the group. That's where I can give you the best interaction. Is in there, and then go through in the members area, take a look at again, the trainings, the Start Here section that'll help you get going. And any questions that you have, I'm here to help you work through those. Alright, we'll talk soon. Thanks. Good to see you. You too. Bye, Robin, bye.

