5 AI Image Hacks to BOOST Your Landing Page Conversions
Date: 2025-11-24T05:56:06.000Z
Duration: 18 min
Otter ID: K-xYQNbU9XhG8SvJakRMGJv9c-Y
---

[0:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: If you have created offers online, you know that having the right photo to match your landing page is often what makes or breaks the emotion and the connection that you make with people. If you have a lead magnet, if you have a free course, if you have a paid course, having photos on that landing page is one of the number one things that really adds spice to it. A lot of people don't know how to do that. They don't have great photos. They don't know how to illustrate things or do stuff like that. Well, the beauty is now with artificial intelligence, we have so much access to tools to create photos at our disposal, just between chat, GPT and grok alone, those two right there, the lifelike ability to create perfect images for any scene is incredible. And as well, if you use a tool like Higgs field, which I'm a big fan of using Higgs field, you can also do life like photos of yourself or things like that, do a digital photo shoot type of a thing. So I want to show you kind of how I would use this for different landing pages and offers that we have. I'm going to show you an example. We have an offer right now that I'm running. You can find a link in the description below for still running this at the time you're watching this video, to a $5 course all about Instagram ads. It's this $5 495 course on what to do when running Instagram ads. And I used AI to help me write the copy here. I The now, this is actually a real photo of me right there. This is an AI generated photo right here. But what I would like to do is possibly update a few of these different photographs. And so what I would do is, let's say I have no photos on this page. I want to take this section and this section right here, and what I'll do is I will go into chat GPT, and I'm going to say to chat GPT, let's just use instant for this. Describe a happy photo of a scene for a landing page with sales copy to go along with this of

[34:53] Speaker 1: the subject, the speaker, author, to match

[37:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: the sales copy for the landing page. Okay, so we're going to take the landing page copy, we're going to type that in there, and then we're actually going to have it create a description of a photo right here.

[41:18] Speaker 1: There we go. This is actually, this is great.

[42:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so now, if I take this into like Higgs field right here, I can go under, create an image, paste this in here, this description, generate, maybe I'll generate two versions of this, and it's going to generate this for me. Now, actually have an AI that's trained in Higgs field on my photos that I can actually see this. And so like right here, Higgs field has so many different tools for video and image creation. It's probably one of the best all in one tools for the price. It just gives you so much amazing different tools, and it's one of the easiest to use, one of the best price as far as just lots of crazy image and video type things, but they have this thing called

[55:25] Speaker 1: Higgs field soul.

[56:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: And Higgs field soul allows you to create characters. It's like, we have one for my mom right here, but we have this one for me right here. And so to create a character, you have to basically upload photos, up to 20 photos that fit this style into here, and their AI will then go in and create a character that you can use to generate images. And it's very fast at generating these images. So, like, it's going to generate these images right here, it's going to create these and, you know what's another thing too, is we could actually generate this. Let's see, generate this image and generate an image right here.

[69:29] Speaker 1: Okay, and see what this generates with grok

[71:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: for an image generation right there. Okay, so there's an image right there. If we use grok, imagine we could see multiple versions of these images right here. I'm it

[77:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay? So this is actually, this is great. This is doing that. That's what the grok algorithm is doing. Now that's a woman. Let's. If we do this, make this a man, okay? So we can make it a man right here, and then bring this into Higgs field. So, like, here's what it generated for me inside of Higgs field. Now the body doesn't necessarily match, but the the face is pretty good. So then what I would do is I might throw a few of these in here, and I'm going to change that. I say, add a white backwards baseball cap, make the guy

[89:02] Speaker 1: a bit larger, just to make it realistic.

[91:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: And add glasses. So I might generate a couple versions of this with, with, with that description as well. Okay, so here's one with, with a man right here. If I wanted it to like, look like one of these images right here, I could just literally paste this into Higgs field and upload an image as the prompt. So let me say, like this is right here. Okay, so we're going to download that, save that to the computer. I'm going to upload this image, and it's going to make a version of that image, but with me as the character that looks just like that image. Here's another version, right here. This is what chat GBT created. This one's actually probably the best style of a stock image, though, I would say. And that's actually a lot closer to what I would even prefer. Oh, look, I can just copy and paste the image in here. That's great. I needed to upload it. This is like the more of the layout that I would even prefer if we could create for my image, and then I can just add the, I guess I have the backward baseball cap and all that into this. So let's see what this does for this. Okay, so these are just tools that I love to use to generate stock images. You can make an image of anybody using a combo like chat, GBT and grok to either come up with the style, the theme, describe it. You can make images of yourself using Higgs field. You can make realistic images of a random person in Higgs field. All right,

[117:28] Speaker 1: let's see what this generates. We go,

[118:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, that one actually does look a lot more like me right there. If I was to use that one, that might, that might be a style that I might use. This one's pretty good. That one's pretty good. I like that. Okay, now what I want to see is, I want to see how it was able to translate those other photos that we uploaded. Okay, so there's that one right there. Let's see make the guy a bit larger, white, backwards baseball cap and glasses on. It's just gonna, it's just gonna look more like me

[131:04] Speaker 1: if we do that, you know. So there we go, different versions,

[133:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: right here. So, like, with the baseball cap and the the photo, it's not gonna be perfect, but it's gonna get to where it's, like, close enough. These are funny. It's like, it threw my face onto the guy to kind of make that so anyways, that's what you can do for things like that. If you wanted to generate, like, just a photo for, like, for a scene or something like that, let's say I want to have, okay, describe a photo for this part of the landing page with two business owners. Let's do this. Let's describe, like another photo. Here's a description and like the what you discover section.

[148:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Go, Cool. Okay, let's throw this into grok, imagine and see what this generates right here. I love rock imagine, because it's just so quick at generating these images. And I can tell chat, GPT generate this image for me.

[153:58] Speaker 1: And I'll even throw in like, Create Image Mode. Hey, there's grok.

[156:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: They look a little too intimate in that one right there. Yeah, these, these look like, how would I say if they're not married? These are like, HR, how to get in trouble at the workplace. Type images. He's like, dating photos, how to date your coworker. Like, isn't that the vibe that's That's hilarious. Make it look less intimate, like they are dating, and have them look into the camera. That's funny. It's almost there, but yeah, that definitely is like, oh, like, you want to go out for drinks and dinner afterwards? Like, yeah, definitely, okay, these are looking a little bit better. It's still good. It's like, find somebody who looks at you like she's looking at the character, right there. That's so funny.

[171:07] Speaker 1: This one's pretty good, right here.

[172:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: This style, if you don't want like suits, you know, you could even use this style make them more casual and look at the camera. So that's why I like grok. Imagine, because it kind of lets you, like, really play around and branch through different ideas

[179:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: and things like that. So, yeah, not perfect, but there's some ideas. Okay, this is, see, this is better,

[181:39] Speaker 1: something like this,

[182:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: just kind of like describing that. Let's say we threw something into Higgs field and we told it to just generate an image like these characters. That's another thing that we can do. We can just generate an image like the characters that we're using. It's in Higgs field. And these are just like different ways of coming up with stock images. You could brainstorm different scenes and things like this. Let's see looks a bit too much like a workplace dating, dating photo. Let's stick to business. Remake the prompt. Let's try that. Okay? So like you could argue that the prompt isn't exactly what we're looking for, and then start to regenerate the images that first set from grok man was, that was a

[200:02] Speaker 1: HR is gonna they're gonna get called into HR for those For sure. Let me see. Sorry. Phone's not on silent, all right, so it's generating those new images right there. This is generating image. And rock is up. Brock decided to I'm

[209:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, you know what? Yes, the thing with grok is it's not going to take an image as input. It's going to

[212:18] Speaker 1: try to just make it a video. That's right, all right. Let's see what hinksfield was able to kind of take the chat GBT one and do

[215:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: so anyways, for like, a landing page like this, I, you know, I think I might update my character right here, my my people right here. I mean, they look, they look. That's a good, very like realistic. This is kind of the vibe I was more going for but so these are all images that I could put on this landing page right here that better tell the story of what the offer is overall. And so if you're creating a landing page you're creating offers, and you don't have stock images or things like that. Using tools like this is really useful. There's another tool I love called Poe. It's $20 a month. I use it for everything. And they have all kinds of bots and things like that that you can use image generation bots, every like tons of different image generation algorithms, video generation bots, things like that, that you could also use in there. So if you are somebody who is building your business, you want to know how to have the right image for maybe your social media content, your landing page, your ads, your offers, things like that, utilizing chat, GBT, grok, I would say those are probably the two best ones that I use for images like, like, photographic type images, Higgs, field for you know, the use case of, like, realistic photos of you type of a thing you can't. Go wrong, and you can get all your images knocked out in less than 30 minutes, even less than 15 minutes for any landing page. So if you're struggling to know, like, what image you have or what to do, you can do that. Okay. The other thing too is you could even change the style, like, let's say we go into grok right here. We'll go into imagine. We're gonna do, here's an image right here. We're gonna say, now make this in exaggerated CGI characters, like a Pixar movie. Okay? So this is this would like change the style to, like a Pixar movie type thing. If you want to have sort of more of, like a fun

[252:59] Speaker 1: feel or theme to your images, you could do this as well. See that these are actually great. These are really cool. I

[257:28] Speaker 1: that's kind of awkward how it did how it did that, but,

[258:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so again, really cool kind of ways of doing this. There's unlimited potential when it comes to the types of images that you can come up with, and the free version of grok can do this so can chat GBT, but I think it's worth the investment as well. And then Higgs field is just really cool. It kind of come up with stuff like this. Oh, here we go. Oh, the Higgs field images actually came out really nice as far as, like the the setting and the quality and all that, how it was able to kind of go in and really hone in on the the type of people. So it was able to, like, really come up with a great type of photo for this. These are actually really quality right here as well. This is awesome. So yeah, see, you see the value of Higgs field as far as quality photographs as well. You can't go wrong with that. Listen, if you're wanting to grow your coaching business, mentoring business, my wealthy coach Academy program is one of the best programs that's out there for building an online coaching, mentoring business, and so I'd love to have you become a part of it. I have a brand new class all about Instagram ads. It's in the description below. You can check that out, and that will help you get into our program as well. Quickly, I'd love to work with you. We'll talk with you soon. Have a good one. Make sure you subscribe. You.

