WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-05-05T21:40:20.000Z
Duration: 121 min
Otter ID: Ba4bnj4C9L_Qw2JxuwfupUtX-2M
---

[0:37] Speaker 0: Alrighty, go, go into the live stream. Hello, hello, hello. How are you? I'm good. How are you? We're doing excellent today, our little baby. He started talking,

[7:36] Speaker 1: oh, what does he say,

[8:02] Speaker 0: Mama? And of course, Baba. Well,

[9:04] Speaker 1: dad does. I think dad does an easy word.

[9:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: He says, Baba and Mama, yeah,

[10:22] Speaker 1: I feel like, with my boys, like Dad, I was easier than mama, yeah, even though, like, Mama is usually kind of preferred, like

[13:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: my wife said that she'd make sure that he says mama before dad asked. So, oh well, it was like a funny competition thing, yeah, what? Lot of people don't know her, her, her personality. She's super competitive. So she loves that.

[18:17] Speaker 0: That's cool. Yeah,

[19:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: she says, I'm more the tender hearted one of the two of us.

[19:52] Speaker 3: Oh,

[20:54] Speaker 4: hello, Tiffany.

[21:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, Tiffany, how are you? You

[22:00] Tiffany Quinones: know, I am doing well. I just posted a celebration in the group.

[23:14] Speaker 0: Celebrate good times. Come on,

[24:16] Tiffany Quinones: but I'll share it here. Yeah, you recommended to watch the launching. Promoting training was one of the last trainings in the six figure launch thing that you have, yeah, so I did, I did that yesterday, and I was like, That's it. That's simple. Maybe I should, very simple. Maybe I should get some peppermint oil as well. But so what I did was I copied, because you allow us to do this, I copied the transcript, yes. And I went into chat GPT, please don't ask me what prompts exactly I used, but I asked it to extract for me what I needed. Told it to be very simple. And would you believe it that it created what's called angles on how to promote the three things that I have, the three leads, whatever. And I started, I implemented that today on three different platforms. And so there you go. It works. I'm like, it's that simple. I was stuck in the belief of other people's the way of other people's things too. Which is why I was like, why? What? How is it so easy for people to say, to stick on one thing, what? What is this? I couldn't figure it out until yesterday. So

[45:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: there you go. That's awesome. It works. Great job there.

[46:26] Tiffany Quinones: Thank you. I feel more confident, too.

[47:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Well, today is our live training day tomorrow as well. I'm launching my new VIP program, so that'll be really fun. Officially, like, the group calls will start probably two weeks from tomorrow, but we'll open the doors to that, and I'm going to probably just have, like, a limited, limited enrollment in it for that time. Let me go live in the group here before we move forward,

[56:28] Speaker 0: going live in the group, live video, okay, oh, press the wrong button again. There we go. Go Live.

[61:27] Speaker 0: Oh, come on Facebook. Okay, live training, May 5, 2025 bring us on zoom here. So I do that, and then I press zoom, invite, oh, man, there we go, streaming key, go live. And

[69:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: is it working? It's working. Okay, cool, awesome. So anyways, what I was mentioning was that tomorrow I'm just putting like, the finishing touches on this. I announced it to the group. I sent an email out to everybody, so you all know know about it, but I have this VIP basically, it's called a one on one experience. So it's private one on one boxer coaching with me, so you can send one on one messages anytime. 24/7, there'll be a VIP group chat. We'll meet every other week in a zoom call you. Um, it'll be a different day, or probably be on Tuesdays than the accelerator call. It includes access to the wealthy coach Academy. So it's included in it, um, if you want to buy one on one zoom sessions. So here's the difference between what I've done with one on one before, is it does not include, like, a bunch of one on one calls with me. And so the reason that's why it's a lot more affordable than I've ever offered before, I'll you'll know the price tomorrow. And it also includes master reseller rights to a bunch of my courses. And you can request courses as well for that. If you want to resell them, we'll, we'll give you access to those and lifetime access to all of my courses that I've made. Those are yours to keep, as well as a part of this offer. So that goes live on tomorrow. And I think there's a lot of you that are going to be really you're going to get a lot of benefit from this, more so than just being here in this group, getting that one on one interaction, that one on one engagement with me, is going to help you tremendously with that. Now what I want to talk about today is, today is our live training here in this group. And again, that program is not a replacement for this one right here. This one is just we're as we scale and grow this. I've always had this kind of vision for it. And by the way, I'd recommend you do the same thing for your coaching as you have a group container where you bring in as many people as possible, and then you have a more exclusive container that gives people more access to you. It's a higher priced but gives people more access to you to be able to solve very specific problems. So the group container is great, and that's what this is. And I know you guys get a lot of value out of it, but I think that there's even way more value that's going to come out of this. And I know that that one on one, me working with you every day to get stuff going is going to be a game changer for you. So what I want to go over here today is kind of three parts. It has to do with your

[116:49] Speaker 0: your offers,

[117:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: your how we structure the offer, how it's built out, as well as our beliefs and mindset and kind of how all those come together. So one of the things is, is, have you ever had in your life where you have an idea for what you want to do in your business, you have an idea for your offer, you have an idea for your coaching program, and you're struggling to kind of get it out there. How many of you have experienced this? I know, personally, me, I have, and it's gotten to where I have a lot of empathy for this and understanding for this, because having two kids, I feel like before I had the two kids, it was just me and Abigail, and I could just crank stuff out like crazy, super fast, launching everything super quickly, not struggling to stall, like, like, no excuses, whatever. And now I feel like I understand why we come up with all these reasons why we're not ready to put things out there. Our schedule doesn't allow it things like that. And so what I've had to do is I would develop a framework for my life over the last six months that has allowed me to be able to launch a VIP program like this, to be able to get the kind of clients that I want to be able to to do that, by the way, that, like I mentioned, that new client that we're working with last week, we just closed a very high ticket six figure package last week with this, with this brand new client. Um, I don't know if I'm going to mention who it is, right now, she's rather famous. She's been on some really popular TV shows, and so I'll probably, I think I'm going to keep that private for now, till we kind of maybe get some stuff going a little bit deeper. But she has over a million followers. She makes an organic post on social media and gets over a million likes on her organic but business wise, she's not really done much with the courses and coaching. And so that's why I'm coming in to being able to do that. Well, what allows me to be able to serve a client at that level, serve you guys over here, build up my offers, be a parent to my kids. And by the way, I want to like talk about that. I want to talk about what my schedule looks like. What does my schedule look like I usually wake up around. 630 I wake I wake up. Similarly. Mark Zuckerberg was just on a podcast with Theo Vaughn. It was hilarious to watch, because Theo is just hilarious. But he was like, he was like, So when do you wake up, Mark? And Mark was like, Oh, when I hear the kids getting up, that's exactly what I do, too. When I hear the kids getting up, I hear I hear them and all that. That's when I wake up. So we wake up our alarm clock is the kids basically like, like, that's that's what parents end up doing. And so what I'll do is like, I'll do that. And then my day goes till about 10 o'clock. So it's about four hours with with Abigail, with the kids. I spend the whole morning with them till about 10 o'clock, and then I start my work day around 10 o'clock. Um, maybe work for like an hour, hour and a half, then I will have lunch. Um, usually, then I'll take a shower, and I might scroll social media, look at some stuff that I'm doing. Then if I have a coaching call, I'll do that maybe around one o'clock. Or if I have to write some emails, if I have to do that, between like one and three o'clock every day, is where I am, either client calls, writing emails, doing marketing stuff, as far as that goes. And then some days are different. I'll usually, I'm usually taking probably about one day off each week, during the week, in the middle of the week, entirely off from work. So we end up kind of booking meetings, appointments, things outside of the house, stuff like that, with people that are unrelated to business, that are family related. Maybe we're going to go meet up with, you know, we're going to go meet up with my mom this week. We got, actually, a lot of stuff this week going on. We got appointments and stuff like that. So each day is probably going to be cut in half as far as this goes. So I'm working maybe four days a week, for about two to three hours each day. So that's between eight and 12, maybe 15 hours of consistent working time. When I say that's how much I'm working, it's still like four days, because I take the weekends off, I take Saturday and Sunday off. That's complete go dark, family time, and that's what my working time looks like. And I've had to figure out, okay, how do I structure everything inside of that? Some of you can relate to this because you have a job, or you have other clients that you have to work with, or you have other things that you're doing, and so if I can do it now, with my schedule, with what I have going on, I really feel like you can figure out, we can figure out for you how you can fit your time and your life to being successful with This stuff. And so that's why evergreen offers are so valuable and important because the Evergreen offer allows you to build trust with people, to prospect leads, to get more clients to have the kind of impact that you want to have. And I want you to separate two things in your mind. Okay, this is a very important thing that I want you to get from the mindset perspective. Okay, there is a version of building your business that you will hear out there in social media land that's considered best, right? Probably looks like you working 12 hours a day, never sleeping. Well, sleep is starting to become a priority to people now, so let's add sleep in there, right? But like, you know, you just grind and like, you work seven days a week and do that, and that's the best for your business. And then you have the reality of your life, which is very personal, and you're like, Okay, I got all this stuff going on. I got this, this and that, and I don't want to burn myself out over here. So let's, let's, let's just say that burnout isn't an option. And so what does that look like? Well, that still might not fit into your schedule that you have. And so when it comes to building your business, you look at it and you say, how is it possible for me to make all of this happen with this amount of time? Now, flip side to this, there's a best way to interact with clients, right? Think about this, and this is where we start really addressing the core root issues that I think stop us from being successful. In my mind, if you're anyone like me, and I know we attract our tribe, I think. Think that every client that I have has a little bit of a similarity to me in some way, and so in my way of doing things, and that's why you're drawn or attracted to what to what I'm doing. If you're anything like me, you want to serve people on the highest level possible. You want to produce results for people, and you want to deliver the best quality service offer and coaching to people. But can I tell you this, if you're anything like me as well, I would bet that your brain defines that in a way that is impossible, because if I look at the best way to serve my clients, it fits into a framework that I could never fulfill with the lifestyle that I have, with the life that I want to live, and I start getting disappointed and upset and frustrated with the fact that I can't, quote, unquote, be there the way that all of my clients want or expect, or what I should be doing with serving my clients, and we end up saying, well, if only I could just spend more time with these people, or if only I could be live 24/7 remember I had mentioned there was a version of my life in business before I had the two kids with one kid, I was able to do it when the second one came on the scene. And really it started when my wife told me she was pregnant. My brain went into overdrive, planning, thinking of how in the world am I going to build this business

[264:52] Speaker 0: with two kids? I knew

[266:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: in my core that the way that I had structured, building my business was never going to work. I was doing a webinar every weekend. On Saturday, I was hosting live five day challenges once a month, I was creating all of this content, and everything was on demand. Everything was taking my time to do so, and I had to make a shift, and I had to make a change, to say, alright, if I only gave myself 10 to 15 hours a week to build my business. What would I get done in that time? And how can I make that happen? And I found myself coming face to face with things inside of myself that I didn't know that were affecting me, beliefs that I had, limiting beliefs, fears, worries, doubts, insecurities, constantly being worried that I was under serving people, constantly being concerned that I wasn't there enough for my family. And the fear and the worry were dominating my life. This was a lot of 2024 this is a lot of last year I was showing up in my business. I had the baseline of how I was showing up serving clients, but at my core, anxiety was really running everything that I was doing, and I didn't feel safe to do any of the stuff that I needed to do in my business, and I hit what I consider a secondary version of like a rock bottom in my business. And now today, I can tell you, things are flowing. Things are working better. Now again, rock bottom in my business. I'll tell you this, it is still me earning an exceptional seven figure income, but the amount of time that I had, I lost clients. I had a lot of angry people. I had a lot of high level clients that told me that they didn't want to work with me last year because of this shift that happened, because I was no longer available. 24/7, for people the way that I was giving myself before I had the two kids. And so I had to realize, okay, in my sales and marketing, in my building my business, in my serving my clients, there's a best way to do things, and it's a square peg that doesn't fit into the round hole of the life that I want to live. And that was, that was the that was the existential crisis that I ran into last year. It was powerful. Some of you could think back to maybe observing me over the last year and think, okay, that makes sense. That's why a lot of these moves were made. That's why certain maybe decisions were but at the core, I would say, a lot of it was just fear and worry and procrastination combined with perfectionism, were keeping me from taking action. That perfectionism that need for it all to be perfect. Well, if I'm going to shift things over from this square peg to this round hole, the square peg worked when I had a. Square hole, but now I have a round hole, and I have to figure out how to fit everything into that. And I had to whittle it down and figure out and adjust things and change stuff, change who I was from the core. I had to reinvent myself in a big way, I had to figure out, okay, what are the things that are sabotaging my life, that are sabotaging my business, that are stopping me, and why do I feel so overwhelmed to be able to do this? And what I ended up coming to the grips of is, number one, I was trying way too hard

[331:30] Speaker 0: to be original

[332:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: all the time with my ideas, I put on this pedestal that I was so original and and not a copy of anybody else, that nothing I talk about was inspired by anybody, even if I was using AI, it was I was not getting any ideas from the AI. And what I was talking about, I wasn't taking any ideas from what I've seen other people do. So originality was a big thing. The amount of time that it was taking me on that was huge. The other side of it was that for my marketing, the personal touch, I was amplifying personal touch above everything else where, if I can show up personally with you in my marketing, I can close a sale, which means if I wasn't showing up personally with you, the sales wouldn't come in. And I had to figure out, why is this? What's the difference? What's happening here? What am I not doing if I'm if I do things Evergreen? And so I had to literally reinvent all of my marketing, all of my processes, all of how I show up and then fit them into this life that I have. And what you see today, what I've been teaching over the last 12 months here in this group, I started teaching a lot of this right around June or July of last year, and what I've been doing is the result of reinventing everything that I'm doing in my business, working with mentors, working through this and saying, Okay, what's more important to me today is to design my life the way that I want to, and then get the results in my business that fit into that version of my life. So here's what I here's what I want to encourage you with in your marketing. You may have a version of how you want to do things. Maybe it's your pricing. Maybe it's your beliefs about money. Maybe it's imposter syndrome. Maybe it's how you do things, as far as your morning routines. Maybe it's your your habits. Maybe it has to do with how you do your funnels, your landing pages, your offers. I want you, if you're not making the progress that you want to make, I want you to take a step back and and really think about what is the life that I want to live. And I want you to become okay with something that's very powerful. Remember, I mentioned the best way, right the right way to do things. How many of y'all want to do things the right way in your business? Can I tell you this? The right way is what's right for you. It's right for you, and it might not be right for everybody else. And having me as a mentor in your corner can help you figure out what fits into that. This new client that I just got, like I said, she is kind of a celebrity. She the first thing she told me is like, I want to build this business, but I want my lifestyle to where I only work two hours a day. I don't want to have to have to work more than that at all. And I told her, that's great, because literally, I'm all about that, and I'm probably one of the first people that you're going to find that's going to focus on that, because your genius is going to show up in that place. Some people may call this a lazy approach. There's a there's a there's a marketer that I love I'm actually going to, I'm actually going to pull up her, her offer here for you, um, her, she calls herself the lazy millionaire. Why does she call herself the lazy millionaire? Because it's all about working for more money and making less. So this is her right here, the lazy millionaire. And so it's all about, how do you make eight figures while legitimately like never missing your noon Pilates class. That's her whole her whole thing is like, how to never miss the stuff that you want to do in your life. And I think that that's important as I want you to first look at what's the stuff that you want to do in your life. Uh, how do you want to structure your your life? What are the things that you want to make sure of? I'll tell you for the longest time, and I've shifted this a little bit. Uh, playing video games during my workday was a big part of what I wanted to do with my life. Now I've shifted that playing with my kids is the number one thing every day I want to spend time with them. I'm not playing as many video games anymore. I probably might play a little bit with Halston here and there, where you can like pet Pikachu on the screen and stuff like that, and then maybe something on my phone at night, a little bit like that. But I'm not as much as I was before. I've literally reinvented who I was to fit into the version of my life that I want to have. And so we have this idea of the right way to do things, the right version of how to market my business, the right version of what I should be doing every single day, and we end up shoulding not the other sh word, shoulding ourselves out of having the kind of life that we want. So I want you to prioritize separate from all the stuff that you should be doing. What do you want your life to look like? If you could map out the mornings, the afternoons, the evenings, my evenings, I finish work around three or 4pm I spend time with the kids till they go down around eight or nine, usually, maybe I might go swimming with Halston. I might he, he loves taking baths, so there's a bath time in there, usually once a day as well. And we're just playing. We're having fun. We're doing that. We get the kids down. Then for about two hours, I listen to podcasts, I listen to audiobooks, and I'm cleaning the house up. You've ever, if you've ever had toddlers, you know how quickly they can literally take everything off the shelves and just you got the whole house organized, and then, literally, the net, like the next day, it looks like World War Two hit. So every evening, I spend time cleaning up all the dishes I've like my wife, she she can, she loves cooking, and I do all the dishes while I listen to podcasts or personal development or things like that, and then I go to bed, and then I do the same thing each day, and that's what my days look like. That's where I might come up with ideas too for my content. So if I come up with a business idea while I'm cleaning or picking the house up I'll open up my recorder on my phone, I'll record it, and then I can process it the next day with AI, or I'll process it for a little bit in the evening. And that's the life right now, while raising kids that I've wanted to be able to go do stuff on the weekends, to be able to pick any day of the week I could take off, literally, I could just take off any day of the week that I want to and go do whatever I want to that day with the family. And if, if, if I want to take some time during the day to spend with the kids, I can do that. I've been able to design my life to create peace in our household. And what initially happened was I noticed, okay, I'm struggling to market my business. I'm struggling by designing my life. See it started by me first living that life right there, and I had to detach the disappointment internally from it. So part of it was when I started structuring my life in that way, I started feeling disappointed in myself. There was a part of me that was like, You're not doing what you should, both in your business and with your family. You should be doing this. You should be working more hours. You should be spending more time with them. You should be spending more time with your clients. And literally, I had to figure out that, you know what? Those are just parts of me that need to be heard and listened to and appreciated, but that they don't have to run the show anymore, and that now I've gotten to where as of today, there's an alignment internally, inside of me of what is the life that I'm living? What does that look like every day? And by the way, it probably doesn't look like the most optimized business schedule at all, but it is something that is optimized for me, creating the most wealth for my family, and being there to see my kids grow up, not just being there, but being active, being engaged, because there's a difference between being there and sitting on my phone working and really being engaged with them, having my eyes on the kids, listening to everything that they're saying,

[479:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: playing with them. Having a tea party for an hour with Halston, because he just got this new toy tea set that he's obsessed with. I did that yesterday. I'll probably have another one today, and literally being able to help my kids develop in that way. We we constantly hear from people that they're that they're like, wow, like they act a lot older than they, than they, than they are. We're like, well, it might be because we, my wife and I literally spend a lot of time with them in that, in that sense, we don't treat them like little babies either. We're training them like they're like, they're kids to grow up that way. That's a whole other side note on on parenting, but I had to structure my business to fit into that. And so what I want you to think about is this, what's the vision for your life? Because that's where it's going to start first, and then, how can we build our business for the next six months? Because it might change in six months, but I know what I have right now for my business is going to sustain me through the next six to 12 months of my life. It's going to absolutely sustain me for the next six to 12 months to be able to build everything, to be able to serve clients. I'm actually taking on even more, higher level consulting clients. I I'm opening up the ability to do that each client is is six figures, $8,000 a month. I want to take on maybe two, two or three more this year at $8,000 a month to be able to do this. That's what this new client, this celebrity client, just hired me at, was at that level. And so the idea is I'm able to help with the ad their advertising campaigns, and their marketing and all of that. But I want to take these on to help sharpen my skills, because I'm building, we're we're launching this new VIP program that I mentioned to you. So there's an aspect of that I'm marketing my business. I'm serving this community right here. And like I said, a year ago, I had, I actually had, over a year ago, a vision of what my business looks like today. And then my wife got pregnant with our second son, and I was like, my goodness, I cannot make this happen. I had to reinvent because I knew exactly what my business would look like, but I didn't know how to fit it in. And I'll tell you it was, it was growing personally that I had to do. I had to solve the internal problems that I was dealing with to be able to do that. So in that that's why evergreen business is so important. That's why building something that I can take two days off and it's not going to blow up in a negative way is important. I can take two days with my family, and I'll tell you all this like I've told you my schedule in our in our VIP program for my high level clients, it comes with an understanding of what my schedule looks like. So like it. You know, I might respond to you within two hours, you might not hear from me till the next day. It might, if it's on the weekend, you probably won't hear back from me till Monday on that. And so with that, like, it's just, it's just knowing that that's a part of it, and and me being very transparent with everybody that I'm working with, that this is the life that I'm living right now. And I know that there are certain clients like that's not okay with them, and they're not okay with that, and they might have some harsh judgment for how I'm doing that. I've received some very harsh criticism about how I'm not serving my family because I'm choosing the easy route, quote, unquote, whatever. No, this is a much harder route, trust me, I promise you that, because I'm choosing to create the life that I want for my family, because I refuse to let my business become a priority over being there for my kids, I refuse that. And so what this looks like is, when we're marketing in our business, we have to come to peace with and find safety in what is that structure? So a year ago, I didn't feel safe with this structure. Like I said. I had a lot of the negative criticism. I had some very high level clients sit me down and try to mentor me. It's very weird when you have a client try to mentor you on how you should be building your own company. Again, sometimes I work with people that are more wealthy than I am in some ways, and so they might feel like they have a place to do that, but you gotta choose to say, okay, you know what? I don't gotta take every good idea, every opinion, I'm building my life for what fits for me and my family. And I want you to, like, sit with that, and I want you to figure out. Where does the anxiety come from in that equation? Where am I uncomfortable with that thought? Because I want you to sit with the discomfort a little bit. I want you to start to become very familiar with where that's uncomfortable. I want you to think about right now. I want you to do this, if you're listening or take some time. What is the life that I want to live? What is the vision for my family? How am I taking care of business, and what makes me feel uncomfortable with doing that, that I know that my current life doesn't fit into then that's where we go to work, problem solving. And then that's where an evergreen strategy makes sense. Because what you can do is you can figure out, okay, within the boundaries of the time that I have available, how can I reach the most people? Well, I'll tell you, pre recorded video content is the number one way to reach people, and writing emails to those people is the number one way to reach people without you having to be there alive on everything. So I made a YouTube strategy be very important, okay, YouTube making sure that I'm posting YouTube videos at least once or twice a week. And by the way, I'll tell you, over the last month, I've neglected to do this. That's okay. I'm okay with that, because I can ebb and flow. I spent a lot of time over the last six months really dialing in a lot of my YouTube videos. I've taken maybe the last month or so off of doing as many YouTube videos. But I'm adding that now. It back into the equation. I'm adding that back into the formula. And this is the other part of it. Sometimes, as you're building your life formula, as you're building this version of your life, you might have to neglect certain things in your business, neglect posting as much on YouTube, posting as much every day on the social media, and focus on what has the most impact right now? I think so often we have it built in up in our our heads, the right way to do things. Well, the right way. Would never neglect those things. And we're so hard and harsh on ourselves, telling ourselves that we must do all of these things, when, in fact, who makes those rules? Those are arbitrary rules that maybe we've come up with. Maybe it's because we have fear and worry that if I don't do those things, things won't work out. Often times, that's what it is. It's Our fear and our worry that's actually making us feel like, okay, if I don't do all this stuff, I might not make the kind of money that I want to make. And then we get all amped up and built up to anxiety in our lives, when, in fact, really what matters is a few simple things. We got video content. We can have recorded webinars. These are pre recorded that people can have access to. We have emails. Use AI to come up with all your ideas for your content. AI content strategy, by the way, we're starting a brand new course this week, all about content creation. I just got the design from our team for this new course that's going into the members area. The name of the course is effortless online content creation, and I called it that because that the term effortless is really important. I want it to be effortless, and I want you to create exceptional content that impacts people. By the way, everything I'm talking about is related to content. YouTube is content, emails are content, webinars are content. And so being able to come up with a strategy to where this becomes effortless, an effortless six and seven figure coaching business kind of kind of ties back into what I mentioned. Remember that that gal, she's branded herself as the lazy millionaire, her her her website's lazy millionaire.co

[635:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: lazy. That's what people might call it. It's the lazy social club right here. And I've, by the way, I've followed this gal for like, six or seven years. She started by actually teaching. She was a health coach that. Nutrition. And so she used to call herself it was rebel nutrition, because she was, like, she would, she was the rebel with nutrition. And now her whole thing is like, Okay, how do you live the most pampered, lazy life and make millions? And she's developed this offer with her community for for a while with that. And so, like, I'm like, I don't know if I would use the word lazy, because my life doesn't really fit into the term lazy as much, because having kids is a lot of work. But what about effortless? What about doing it in a way that doesn't take as much effort, that fits into the version of your life that you want, that's thriving? You're thriving in all aspects of your business, in life. And so what that is, is it's utilizing a content strategy where the way that you impact people is by recording yourself on video, by recording your all your marketing being a combination of AI content ideas, utilizing pre recorded webinars and pre recorded YouTube videos to actually build that trust and connection with people, and Then looping it back using emails and Instagram ads to loop people back into your ecosystem, to become your client, and then in your coaching program itself, you figure out a baseline structure of what you do in your coaching I show up one day a week with My clients, like we do here throughout the week, I'll log into the group. I'll see if anybody's made a post in the group on my social media. I record one lesson of a new course every week, one lesson. Remember I used to do two lessons, right? I changed that. I had to eliminate. We used to do a copywriting call. I eliminated the copywriting call because now we'll just do that on our Mondays here. So I had to structure and design my program to fit into the version of my life. I was afraid that people would be disappointed, that they would feel like they're getting less value. What I found was actually by pulling back a lot of the stuff that I was doing, people weren't as overwhelmed that I was actually able to serve my clients better, that I was actually able to show up better than I was even a year ago, with more focus, with better strategy, with better clarity, I utilize An AI strategy that that allows me to know what to teach on with my clients, like what I'm talking about here today, with you right now, I spent about 30 minutes before I hopped on zoom here. I took the transcript. This is part of my workflow every week, by the way, I took the transcript of what we talked about the last three weeks, what the questions were that were asked, and then I went through with AI, and I figured out what to talk about here today. I should build that into an app, by the way, as well. I'm coming up with, I got two app ideas I'm playing around with that I'm working on. One of them is going to be really, is really fun. It's a it's Well, I'm not going to tell you what it is, but when I launch it, I'll let you know that. Again, I got these ideas. I've been procrastinating on launching these app ideas, but I've been telling you I'm going to launch them. So again, I'm not perfect at all this, but I'm figuring out, how do I fit the life and the business that I want into the version of my of my life that I have using AI to come up with, up with, okay, what are the key aspects that I talk about with my clients each week? What are the questions that are being asked? What are the things that are going to move the needle for them the most? And I think one of the biggest things that stops us from being successful is we have, again, a version of, okay, here's the best version. Here's what I should be doing, right? We'll put that up here. Should

[706:52] Speaker 0: the right way, alright?

[707:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then this is my version, which is this fits into my lifestyle better. This takes as little time as possible to accomplish. This takes as as few things that I have to do every single week

[714:12] Speaker 0: to get going. I

[715:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a version that you might hear from gurus and mentors and everybody on social media, but well, you need to, and should be doing all this. And by the way, you might not even need to blame anybody for this one. You internally. Let's take some responsibility here. You internally. You. Might feel the obligation to yourself, your clients, your standards, your spirit of excellence, to show up in a certain way. That takes a lot of effort to do, and if you can learn to reinvent what does my version of the best business look like? What does my version of meeting people where they're at and optimizing that as best as possible look like? And I'll tell you, I I've given you a blueprint right here that I think everybody can do. I think no matter how much time you have in the week, you can figure out how to fit in the time to record a YouTube video, right? Let's make it. Let's make a bullet point list of this. Let's actually map this out together. Okay, we're gonna, we're gonna map out the essentials each week, of what, of what we're gonna do, I'm gonna, I'm gonna share my screen, and we're gonna pull this up. Okay, number one, one YouTube video per week, three marketing emails. These are minimum you can send three to six marketing emails to your list. Ai assisted, okay, AI assistant with vid IQ, right with Claude, alright? So right there, we got aI assistance on that. Let's say that you're going to post, post once per day on social media, assisted by VAs

[748:10] Speaker 0: and Opus clip.

[749:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what that is is I actually use this tool called uh Opus Opus Pro that pulls up all the best ideas from my from my YouTube videos and my coaching sessions, and then gives us what those are. So every week we we're going in here. We're taking my YouTube videos, we're taking my coaching sessions, and then Opus is picking what are the most highly ranked sections that I should talk about for content. I can edit these down. I can pick them. They have an editor that's built right in here. It's super easy. It literally edits the whole thing using AI, pretty much literally, watch this. How fast this is. You can do this. Okay, I'm going to remove any pauses that I have. I'm going to add a let's see text. We're going to add in, going to make this vertical, okay, there's vertical, and then we are going to add, what are we going to add? We're going to add

[768:38] Speaker 0: captions. It was right there. So snake it would have bit me.

[769:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Add some captions. Oh, that's why I'm always getting ideas. I'm literally, I do, I go and I look at, okay, who are the five people that are running an offer like this? What are their ads look like for this offer? What are their headlines? What are their landing pages as you just point and click these. I told my mom to download this last week. She literally just started making content using this as well. Then you could even take these ideas. Let's say I take this idea right here that Opus gave me, and I could pull this into I could record my own idea. So I might so I might take this that I was talking about with Tiffany. He's theirs together. I have chat GPT improvement, and then I might say this, listen, when I'm writing sales copy, I don't need to be original in all the ideas that I come up with. Here's what I do. Here's my secret. I find some of the best landing pages from competitors of mine. Yep, you might, you might be somebody that that I'm pulling them from. I will piece them together. I'll pull them into chat GPT, and I'll pull the best headlines together, and I'll have it rewrite all of those out as a new sales letter. So even though I have an offer that I'm promoting. I'm literally taking ideas from elsewhere, so I don't have to reinvent the wheel, and I'm piecing it together using AI to come up with the best version. You don't need to work harder. You need to work smarter. That's what's going to help you in your business. If you want to know the approach that I'm using right now to build a successful evergreen coaching business, comment the word evergreen below, and I will send you a complete class that I put together on how to do this in your business. Okay, so what I did was I pulled the idea from Opus clip. I have a version here I can edit. I have a version that I recorded on my phone. It has a call to action that uses many chat that sends my funnel out to people. I'm actually almost getting more. Leads now, organically, that I've been doing with my organic content, that I have been for my ads, I'm starting to see more organic leads come in than even my ads. Are just very interesting to start to see happen from this, because I'm starting to do this strategy right here. Okay, so right there. There's that right there. Okay, you use Opus clip. You can come up with ideas to post at least once per day. I have a VA that does all this for me. So I have a VA that literally uses Opus clip picks all the ideas. The VA then creates a caption in AI. I've given them parameters of what to do, so I don't even literally touch it at that point. What's the next thing that we can do? Okay, we're gonna, we're gonna one thing on our webinar funnel each day. So that might be like day one, sales copy. Day two, record webinar. Day three, optimize, uh, follow up emails. Okay, so I might work out like one thing of a funnel, whatever my next funnel that I'm going to promote is, and let's see if funnel is done, record ads,

[821:59] Speaker 0: launch ads, use VA and AI.

[824:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, all of these use use AI and VA to build landing pages. So I have my VAs building my landing pages out. I use AI to come up with the ideas for the sales copy as well. I use AI to come up with the outline for my webinar. So all of these are literally based on AI coming up with those ideas to help me put that together. And this is what my week looks like in my business from a marketing perspective. Okay, so that's me marketing, then from a coaching I have one on one calls. If I if I have calls scheduled, I'll do um, 45 minutes, one hour, one calls, I will do one and a half to two hour group coaching session. I'll take maybe 30 minutes record a course lesson for the group, okay? And maybe an hour answering questions in our group. And then if I have like consulting clients that I'm doing as well, I might take 30 minutes to one hour responding to consulting clients, hopping on phone quickly, sending voice memos. And so this right here fits into for me, it's between 10 and 15 hours per week to sustain multiple six and seven figures. Fit this into what you're doing in your business, in your life and and what are the things that maybe you're not clear on, because I feel like oftentimes we're just we're over trying to do all the stuff that we feel like we need to do all the stuff that's that's taking our time up, and so that's going to that's important is to, is to figure out, how can we structure our business, and then what does our life structure look like, and spend some time coming up with what that version looks like for you overall. How do you get emails from YouTube? Okay, it's a great question from Michelle. So Michelle, the way that I get emails from YouTube is on my YouTube video is I went and I did this, I did a I did a really fascinating thing that I saw that another guy did I go on my channel. And every video that I have now has the exact same description. So I will literally select every video on my channel, and I will say DIS and I will say Edit description. Let me pull up right here. And I've seen, I've seen a lot. Lot of marketers do this, and it's and I think it actually works really well. Description, insert. See insert at the beginning. Insert it and remove, replace. Here's the problem with inserting at the beginning is if you want to change it, it's not going to do that. So the one that I do, I know it's tough, but it's replace all as I have a boiler plate description that I put on all my videos. Discover how to get 10 to 20 new clients in your coaching business with me. Here's an offer right there. Let's connect on Instagram. Here's my Instagram post. I get a lot of Instagram followers this way. This is actually how I got that new client. And then I have my story right here. This is like a little short story of who I am, what I've done in my business and and so this is the description on every one of my YouTube videos. So what I'm optimizing for is my title and my thumbnail for YouTube to get people in. And then you can use vid IQ as well to throw in some, I think, some keywords as well. I've not done the tags as much, but my description is the same on every video. So like, I might take this and actually, I haven't even updated it. I've had this evergreen offer for how long I haven't even updated it. So I'm going to go replace and I'm going to say, run your business on autopilot with simple evergreen offers working less than 10 hours per week. Find out how I do it while raising two kids. I'm www, dot Jeremiah krakowski.com, Evergreen. So now every video on my page I understand the implications of this. Every video on my page is now going to have that offer in the description. So why do I have the two offers? The one offer is a VSL that is always going to be there. So this one is a, it's like a 1520 minute VSL that's all about the wealthy coach Academy program. So if somebody signs up for this one, it, it. It instantly takes them to that's a 22 minute video right here. It's a VSL that is just about what we do in the wealthy coach Academy program, and how how people can work with me. Okay, so that's why I say, discover how I do this. I break that down, and then this one is more the Evergreen funnel that I have right here. So I want people to opt in to maybe both of these and connect with me on Instagram. And so those are the main offers right there. Thank you promoting. Yeah,

[926:59] Michelle Plucinsky: thank you. So a question is, sometimes I'll go in my transcripts and do a summary and put that information in there, but you're saying every one of your videos has the same information so that they can just reach out to you

[930:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: the Yeah, the reason why is just I'm I'm optimizing for people getting off of YouTube And joining my email list. Yeah.

[933:43] Michelle Plucinsky: Okay, thank you. Yeah,

[934:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: because now, well, here's the thing. Now, YouTube is adding AI tools where people can grab a summary off of your video with AI they're adding they can already see the transcript there. So what I want is, I want the first, like minute or two to help them summarize what's in the video. I want my thumbnail and I want my title to be very clear to people to know what it's about in that very short amount of time. So that's why vid IQ is really good at helping with that, figuring out what are those words that the algorithm really likes. See how it's like it's ranking the titles. It's ranking what to call these titles here, like I might change this title to that I should actually go through my old videos and use vidIQ to change my titles to, oh,

[949:27] Michelle Plucinsky: I have vid IQ, but it looks like you've tied it into your YouTube page. Yeah, there's a

[951:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: plugin that makes it really cool that you can go through and and do that, and it's, and it's pulling up, so it's, it's recommending to me different keywords as well for the tags. So I think a lot of those keywords are based on what I talk about in the transcript of the video itself.

[958:18] Speaker 0: Makes sense. Yeah.

[958:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, so it's pulling all that into there. Um, but yes. So. Optimizing for that. Because really, what's what's really what's getting the views on my YouTube is going to be the title and the thumbnail, and then YouTube is prioritizing and ranking how long people are actually sitting on my video to watch it, more than because they're already taking the transcript to figure out what the algorithm is going to do. So this description right here is no longer as relevant, quote, unquote, to the YouTube algorithm pushing your content out

[967:27] Speaker 0: as much as well. Okay, let's see.

[970:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: How long are you making you? Uh, some well. So I was doing 40 minute YouTube videos. I started doing anywhere from 10 to 30 minutes just I'm just going to vibe and talk as long as I want to, and I'm not aiming for like a specific length anymore. I found that that was overwhelming me quite a bit to aim for a specific length. So again, simplifying. It to be effortless. It wasn't effortless. Trying to hit 40 minutes, okay? And I got that idea because it was like something Alex hermosi had said that he was doing for a while. Well, now I've looked at Alex hermosi stuff that he's doing, and now he has a wide range of lengths in his videos. He'll have a 10 minute video, he'll have a 17 minute, he'll have a 22 minute, he'll have a so length. Again, I don't think matters as much either on that. So vid IQ and Opus Pro are very different. They Tiffany, they're two very different tools. Vid IQ helps you figure out what to name your videos on YouTube specifically come up with ideas for that. Opus. Pro is about taking long form content and turning it into short form content, coming up with ideas for short form content that then you could turn into like, things like that. What do you want? What's that version used to make longer videos going to vary it now it's Yeah, and so we need to not like overthink. Oh, that's great. Look at this. See in vid IQ is already as I love how they're doing this. They're like, gamifying it. See, I've already had more views this month on my YouTube than I then that this has been like, my most viewed month since using it. So pretty cool. I uh. So what I want to do is a I want to take some questions on what I've been talking about here and help you maybe solve what some of those sticking points might be. Maybe solve some of the, some of the, some of the those issues. Because I want you to have the momentum to where it's kind of like, it's kind of like diet and exercise a little bit people, people do real good on like, crash diets, or they'll do like a seven day sprint or something like that. But that's not what creates the life they want. They gotta have a something that's sustainable. It's a lifestyle thing that becomes habits. So this is all about creating habits for you in your business and in your life, that you do every day, that you do every week, that just become a part of it's like the same as brushing your teeth, cuz you can look at when you're not thinking, that's when it becomes effortless, when you're not thinking about it. What are we doing every week in our business? Those are our habits. Then we look at what is the stuff that I really gotta work hard to do? Those are the things that we gotta figure out how to turn into habits. One of the ways that you can turn something that you've been procrastinating on into a habit is by rewarding yourself after doing that thing as well, by by by giving yourself some kind of like a reward, whether it be like a maybe you'll have a treat that like maybe you'll go out to eat or a treat, or something like that. One thing I do, I always go out to eat and have fun with my family if I close a big deal with a client. So like, that reward right there. I've, like, I've anchored that into there. That's not the only time I go out to eat, but it's something that I I've just I've done, I've anchored, okay, we do really good in our business. A good milestone. I'm going to go reward myself with something like that. I might take a day off or something like that, but like, what are, what are some of the things that, as I've talked about this today, that maybe have come up for you

[1038:27] Speaker 0: to be able to you.

[1040:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like that. We gotta figure out. What do I gotta shift to to make this happen for me in my business, is there any reason that you would not build your business this way?

[1044:08] Speaker 0: Anybody?

[1045:29] Tiffany Quinones: What's up? Tiffany, okay, so for me, what, what actually came up is I posted it in the questions as you were talking, I actually started questioning everything recently, and so it's actually caught. I don't know there's a lot of internal shifts that have been taking place, but something that I actually started doing is in my morning routine, because of my work schedule, I started utilizing that time instead of just sitting and using my quiet time to just do nothing. I have been turning that into talking about what I do working with chat GPT, kind of turning that to my work time, and then I'll stop at a certain time, and then I'll either go to the gym or rest on the couch before I have to start getting for work, getting ready for work, depending on how I feel, too. But I noticed that's starting to shift. But yeah, I realized I did internalize pretty much everything, all of the shoulds, which is similar to the other word, yep. And so it's getting

[1064:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: rid of gets you constipated with shoulds,

[1065:28] Tiffany Quinones: yes. And I'm just like, Wait, why am I doing this? How do I actually want to do things so that you you put a lot of great things into great perspective for me today. So thank you.

[1070:17] Speaker 6: Yeah, I'll say

[1070:39] Michelle Plucinsky: I have too much on my plate. And so, you know, just that entrepreneur, ADHD, I can do it all things, so I've let go of a lot of things, and now I'm just going to focus on YouTube for six months, cool, and then go from there and being kinder to myself and recognizing, like, all the stuff that you've taught us. It's not gone to waste, because I've used it in other parts of our business, yeah, but there's this, like, little sense of failure because I didn't do the coaching program, or, you know, do all those things, but maybe I'm not doing them because YouTube's more of my joy, or just because I can doesn't mean I should,

[1081:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So, yeah, exactly. And that helps a lot. That helps tremendously, yeah,

[1083:35] Michelle Plucinsky: so I still watch and listen, and I get things from it,

[1084:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: but yeah, well, and what, what? What are you What do you see coming out of the YouTube? What's, what's that going to turn into for you? Well,

[1086:46] Michelle Plucinsky: it's interesting because I went to Russell, I joined his mastermind, and I went to the event that he has in Boise for the people that are in that program. And I just, I didn't feel it, you know? I didn't feel like these were my tribe. Yeah, I was like, maybe coaching isn't my thing on this level. And so they had a YouTube speaker, and then I was at a table with a guy who does YouTube. And I just, I want to grow the brand. And I don't know what that looks like if it's getting affiliates to help do it. I've watched other like farmer people. They're making, you know, $3,500 a month off YouTube. Yeah, I don't need millions of dollars in my bank. I want to bring exposure and grow things. And you know, if I could do that for the YouTube would be great in addition to the other things we do,

[1100:24] Speaker 0: there you go. That's awesome. Yeah, that's good.

[1101:19] Michelle Plucinsky: Not to say I won't want seven figures, but I'm going to focus on one thing at a time.

[1102:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, what I found is number one, like you can only carry your energy the way that works best for you. I It's funny, I've never engaged with a lot of big masterminds because I don't vibe or resonate with a lot of people that are in the industry. And yet, like, I've been in the industry for how long, right? So it's just because, like, I definitely don't, don't vibe with Russell's crowd that much at all.

[1111:24] Michelle Plucinsky: You think you're missing something. And then the reality is, the people that I bonded most with were the ones that do his tech, that write his copy, that you know more from them than some of the other people. But sometimes you got to do it to recognize that isn't me. Yeah, yeah.

[1115:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, now here's an interesting thing too on there, cuz you've learned so many skills, if you wanted to, you could also, like, explore, since you resonated with the tech or the copy people like, is there something there for you as well the creative side of the business? Not? Have to maybe building the business side, or build a business around that could also be because there's a lot of cool stuff happening with creating apps, hiring some developers and building out your own apps. It's like, that might be where things are going to take you after this YouTube journey, too. It's different than the coaching world. Yeah, it's like, Who are you vibing with and resonating the most? Yeah, and you're evolving as a person

[1127:17] Michelle Plucinsky: as well. So I'm going to do my personal YouTube page, like art and business things that I've learned over the years, and keep it separate from our business page, and just like, learn how to navigate those and grow them. Yeah, yeah, yep.

[1131:26] Speaker 0: Cool, awesome, alrighty. Um,

[1133:10] Speaker 1: see, oh, I can check in. I didn't raise my

[1133:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: hand. That's okay. I know what Adele had. Her hand raised, go

[1134:49] Speaker 1: first, then, sorry, sorry,

[1135:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: we see Adele. What's going on?

[1136:23] Speaker 0: Maybe she had to drop off. That's okay. What's going on, Karen?

[1137:54] Speaker 1: I just, I don't know why this was so difficult for me, but I just had to pay to upgrade my email, my Active Campaign, because I was, I'd gone over. I was well over 1000 I got up to like, 1400 and 1000 you have to pay more. And I don't know why I found that to be so painful, because it's a good thing, yeah, so I finally did that, and I had decided this was the year of the video, and some of my YouTube videos have 4000 views, and some have 36 or, you know, nothing, nothing crazy, but I am consistent about posting video content every week, yeah, and I just, while I was listening, I just threw one in that Opus thing, one of I just picked one of my YouTube videos. Like, to see what it would do, you have to pay to get the clips, but that's kind of a cool way to get info out there.

[1150:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, to get the clips, you can still, you can see what it chooses. Though, you could record, yeah,

[1152:06] Speaker 4: as well. Okay, so you

[1152:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: couldn't record the ideas it gives you. I asked chat GPT this question about the the pain of having to upgrade to a higher level of stuff in your business, fear of change in the unknown, loss of control because you got to do something different. Financial anxiety. So it could be just feeling like a mental tug of war around that imposter syndrome. Maybe you don't feel like you're worthy of going to that next level yet. So well,

[1161:41] Speaker 1: and I don't necessarily see how my email turns into money. Okay, well, you know, it's not like I send out an email and I get money. Like, it's not that simple for me. Even if I sent out an offer, I'm probably not I mean, yeah, and I had a really good this. The past two weeks have been a little, like, may have been slow, but, like, I had a really good March and April money wise, yeah, you know, but, but that's to be expected. May, suppose people get kind of busy in May, well, I don't know it's to be expected in traditional psychology private practice, how do I I don't understand how to put in what my competitors are doing into into AI like I need to specifically, and I don't even know who my competitors are, because I'm sort of a hybrid Well, and

[1174:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's where, again, there there's a, there's a, you're having to invent yourself as this, like, yes, online entrepreneur version of you, yes. So there's that. So the idea, when I say competitors, it's really just like archetypes of who's out there teaching, and we've talked through a couple of these teaching, some of the topics that you're teaching, yeah, and how do they market? What are the things that they're doing in their marketing? What are the hooks that they're using in their marketing? What is the messaging? What are the and maybe not, what are they doing right now, but, like, what are the like, what are they doing? What are they been doing, like, the last couple of years? What are the topics that they're that they're doing, and stuff like that. Okay, all right, so you look at, what are the topics that somebody who's similar to you at the like, top of your game, version of you that you're at doing. What are they doing? So we think about as we're inventing that, that version of you. And this was something too, I'll say to that, Michelle, it's something like, she's like, I didn't vibe with these people. So what I'll look at is, I'll always look at, well, who out there is doing what I'm doing, or what I want to do, that I do vibe with, and then I'm going to model their energy, okay? I'm going to model maybe some of their offers, but I also have had to look at okay, and this is a little bit different. I. To look at, okay, what is like, the ultimate version of myself, the archetype of this body language wise, I'll tell you, there are certain cadences to being a speaker online and a teacher where, like, you can learn, you learn to inflect your voice very strongly, kind of, like your your acting, or something like that. So like, like learning high and low voice inflection, leaning in, the body language, all of that that is more taught, and it just, here's what I've thought about it is like knowing how to do that, and I learned a lot of it by watching different speakers and how do they interact on screen as well. That is going to allow me to connect with more people.

[1214:40] Speaker 1: Okay, do that. That's a really good idea, I mean, and I do a lot, I listen to a lot of podcasts, yeah, yeah, from people that I vibe with, but like, that's listening, like, I should probably actually watch the YouTube,

[1217:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, see, see the video version. Yeah. How do they lean in? Right thing that I want. I watched a great video the other day. It was like, it was actually really good, and it was funny, because initially the video popped up, and I was like, I don't want to watch this. This is not I'm not going to like this, but I felt drawn to the video anyways. I kept watching, and then I and then it's actually stuck with me. So I find that always very interesting when, like, I resisted watching a certain video on YouTube, but then it stuck with me. Let me go. Let me go, find it. I'm pulling up my

[1228:10] Speaker 1: or even like my, my son's girlfriend's mom is an OB GYN in Lubbock, and I love her video content. Yeah, she does these myth Mondays, so I do myth Wednesdays, and she just records them in the car. She records them in her scrubs. But, yeah, I don't, I don't know. I like the way she does it. And I try to record on good days, like today's not, I don't have a lot of energy today.

[1234:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Fine. Here it is. I thought this was such a, such a weird title to a YouTube video, but what he taught in this video is like, how to speak to cause goosebumps. Oh, and so he, this is, like his whole channel is all speaking, and he talks about, like, this different tonality, there's different inflection, there's different things like that, Oh, wow. That cause an emotional connection deeper with people. And I can think back to some I actually then went through, I went through my most viewed YouTube videos, and then, and then noticed there's a certain cadence that I'm using that I now am like, Okay, that's a model that I can look at. It's very, very down to earth, like I'm just talking to somebody who's a friend. I'm not way too amped up, but I am still energized in my emotional language, and so I'm pausing more as well. That's another thing. So I look at that, not to over analyze it, but to say, okay, these are little shifts. Tweets, yeah, I can tweak in my content. I can tweak in how I show up. Um,

[1254:01] Speaker 0: to be able to

[1254:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: increase the kind of impact and connection I have with people. So okay,

[1255:51] Speaker 1: and that's great. Thank you. Yeah,

[1257:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have found I can over analyze that side of things too, and that doesn't help but Shonda, what's going on? Shonda,

[1259:42] Shonda Whitworth: oh. Jeremiah, that's that was like, my question I was wanting to ask is about how it's like when I try to show up on doing a reel or making a video, a recorded video, I don't show up with the same energy as I do with a group like, if I'm on Zoom and I'm doing a group coaching call or group teaching, I have a totally different energy, and it just doesn't feel the same on a real I end up deleting them. I our videos, I just don't post Yeah, because it just doesn't seem the same as Yeah. What I can do. And so what do you do? Or do you have any suggestions for how to do those reels, or how to do the recorded videos so that you show up with that same kind of energy?

[1271:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: You practice more you do it more often. That's one of them. You do it imperfectly more often. But I get what you're saying. Part of it is just because so each each modality, this is like a, this is like a, they're going to be like a great, I hope Opus clip picks this for some of my content, right here. You know, when you're making content, whether it's for reels, it's a webinar, or you're in a. Group setting in front of people, or it's a YouTube video, or it's an ad, or something like that. Like each one of those, they're different modes of recording yourself on camera, right? Okay, your brain is triggered differently with different beliefs, thought processes, expectations, goals, fears, worries, doubts, insecurities, all wrapped up in when you go to record in those different ways. So what ends up happening is you're showing up differently because you have a different set of subconscious thoughts going on while you're doing those things. So one of the things that has helped me is, if I go to record some reels and stuff like that, I will actually watch through some of my favorite influencers reels to see, okay, what's their energy like that I really like. And how can I like like, kind of embody some of that by watching how like another person does that. If I'm gonna do a YouTube video, I might watch a few of my favorite YouTubers to see what's their cadence and tone and energy as well, a little bit. So that inspires me there. But then I will also start to figure out, how can I address those subconscious beliefs, fears, worries, doubts, insecurities, things like that, in each modality. Because then and then I look at what's the one that I really want to show up as the most well, when you're live with people, there's a certain energy that you really like, right? Just imagine in your mind. Take some time before you record some reels as well. And just think about yourself being live. Get yourself internally into that mindset by imagining and visualizing that you're live with people. Put yourself maybe, maybe get dressed like you would when you're going to be live, put on, change your clothes differently, go through the same routine that you would before you're you do live, and you'll start to wire your brain to do reels in that same way as well. You'll start to wire it in these different ways by doing that. So it really, it's like, it's just, it's how as people, we have different ways that we show up in different situations, right? And those have been sort of hardwired into us, is why we're like, gosh, like, Okay, I show up in this way. In this situation, I show up in this way. But you can, you can retrain yourself to show up in any situation differently. It gets a little hard. You'll feel a little anxious. You'll feel but then that starts to get the anxiety starts to get to the root of, okay, what's really going on internally that I'm feeling this way?

[1330:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: We do this naturally and stuff that's really important to us all the time. But oftentimes we find that when things are a habit, we don't necessarily figure out, okay, how can I show up in that way over here, the way that I do over there? And so it could be as simple as just asking yourself, if I did show up in that way today, what would that look like. Now, what I want to do is I want to take what I just told you

[1341:34] Speaker 0: and I want to see what I

[1343:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to see what chat GPT has to say about this. I so I'm going to take this we're going to pull up the transcript of what you just said. I'm gonna paste it in the chat GPT or say, read the following advice to Shonda and think outside the box. Other ways she can show up in these different modalities.

[1352:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: By the way, here's another great thing, like as a coach or mentor, using chat GPT to give advice on the fly with people is really valuable, because then you don't have to have all the bright ideas. I'm willing to say, Okay, I might not have the exact answer, but I gave you a foundation. Let's come up with this. Okay, let's see interactive storytelling on reels instead of just speaking to the camera. Experiment with. Storytelling. Give your followers the option to vote. This could bring some of the group interaction here, splitting your screen in two panels, one side showing you speaking to the camera, the other, slippage of live I don't know about that. Use guided visualization for pre recorded videos before recording. Could do a short visualization exercise where she imagines speaking live by visualizing that she might try recording with the screen off, so that she's more focused. Energy anchoring physically stimulate yourself before recording, like tapping on your chest or like a power pose or something. So it's kind of like, again, triggering your brain in certain ways, using video triggers. Remember, I had talked about this, I think last year, using different auditory triggers, music triggers. Sometimes for me, playing a video game, trigger certain things, like I needed to write some sales copy for this new client. Yesterday, I haven't played a video game in a while. I played a little bit because I know if I play video games, my sales copy brain gets better all the time, every time. So it's like one of my little triggers. That way find what those triggers are for you. Uh, have a virtual audience with AI, maybe have some like, that's funny. To create a virtual audience that can help you apps that stimulate interesting. So that's an interesting one. Can you find me some apps like this? Let's do that, and we're going to have it search for some apps that simulate a virtual audience. That one's interesting, right? Yeah, that is interesting. Collaborative content creation. Incorporate your bloopers into a behind the scenes. Shift out of a performance mentality. Balance your belief that you need to perform the same way. It said, Try replicating the energy. Allow yourself to create them in an authentic way while replicating the energy.

[1392:25] Shonda Whitworth: All right, so that performance thing may be the root, yeah, belief that you were mentioning, finding that belief.

[1394:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Ai, reaction video maker, this is so funny. Capture reactions and video, I don't know what this is it like. I don't even think that exists like a fake audience app. I think, I think it invented an app for you that doesn't exist.

[1400:07] Shonda Whitworth: How funny. How funny.

[1400:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see if I was to create an app that does this with video to train people. How would I build it? I'm curious.

[1403:49] Shonda Whitworth: Be the people going ooh and oh and clapping, whatever, yeah,

[1404:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's so funny. It would be like a virtual audience simulation app.

[1406:14] Speaker 0: It's so funny,

[1408:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: real time, AI, audience, reactions, voice, gesture, yeah. I don't think this app exists, but, you know, maybe there's something there.

[1411:00] Shonda Whitworth: There's something there, all right, yeah, Tiffany posted pictures and from our Facebook group. That's a

[1412:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: good one. So I've done that too. I take my favorite clients, not the ones that are super like that piss me off every time I see their face. Did I say that one out loud? No, no, it's not clients. There's some people who like I when I was recording my webinars, like every time I would see their name pop up, I would get anxious, so I don't include them, but I created a collage of like people that I like, love to talk and share with. So with that, and I create that collage, and then I have that up on screen every time I would was recording as if I'm talking to them.

[1423:50] Shonda Whitworth: Alright. So speaking about creating content, I find it easier to talk about the passion of what I coach on when I'm talking to somebody, but when I'm talking about the same content to the camera, that passion doesn't seem to come through. So maybe don't imagine

[1428:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: the camera is the same as you're talking to somebody, there's somebody who you're talking to on the other side of that camera. So there's always somebody. And I think of an actual person I might think of, and imagine that Shonda is right here, even when I'm recording a video. And I'm just, I'm just talking to Shonda. Okay, so that's, that's one thing. Try that out, and you might try it out just with your family. So try the exercise of record

[1438:42] Shonda Whitworth: a video. They're not that. None that good to use. Okay,

[1439:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me. Me, somebody you love talking with, imagine

[1440:36] Shonda Whitworth: about the topic, because they don't. They don't enjoy the topic. Well, no,

[1441:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's not the topic I'm talking. Get the exercise of you. Imagine you're talking with your your husband, but he's not there. You're just recording a video to him. But imagine he's there behind the camera, and then send him the video, and it will help you start to get the exercise of recording video to send to people.

[1448:37] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, yeah, yeah. So basically, I mean, my takeaway is, just do it more often, and that's the only way it's going to get better. Imagine, imagine that, imagine, imagine that. Imagine they're there. Imagine the people that are having, the people with the pictures, or the imagination, the visualization exercises, all right, yeah, I'll try that. Pull out

[1454:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: any aspect that whatever pulls you out of the imagination is usually related to some kind of a fear, worry, doubt, insecurity that you can solve. So think about that like as you're imagining that you're talking to the right audience of people. Is there something that pulls you out of that imagination? You can then figure out what that thing is and then solve that mentally, emotionally, so that it doesn't pull you out of it as often. It's probably

[1464:16] Shonda Whitworth: overthinking and intellectualizing everything. Yeah,

[1465:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: so, so that's where it's the where does the overthinking and intellectualizing come

[1468:12] Shonda Whitworth: from. Oh, it comes from. I mean, I just had this session with my therapist this morning. That's what she brought out. She goes, Shonda, you're overthinking and intellectualizing everything. You're avoiding sitting in the emotion. And so that's what it was. There you go. So it's a avoidance of sitting. You're going

[1472:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: through a process right now. Really, even with your therapist of You're overthinking and intellectualizing in a lot of areas of your life when you're making content, when you're and it's not allowing you to show up as this fun loving, just wild and free, amazing, super chill, relaxed yet confident version of you that can just talk any time of the day on camera. That's the big that's that's kind of what was going on.

[1483:02] Shonda Whitworth: Alright? So you just said something like, alright, super chill. Shonda, so we went to a wedding Saturday night, and I had the most fun I've had in a long time, reconnecting with some friends I hadn't seen in a long time. I mean, just out there acting like little kids, and here we are. I was the youngest, all right, I'm in my late 50s, but I'm the youngest, yeah, out there having a great time. And really, it was felt good to let my hair down, and, so to speak, and I mean, and I didn't drink. I'm done. I don't I don't like to drink. So there was no alcohol involved for me. But now I did taste people's drinks, they would say, oh, here, what this? What's this? I would try them and like, but I'm like, Yeah, I still don't feel like going and getting one, but thank you for sharing. Yeah, but, um, it was just fun to let my hair down. So maybe, maybe the overthinking comes from not having enough play time, enough fun time, and really just learning to just let loose. I'm just too wound up, yeah, and

[1500:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's, and that's one of the things, because it's not been safe for you to let loose. And so where does that come from? As well?

[1503:55] Speaker 0: Well, there's a whole lot.

[1504:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is there a part of you that you dislike when you've let loose, that you don't let that you don't want to show up?

[1507:35] Shonda Whitworth: So good question like, where am I? I'm freezing right now, so I'm starting to recognize the freeze. That's okay. That's one of, that's one of my go tos is,

[1510:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and so that, that's where in in parts work therapy. It's called the exile parts that we don't allow. We've kind of exiled this part of us because we don't, we're, it's like, shameful

[1515:10] Speaker 0: in

[1515:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: like Jungian, like Carl Jung psychotherapy would be like the shadow part. And so it's this part that like we don't, we're kind of like, we're like, we. Push it away because we don't want other people to see it. We're embarrassed by it,

[1522:17] Speaker 0: and

[1522:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: when we realize that like that, that part of us isn't bad. It's a part of us. It's just it's been managed in a way that's not been the way that we want. So we end up, like, not allowing it to show up. That's one of the biggest things that I would say. And if you talk with your therapist about that, that would be really powerful as well. But that's something that I've been, like, really leaning into is like, Okay, what when I, when I get, because we get really self critical of ourselves, certain behaviors, like, there's a version of me, there's a Part of that, like, there's certain behavior that I don't want to do, that I and as Christians, like, it's even could be like, what we call like, the sin nature side of things is like, like, like, realize, hey number One, like, God loves that part of you, and we need to as well, and realize that it's like that's usually the sort of over criticized child, inner child part, sort of that we feel unsafe to let show up. And it's not that you're going to show up in those ways that we don't want it to but you're a grown up now, so you have wisdom. You know how you want to show up? You know how that is, and that has been so like, freeing for me over the last year is okay. What are these parts that I feel, that I'm repressing, that I'm holding back, that I'm strongly criticizing, that I've not let be free because I feel embarrassed for how they show up, that that as soon as I do, I find a lot of Like I write better sales copy, I make better video content, I make better decisions. I'm actually a better parent and father for my family too. Now, at the same time, I found that sometimes I might make some mistakes. My wife will say, and I've had to learn this like, she'll be like, Okay, you're this is my kind of like trigger that I'm going a little bit too far in that direction. Should be like, Okay, you're you're acting way too selfish. You're acting like single, like single Jeremiah, not Jeremiah. That's a dad and a husband right now. Cuz it's like, the single version of me is super, like, free and wild and all this, the like dad and husband version is like, more there's there's boundaries. Those boundaries are healthy. But how can I integrate the two together to really actually show up as the best version of myself in every situation? So that's what I'm trying to just encourage you with, is to be finding that

[1574:14] Shonda Whitworth: right, and I know I am working on not being as self critical and having having more grace of myself, and giving myself that grace to like, Hey, It's okay. I It's all right. I Yeah, being more graceful. So, all right, well, I appreciate that. Yeah, you bet. Thank you. Thank you,

[1580:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: Deborah. What's going on? Deborah,

[1581:58] Speaker 8: hello. So I, so I had some fun with chat. GPT, I went in to complain about this. Course I bought like, what is going on, because I couldn't find like, the validity of the course. So I was using chat, G, P, T to do some background research. And it was so funny, because it validated what I was perceiving. But it's like, it connected it.

[1589:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's that AI will always validate

[1589:54] Speaker 8: you really well. I was like, Well, it did it strategically so it wasn't like, a, you know, fluff. It wasn't fluff. Okay, so anyway, I'm like, I, I'm doing my research for that Emotional Freedom Technique stuff, and, um, and it proposes to me Listen to this that made me think about you. It proposes to me that I need to trademark my work. Hold on. I see that look on your face, but I have a thought. I have a thought on this ready. So tell me like maybe you. To trademark your app, because you could be developing the right kind of program for the people you want to reach. And that made me think about you, because you use chat, G, P, T, a lot, and because you've used this, like, hey, Jeremiah's doing this, I'm doing this. And so it connects you to the marketing world. Whereas this, this chat, G, P, T, is like reading what I've been pulling for research for like, the last maybe year, and it's like telling me, like, by the way, you could do this. So I thought you would enjoy hearing that. Awesome. Your brain looks scrambled. Jeremiah, you know, I'm trying to figure out

[1613:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: what you were like, what you're talking about that I would use for that.

[1614:17] Speaker 8: Well, you would go in to do your research. Like, you know, how you always take us to chat GPT, to to put ideas together, to, you know, we could use chat GBT to do a challenge concept, or for our social media content. So, like, I keep going to it to find answers for things, and that's why I went into it. Like to research this one course, where's this place coming from? I mean, I like the content, and it's like, I kind of think that maybe they white. What's it called? White labeled something like a group of people, white labeled some good material. But like, when I researched the doctor that they're basing it on, that person doesn't exist. I can't find that person anywhere. And it's like, if you can't find that person. Are they really that popular? Are they really like that valid? So anyway, the content is good

[1628:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: work, huh? The techniques work? Oh

[1629:39] Speaker 8: yeah, they're good, yeah, I found out some more stuff. So not that I'm supposed to stay in learning mode. I know. I know. But

[1632:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, you love learning mode. Learning, learning mode, it's safe, right? You well, learning mode feels good for you, so that's okay. Just music with your learning to where as much as you're learning, as much as you spend time learning, we gotta also spend the same amount of time doing,

[1636:22] Speaker 8: right? And I do work with people, so I mean, I'm taking what I learn and I apply it so but here's my latest glitch. And you may not have an answer for this, but I'm thinking you might, because you've been working with your mom and her stuff, and she's doing stuff in the health, like health and wellness field now. Okay, so whenever you're in that area, it's like, you know, you're not supposed to give any indicators that you're going to, you know, cure, diagnose, treat or prescribe, right? My thing is, is like, when I'm doing the app, how? Like, if I, if I'm working with somebody, they sign something agreeing that they understand I'm not being a medical doctor, okay, right? How does that show up for an app? I know show up for an app? Yeah, is it in the privacy setting or I'm not sure where to put it, because I thought, Well, I would have them agree to it before they got the free content. But then I'm like,

[1654:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: boy, also just, you can also say it in any kind of content you're saying, just, just, like, verbally,

[1656:05] Speaker 8: okay, yeah, just like, hey, by the way. Just want to let you know, reiterate, be careful

[1657:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you're not, like, diagnosing anything. But you can talk about your experiences. You can talk about, what people can look at, look into, or stuff like that, but no, what's the context of what you're talking about, what and what?

[1662:49] Speaker 8: Well, for my drugs or what's going on? No, it's for the Emotional Freedom Technique for tapping, for

[1664:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: that that's a little bit different than actual medical stuff, too. So, yeah, just say like this is just say it verbally. But I don't think you need to over analyze it that much. I will other people that teach the similar content. What do they say in theirs?

[1669:57] Speaker 8: Yeah, I've noticed, like with, I don't know if you know them, The Tapping Solution family, like the brother and sister started it, and it's continues to grow, and they're doing a great job. And I follow them, because I really appreciate what they're doing. But I noticed, even in their I think it was, maybe it was their terms of service, that's where they put this is not to treat your diagnose, so maybe kind of like, follow that. This is where I start getting scared. Okay, this is, this is, well, I came from a very it's from childhood trauma. Okay? Okay, so I know that when it comes to legal things, you must, you know, cross your t's and dot your i's and all that jazz. So I find like that is a place for me that I have to work hard. And I think that is a piece of what's holding me back, because it's like, Oh, I could do this, oh, wait, but, and how many times in life, you know, have we gone out to do something and then it's like, oh, wait, but,

[1687:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know what I mean? Yeah, I see right here on their site, it just says, like, it's not a cure, it's a scientifically backed tool. It's a method that's been used. Yeah, it's first developed. You know, we do recommend to work with a medical profession like, just say that, and then I think that's good, just, but yeah, the that fear, because I used to have a lot of that fear as well for the longest time, and I realized, like I am amplifying this fear and worry as another reason for me not to take action,

[1698:53] Speaker 8: right? I mean, I you know, you go through the process of making sure all your ducks are in a row and blah, blah, blah, blah, but the bottom line is, is, like, it can, it can stall you out. And I think that's what I personally have experienced, is getting stalled out, because,

[1704:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: is it that you're going to make a mistake and it's something that you don't know and you're going to get in trouble for something you didn't know that you did?

[1706:04] Speaker 8: Yeah, and I honestly, I'll be very honest. I think I've gone through the stuff with a fine tooth comb enough to know, like, what I do need it and what I don't have to worry about. Um, but I just didn't know. Like, I contacted them because I you know how people will do drip content, yeah, well, my goal was they would get the first lesson for free, and then if they wanted the recipe, you know, that I use for the tapping, because I do prayer with tapping, I use scripture for the scripts. So, you know, you release whatever that anxiety is. You release it, but then you put in something positive, you start declaring the positive. And for me, that's the Scripture, right? Yeah, so when I after, I was like, my first lesson was going to say, this is what it is. This is why we're doing it. But you you need to agree to this in order to get to it. I'm like, I'm probably going to lose a lot of people to not even look at it. I

[1725:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: wouldn't worry about that.

[1725:48] Speaker 8: Wouldn't worry about what losing people? Okay,

[1726:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, I wouldn't worry about losing people to something like that because. But those people wouldn't really be engaged anyways, the right people will still go

[1729:41] Speaker 8: forward. We'll go forward. Well, what I did is I contacted them and I said, Well, can I, you know, once they agree to that this is this content is not to diagnose, secure, that whole line that you're supposed to use that. Once they agree to that, then the next lesson or the next course opens up and they said, No, I'm like, crap. Now I'm back to like, okay, now I gotta find another way to say what I need to say, and let them have the free stuff for free, in hopes that they will buy into the app itself.

[1741:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: I wouldn't make it to where they have to agree yes or no, okay,

[1742:59] Speaker 0: no, I wouldn't do that. Just

[1743:21] Speaker 8: make it a statement. Okay? I can do that kind of like I did on the website. Yeah, I did that over there. Just make it.

[1746:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not really. I've actually seen where people have to, like, agree yes or no, and the being a funneling thing. So no, okay,

[1748:14] Speaker 0: yeah, okay,

[1749:27] Speaker 8: all right. Well, I just one part was fun, because I got chat, G, P, T, giving me some tips on what I need to do. And it even told me how to put a trademark thing on my on my name of what I'm doing. It was but then I'm thinking, well, if I keep using it, maybe, maybe, if Christian is looking for a Christian way of doing tapping that maybe, like they did with Jeremiah, they'll send them over to me.

[1757:01] Speaker 0: Yeah, they go, awesome. So anyway, alright,

[1758:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: thank you. Yeah, they they sent it over to me through YouTube.

[1759:36] Speaker 8: Okay? Oh, it wasn't through chat, but

[1760:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: chat GPT sent them to my YouTube channel.

[1761:05] Speaker 8: Okay, so that helps me too. Okay, that's good because it was reading my YouTube videos. Yeah, I'm trying to decide how to set my content over there up. I think you can have a second channel, right? You don't have to. Okay, alright, alright, alright. That's enough questions for the day. Thanks.

[1765:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you bet Tiffany. What's going on? Tiffany?

[1766:46] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, I signed up for the Opus Pro. I'm just shout shouting out. It's a AI. That's totally cool. You have no idea how awesome my question is. Okay, so I don't know why today, everybody feels like they need to do loud stuff outside. Okay, forgive me. Um, can't hear anything. Oh, okay, well, if I yell at you, I'm not really yelling at you. It's because it's loud outside. Um, okay, I realize that there's as something when I go to talk about so with my program that I'm creating, the one that I reverse engineered, okay, and then also with my membership, it's not completed entirely just yet, and so I I've been Talking about it in, like, my podcast, and I've been like, you know, dropping snippets here and there. But when I watched the training yesterday that you recommended on launching everything, I still have this thought that's like, well, how can I, how can I get people on a list when I don't have anything completed. So I have this thought that it has to be done. Has to do all you know. I have to have all this stuff ready to go, and I don't. So how? Maybe I already know the answer. But how do I like do all that?

[1792:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's, it's, it's more of a habit thing, because you have a habit of doing that probably in every other part of your life, uh huh, where you wait till everything is completed before you do

[1794:46] Speaker 0: stuff. Oh,

[1795:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so. But just ask yourself, like, if I if I did it and it wasn't completed, what would that mean? How would that feel? What if we just did it, just to see how it would feel, and then what am I? What am I worried about or hesitant for that's stopping me from doing that thing without having it all complete?

[1800:46] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, okay, cuz in my mind, I think I have to have some launch date. I don't even have a launch date. I find that launch dates are actually not my friend, because I usually don't have it completed by that, then I'm like, Oh, crap. Now I gotta read it. You know,

[1805:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've changed a lot, like my VIP program. I've changed my launch date three times, uh huh, but then I once, I finally put it like, in the Facebook group, like, okay, that's it's ready to to go. It's actually not ready to go yet. I gotta, I still got some stuff to finish up before I put it out there. So, but okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna start. I'm starting. I have the links for people to sign up for it, and I'm gonna build it as I launch it.

[1811:53] Tiffany Quinones: So okay, because I know there's a way to create half

[1812:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: the half the time, whenever I launch things. I'm still building it out while I launch it. Oh, like, we launched my mom's telehealth company, and, like, half of it we're still building out so,

[1816:13] Speaker 4: oh, okay,

[1816:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: so you kind of create a habit of doing that too, to where, like, it's okay to launch it and then finish it up. Because part of it too is, like, it's half done now it's launched, okay, now I gotta finish it.

[1820:14] Speaker 3: Right, yeah. It

[1820:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: kind of motivates me to sort of do that. So, yeah, right. Oh,

[1821:36] Tiffany Quinones: okay, okay. Because I get out, you know, I see everything in my head, and I find,

[1822:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find, waiting till everything is done to launch tends to be self defeating oftentimes.

[1824:54] Speaker 0: So Oh,

[1825:31] Tiffany Quinones: then I Oh, okay, got it. Thank you. Okay,

[1826:49] Speaker 0: all right. Dania, how are you doing? I'm doing great. How are you good? What's going on? Good? I

[1828:37] Speaker 3: have a client right now that I'm running late for so if we could do this less than five minutes, I just want to know, since I've been incognito, I told you my story, why I had to take off, and I'm coming back around, and I know I can just tell by hearing you talk that you've changed just a lot of the ways that you've done things since I was last year, which was over a year ago, long time ago. And I'm just wondering, I feel like I'm kind of just starting over, yeah, and probably with a different perspective from coming through trials and tribulations, and I think it's a good thing, so I'm coming from a different perspective. But I'm just wondering, like, what would you like. Got such a massive amount of information out there that I could look at but what would you consider would be the most important things if you could kind of point and shoot me at just this beginning juncture. So like, go look at this, this, this, and this, and then I'll be

[1844:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did you? Did you follow your instructions, Fast Start Training? That was recent, pardon. Did you watch the Fast Start Training? I did not. Okay, yeah, go, go there. Okay, that'll help you. I did that in February, so it's couple months ago, okay, but it's the most up to date, and it, it goes there, and then I have a new like, roadmap course, as far as, like, Okay, what do you do? What do you build out? And then the main thing is just, kind of, like creating, well, what I talked about today, I don't know if you watched all of what I talked about today in the training,

[1853:34] Speaker 3: I think I did catch I was driving, but yeah,

[1854:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: so then what I talked about there was just those are, like, kind of the things that we got to build out, and evergreen program is, is recording an evergreen webinar, getting that out there, and then getting some leads and people on your email list that are going to connect around that. Okay, so the Start Here video, here's the thing. A lot of what I'm like teaching to do today. It still follows the same framework that we were doing a year or two ago, but a lot of it now is more like a lot more pre recorded content. We're using AI to help assist us with a lot of those things. So those are really the main things. Is, how do we take less time and effort to do a lot of this stuff, yeah, but this, but the ways we connect with our clients has not changed that much.

[1869:26] Speaker 0: Okay, so, yeah, yeah. So

[1869:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: the the total online six figure roadmap is under the Start Here section as well. That's a course that I had made about six months ago. That's really helpful,

[1872:22] Speaker 3: great. So yeah, well, that'll get me started. Yeah, that,

[1873:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and so those are both in the Start Here section, and actually again. So we got start here. That's the fast start, training, total, online, six figure roadmap. This is kind of like the steps of getting launched. And then I added this, the sales copywriting one right here, because that's kind of the like, if you want to dial in using AI to write sales copy, this talks about that. So those are that's kind of where you want to start.

[1881:02] Speaker 3: Great. Thank you so much. Jeremiah, good to see you again. I'm excited to be here, and I already feel encouraged just by listening today. So thank you, awesome. Great to hear. Okay, let's see you next time. Bye.

[1884:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Adele, what's going on? Adele, then we gotta wrap

[1885:11] Adele Best: up. Yeah. So the last six weeks, I don't know if you know, but I fractured my foot in an odyssey, and surgeons, yeah, so I nearly had to have an operation, but I saw the surgeon last week, and I don't need to have surgery. So anyway, he signed me off for another six weeks. I've got six weeks off work. My foot's healing nicely, so I've got six weeks to really get something launched. So obviously, when you went your evergreen model, you already had a lot of pre recorded courses. So do you recommend that, like I have pre record an offer you don't need to then create a an evergreen conversion workshop, whatever you

[1896:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't need to. One of the biggest mistakes that I made was waiting till I had all those before I launched the thing. And so no, you don't need those. You can add those over time and just start by teaching a a topic. You just start. You can start teaching live, and start turn, start creating courses as after you launch it.

[1902:53] Adele Best: Okay, so just to sell them, and once you build sales report, just do them live. Record them.

[1904:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, just record them around that time and start doing that. Yeah. Okay,

[1905:23] Adele Best: so I should just spend the six weeks creating a lead magnet on basically traffic reels, YouTube channel, start a YouTube channel,

[1907:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: start communicating. As you start making YouTube content, you're gonna get ideas for what you want to create as a course. That's it, too. So I'll I get all my best ideas for courses when I make content, when I'm teaching, when I'm coaching. So I can't tell you the first thing about coming up with ideas for a course unless I'm actively also talking on in other avenues with people, cuz I felt that it flows from that, not towards it, the courses. The courses are the downstream of content that I'm already making by talking in my group and my YouTube and my content. Okay, well, the. Kind of like the like, I take all the concepts and kind of wrap em up into one place. Okay, yeah,

[1922:19] Speaker 0: alright, okay, thank you. Cool.

[1923:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alrighty. Y'all, we're going to log off here. We went all the way to three o'clock. We haven't done that in a while. That's awesome. Great questions here today, I'm excited to take today's uh, Q and A and see what the AI comes up with off a bit, because I feel like it's going to like, I'm telling you, I love using AI to analyze my Q and A times with this group, because it just like, branches out into like, these ideas that you know never, never discovered before. I'll usually take, like, three or four of my Q and A's and then bring them all into the AI and then say, okay, what are the top main, like overarching topics that keep showing up? And so the AI starts finding, okay, what are we all what are we resonating around? But we had a lot of great like personal development topics here today, which is great. So Alright, y'all, I will see you next week. Have a good one. You.

