Lesson 4 - AI Content Creation
Date: 2025-09-23T05:22:19.000Z
Duration: 24 min
Otter ID: rwJY8vWPQ6XVbQbQRpgpNps-drA
---

[0:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, alright. So now I want to show you one of my best and favorite methods of using AI to help with content. This is honestly one of the biggest hacks that I've used constantly. And there's a couple of different approaches for this that I like. Number one, if you want to kind of automate a lot of this process, you can use a tool called Opus clip. It's actually they renamed it Opus Pro, that's right. And what it can do is it takes one long form piece of content, and it uses AI to clip it into other short form pieces of content, which is really, really cool. We use this in my business, where we'll load up my podcast, YouTube videos, and then what it's going to do is it's going to clip everything that I have in here that's going to rank it based on virality score, how good it is, things like that. And this gives us ideas for what we could create, short form pieces of content with. Okay. Now the other thing that I will do oftentimes is I might just go and take a video that I created, and now you might be saying, Jeremiah, I don't have long form piece of content. I don't even know what to say to make content. I'm going to help you with that in just a second. I'm a second. But what I do is I come up with based on some piece of content that I have, and I think you need to have some foundational piece of content that you start with. Now. You can either start with your own content, or honestly, you can start with anybody's content that's out there, and this is kind of the hack that will help you come up with ideas for content using AI. Now I can use my own content right here, like this. One's all about getting your pricing right. I get asked this all the time from people getting your pricing right in your coaching business. This is one of the, actually the top questions that I get asked. If I go and take the transcript of this, every YouTube video has a transcript. So if you go to YouTube, you can scroll down, click on Show transcript, and then click on toggle timestamps, because it has all these like, zero seconds, two seconds, four seconds. You can turn those off. Copy the entire transcript right there into chat, GPT, and then this is the prompt that I like to use. And by the way, I do this with my coaching session. Coaching sessions. I do this with almost every piece of content multiple times a week. I'm personally doing this again. I would try to use the GPT five thinking model, because it's going to be a lot better than the instant or free version of a chat GPT. And I'll say, take the following transcript and review its content, generate for me 20 ideas for additional topics or pieces of content that I could create for this same audience based around what was in this video. And what this does is every piece of content that I create has the potential to branch out. Think of it like an octopus with tentacles, like 20 tentacles, one of those ideas that chat GPT is going to give us right here is going to be useful. Not all 20 are going to be but one of the ideas is going to be useful, as far as ideas for long form content that I could create now, you could actually do the exact same thing with any video that you've found on YouTube by anybody. You know, I'm going to show you right here. This is actually a page that I followed for a while on day trading, and so I could, literally, I don't do anything with day trading, though my mom has a stocks community, I could pull up his transcript right here from his video training. Copy the transcript again. This is not my training. This is somebody else's. I copy this transcript oopsie and do the exact same thing. So if I go right here, I could say, generate me 20 ideas for long form content. That are different and unique. By the way, the key is to say different and unique, because otherwise it's just going to literally give you 20 versions of the exact same transcript that you pasted in that it's so it's not going to be unique. So you want to say that different unique than this transcript for this same audience. And again, I know that prompt was different. I prompt things different all the time. There's no one right or wrong way to prompt things in AI. And by the way, I want to give you kind of some of that freedom a little bit is, is that the only thing you want to do is, you want to be very specific about what you want AI to do. But there's not one right or wrong way to prompt, AI at all, prompt it like you're prompting a real human is the best thing. How would you communicate with a with a real person? Eyelash in my eye while I'm recording? Alright? Alright. So here we go. It took this video right here, which is how to start day trading, and generated us 20 ideas based on this, going from simulation to live, the $500 challenge, order, routing, tape reading lab pre market. So this gives you ideas that you could then create content long form content, off of which then could turn into short form content. You could again use Opus Pro. You could use chat GPT can actually help you also translate stuff into short form content. Let's go to my video right here. It was all about pricing for coaches, the $4.95 cent trip wire playbook, price test, sprint membership, math made simple. Now again, I would probably make this without a calculator, because I don't want to take the time to make a calculator. I gotta, you know, I want to get my content out quickly. So again, you don't need to do exactly what the IDEA says, but it, it brainstorms ideas for you. A three tier, attention ladder, retention ladder, the first 30 days, onboarding that reduces churn, weekly delivery engine, okay? Ads for paid lead magnets. So those are all ideas for pieces of video content that I could create, long form content that I could then use to translate into other things like that. Sometimes, when I am doing my coaching calls with my clients as well. Like, let's say I'm doing a Q and A call. What I will often do, I do this weekly, really, is I take the transcript of whatever coaching or Q and A call that I was doing, and I use a tool called otter AI. It transcribes all of my Zoom calls automatically. So everything that I do on zoom with my audience goes into otter AI and gets transcribed. And so what I'll do is I'll, I'll just export this to the clipboard right here. We'll go into chat, GBT, and we'll say, what are the top topics that were discussed in this by the way, actually, I think I have this as a prompt in my chat, GPT prompt document, it's under tasks that I have it it do. I believe you scroll down. It's past the landing page. Content, one we're not trying to create sales copy necessarily. See here.

[142:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Question, take the transcript all the underlying questions. Yeah, that's pretty good. That's, that's one version of it. Think I have a few other versions of the same one.

[147:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh yeah, here's the other version, right. Here goes a little bit deeper. Paste the transcript. Q and A, okay. So what I will do is I'll take a Q and A transcript where it says, paste transcript here. I'll take this,

[153:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: put the transcript there.

[155:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, run it through chat, GPT, and what is this prompt that we're prompting? Well, we're asking it to what are the top topics that were discussed? The following is a list of transcripts from coaching sessions with our clients. Take the questions. List them out all the. Questions that were asked. Figure out what is the question behind the question, and then dive a bit deeper to figure out what the underlying issues and problems are that this group is dealing with. Formulate a list of outcomes that they all want specifically. Craft a list of pain points and problems. Go deeper on the emotional benefits, then formulate 10 headlines based on the questions that were asked. Okay, so it's going to go in. It's going to grab all the questions that were asked, turning a $5 loss leader into a self liquidating lead engine. Offer clarity, niche targeting, Evergreen funnels, top questions asked, substance only, pleasantries removed. Question behind the question, Can I reliably buy customers at or near break even, what proof promise or positioning will make strangers trust me fast, underlying issues and problems, shared outcomes, pain points, okay, emotional benefits, 10 headlines turn a $5 class into an unlimited traffic engine, from generic to book, solid bridge offer that buyers crave. So this gives us ideas for that. Now the second one is, I want you to take all these outputs formally, 10 one hour lessons. Remember this a very warm audience that sat through hundreds of hours of lectures. You need to come up with something that's really unique. That's exactly what they've come up with. Come up with 10 ideas based on this. So this is going to for my coaching group. Come up with using AI, what I want to teach my audience, what I want to share with my audience. Okay, here's 10 fresh lessons that you can teach. Why it's unique, the specific outcome from generic to this is for me, getting specific in your sales copy, creating a bridge offer, okay? And so that'll help you also come up with what you could create trainings around what you could create content around things like that. Let me just show you here real quick as well you can you can also do this. Take the following transcript and generate for me 20 ideas for Instagram reels based on this content. And I might prefer to again do this with my YouTube content, because those are more specific to a specific topic, versus a, a Q and A has a lot of questions in it, a lot of questions. People have asked me a lot of things that they they want to know, things like that. Okay, let me go back over here and take this one, or take this transcript from my YouTube video that I did, or have it generate some Instagram reels ideas. So if I want to record an Instagram reel on certain content I can use, again, my long form content to come up with ideas. I could use somebody else's content, like, again, Ross's video here, if I'm doing day trading content to give me Instagram reels ideas, you really need to break up with this concept, and this idea of, I got to be the one to come up with all the ideas in your business. Use AI to help you, because once you get the ball rolling with the AI, you'll start to see what is the algorithm responding to, how are people responding? You'll start to get ideas, and then use your own intuition, knowledge and expertise to curate which of the ideas that the AI gives you that you want to run with. Specifically, that's what I do. I have the AI give me 20 ideas, and I pick the one that feels really good for my audience, that I would be excited to share with them. So again, this is like the 495 filter free leads are costing you hold the $5 bill. Low ticket leads take action. So what I could do is I could take this one, generate for me a script for five versions of Insta Instagram reels like this one. So I'm constantly taking what it's giving me I'm having it recraft it into some form of content that I could then use in that way. Okay, so give me a script that I might be able to use when someone even pays you 495, they're not as a curious clicker, they're a buyer that tiny price tag filters out tire kickers the. Get serious about action takers. You don't want just freeloaders. You want people who are actually going to take action okay. And so this gives you ideas that you could use, just ideas to generate that way. Now another thing that I'll do is when it comes to social media. Every piece of content that we have also has a caption that goes along with it. And so what I will usually do is I will take my different pieces of content, let's say this YouTube video right here, and depending on what platform I'm going to actually put it on. So this is a podcast I can take again, that transcript of my YouTube video, and I could say, generate me a description for my podcast based on this transcript, okay, and then have it go ahead and generate me a description for the podcast. I meet so many people with their content that they literally won't put stuff out there because they don't know what to type in the description. They don't know how to say it the right way. You do not need to think that hard. You do not need to work that hard. Okay, I'll even for the podcast. Here's a description of this video that you could use for a podcast. I'll say, generate me 20 titles for this podcast episode. Now, again, I might not go based on the titles that it gives me, but I'm going to look at the list, and I have a VA that actually does this. I have a virtual assistant who runs these prompts on every piece of content that I create, sends it to me, and then I pick it from the list, and then she goes and puts it out there. She'll generate the graphic and all that based on that, the coach's pricing playbook. It's pretty good. As far as the title right there, here's a description right here. Okay. I so there's that. Now let's say I want to take this same video, and I say I want to post this. I want to post this video on Facebook. Write me a description for a Facebook post that is conversational to my warm audience. To go with this video. So it's going to be a different type of a description. It's not going to be the same thing that I would put on, say, the podcast episode, same with like, if I want to put the piece of content on YouTube, coaches and mentors, quit gut check. Are your prices protecting your time or draining it? In today's episode, I break down the exact stack that I use and help clients to use. Okay, now I would still edit this. I would still put this together. I might say, write me an email to send to my warm market list to encourage them to listen to this week's podcast episode, and so it's not it's going to come up with an email for me that I can send out. It's going to come up with something that I could send to my audience, that I could use to let them know about what's out here. Free leads are costing you. Here's the fix. Never wondered, Am I charging the right amount this week's episode goes into this for you, I break down the exact pricing that I use. So again, you do not need to work so hard with putting content out there, coming up with ideas for content to be able to share this type of stuff that's out there with people. Now, the last cool thing that you can do as well is even short form content. We'll take a piece of short form content right here, okay, and we're going to put this, we're going to we're going to take this, we're Going to transcribe it.

[307:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take the transcript. Okay? Export, export. Okay, so here's a transcript for a piece of short form content right here that's actually a little bit longer than a piece of short form content. That is much longer than a piece of short form content, let me find one that's actually a short form. Here we go.

[323:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, yeah, here's a piece of short film content right here that I took the video of and I put this in here, and I can go into chat, GPT, and I can say, so, like this is like a, like a, like a one minute long video that I might put on the Instagram reel, write Me a description for Instagram to go with this Instagram reel, take the transcript and write me the description. Okay, I'll paste that in there. And then what's going to do is it's going to actually create a description that we can actually put on our Instagram reel along with this, as you just copy and paste. There we go. I found a YouTube video where I laid out exactly how AI works. Back then I said, this. Was it a prediction? Was it a lucky guess? This fires up comment. This of the, I mean, my favorite AI, resources. So let's say, like I have a resource that I want to send people, I might attach that with it, things like that. So what I want this to show you is, again, using chat, GPT, and by the way, for Instagram reels, deep seek is actually a little bit better for that. So I like to use a tool called po.com because it contains lots of AI algorithms. It contains claw that contains deep seek, it contains grok, it contains all of those. I like to use deep seek, our one for Instagram reels generate me an Instagram reel description to go with this transcript, and you're gonna see why I like deep seek. Just a little bit more for Instagram reels.

[356:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Did I predict the AI revolution back in 2020 2018 watch this real work to see my eerily accurate take from five years ago before AI went mainstream, I envisioned the ultimate knowledge synthesizer, by the way, that was an actual Instagram reel that I created back in 2018 I actually did, seven years ago, predict Almost exactly how AI works. It's kind of nobody was talking about it at the time, but so that was kind of a really cool reel that I had done. So anyways, this gives you some ideas for how you can use AI to come up with content ideas to synthesize content into descriptions, emails, Instagram, reel descriptions, things like that. Depending on what format it is that you want to put it into. You got to tell the AI what that format is, and you might test out different algorithms, using deep seek, using Claude, using metas, AI, grok, chat, GBT, that's why I like the tool called poe.com that's p o e.com and it is one of my favorite tools that's out there, p o e.com because it has so many different AI tools in one low monthly price. So Alright, everybody. Hope that helps you. We'll see you in the next lessons.

