AI Content Creation Workshop
Date: 2025-12-18T19:31:40.000Z
Duration: 4 min
Otter ID: O0Mgn0OexXWzjRAgNSPFDG9-ezg
---

[1:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: A super beginner, non techie course on AI video content creation, create your own digital twin without filming all day or feeling fake, to create incredible content that gets tons of engagement. If you're someone who wants to help people, but you hate making video content, this is for you get your ideas out there, start sharing them with people by using AI to create incredible content. This is not a super complicated course, but a step by step mini class on a workflow that we're using to create incredible short form AI videos to show up consistently and market with integrity, no hype, no manipulation, no weird, be it influence or energy, just clear plans, prompts and momentum that you can walk away with.

[21:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Create on brand content with AI that sells your offers without feeling like you're spending your whole life in Canva, feeling salesy or trying to become a tech person overnight. If you've got real experience, real results, real people, you want to help. This is going to boost your marketing like nothing else. This is not an AI is the future hype webinar. Rather, it's a beginner friendly do it with me, where I show you how to use AI as a tool to help you create incredible content.

[30:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll show you how to make AI videos that feel real, that look good, how to use it to design content, how to make incredible video content that looks just like You.

[37:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll show you how the fastest way to create logos, design, stock photos. You don't need expensive cameras, lighting equipment, complex software. You don't need to spend hours trying to get the perfect image or style. Or show you exactly what to do to create the best content and the best videos with AI for different channels. You turn any image into a video, create unlimited B roll, great, scroll, stopping. Ai video that you can use for content and ads. This isn't a gimmick, but rather one of the most powerful shifts that we've seen that creates, sometimes 10 to 100 times the engagement for us. We'll show you how you can clone yourself and create a digital twin with your AI content that feels real and doesn't look like it was made with AI. We'll show you, step by step how to do so if you're not techie, exactly the best ways to use AI to create incredible content and to integrate it with what you're already doing. So it doesn't feel fake, doesn't feel forced, doesn't feel like you let a robot do all your content creation.

