WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-05-19T21:16:50.000Z
Duration: 108 min
Otter ID: iRqMMFqGWCB_a68ZGLecn1Ogg78
---

[1:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, here we go. Let's go give it to

[8:01] Speaker 1: All right,

[10:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: hello, Karen, Hello, how are you? Hello, I'm good. How are you good? We have Akiko Yoshi Johnson in here. We got Michelle plosinski, the great, Michelle glasinski, how are you great? How are you wonderful? We got Karen, Akiko. We got Wade coming on right here. What's up? Wade? How are you today? Welcome on in. Wade's got a nice studio set up that's awesome. Looks great. All right, we go live in the I'm the Facebook group right here. Oh,

[24:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's trying to go live twice. There we go. All right, do this. All right. Copy that. Okay. Well, today is our live training here today in the wealthy coach Academy program. And again, for those that are new members that have jumped in again, I highly recommend, if you haven't go through the Jump Start training in the members area. That's gonna be one of the best places to start is going through that in the Facebook group. If you're in the Facebook group, that's a great place to be able to post and ask your questions throughout the week, I can review those. I've had an opportunity to chat with quite a few of you a little bit privately this week, which is great. Um, couple people have jumped into the VIP program here as well, which is awesome. So we'll be having our call for that tomorrow. What I want to go over today is something that I believe is going to help everybody who is here right now. Let me, let me first back up here and say that the fact that you are here right now is huge, and I don't take that lightly, and I know that you have a busy schedule, and I'm thankful that you're here and that you trust me with your your time to be able to hear and listen to the training the trainings go into the members area, and that's where you can access any of the recordings. Over the last couple of weeks, we've actually been touching on a lot of the like technical aspects of like, the latest stuff with AI and writing sales copy and creating our offers, and putting a lot of that together. And what I found was is that there's a couple of things that I wanted to touch on today that I think are going to be strategically helpful. One of them is, how do you when you are a coach and you're used to delivering quality results to people, I think every single one of us that's here, we're used to delivering quality results to the people that we work with. We're not just delivering for the sake of selling a course, selling a program. And listen, there's a lot of coaches out there, by the way, they just care about the numbers, the money. How can they make a lot of money? They don't care about the results. That's actually delivered to people. But that's not the community that we have here, the community that we have here is about helping create transformation in people's lives, doing so with integrity, doing so honestly. How do you deliver a high quality product? And I'll say this, we have a lot of people as well that they whether they're here live or they watch the recordings. They're trained in creating courses, creating trainings. They have experience in mentoring and coaching people, but when it comes to the balance of getting clients to. How do we navigate that without losing quality, without losing authenticity, without affecting the delivery of what we're doing, especially if you're used to going from one on one coaching to doing so with a group coaching program, and so that's what I want to talk about here today. Is why I believe that one of the greatest strengths that I think every single person here has, hey, Mary, how are you? Hey, Tim Adele, welcome on in Adele, one of our greatest strengths, every single person that's here has can become our biggest weakness when it comes to getting clients and so, and I'm saying this As somebody who has dealt with this as probably one of my core strengths is that a I care so much about getting people results, I care about not wasting anybody's time every I think about every five minutes that somebody spends with me when I'm doing A Webinar. Is this worth their time? I think about when I'm creating a course, every thing that I'm sharing in my course is this worth the time that I'm delivering now I'll say over the years, I've gotten better at being succinct with my time, being able to be more focused with my ability to deliver the content that I'm delivering. I was not that great at that for the longest time, just because I never actually, I never actually received any formal training in teaching or coaching. I've never actually received, weirdly enough, any formal training in any of the stuff that I'm doing beyond just being in the trenches doing it, I have way more experiential knowledge of building successful businesses and so again, that's why I say this. Like full transparency, a lot of the people that I mentor in our programs are probably better coaches, mentors, trainers, at what they deliver than me overall. And oftentimes I might not even have any background in what they're delivering, but they just they understand the technology of that side of things. And so this is why you don't necessarily come into this program to like, learn how to be the best mentor or learn how to be the best coach. Now, sidebar to that, if you're just starting out, maybe you've never taught anything or anything like that. Maybe you're watching this training, you're like, gosh, you know, I I've I've never taught anything before. I've never taught anybody before. I will say, like I got, I have trainings on creating courses. I have trainings on how to coach well, and it's skills that I've learned over the years, but I know that there are areas for improvement, even my own coaching and training and teaching ability. Okay, so I just like full transparency with that, but where I excel is in the sales, marketing, advertising and technology. And technology, and I think every single one of you can recognize that, and that's why you're here, that's why you want to work with with me, that's why you're you're committed to being here, and some of you have been here a long time because of how much value you're getting out of it. And so there's a balance here that I have noticed, is the difference maker between financially successful coaches that are running group coaching programs and people that are maybe they're great coaches, but there's but they don't have the right wide front door to reach people. What you want is you want to have, you have a program or two. And by the way, if you're going to have two programs, you want different tiers. You want one right here, at one price point, another one at a higher price point. Let me use maybe a little bit of a darker Archer. Let me see where do I have a blue marker here. Nope, I got the red one. The red one will shine through this fight. They always say, like, don't always use red because it's like a stopping color with people, but it does stand out, so that's okay. We'll use red right now. Okay, so like your programs, they fit into these different containers. If you got one program we teach here, like, have it be some kind of in a recurring group membership system to where you can charge a monthly fee and you're able to get the profits from it monthly that come in. I would not recommend just simply selling courses. Courses sake, if you're going to have individual one off courses, you want those to be more entry point low ticket, front door offers that might be anywhere from seven to $27 right here. Okay, you could have a membership that's anywhere from 27 up to $197 and then what I've seen is that a high ticket offer, this will be anywhere from 500 to $2,500 per month. So this would be like an individual course is seven to $27 your membership, entry level membership, 27 to $297 a month. Like, for instance, the wealthy coach Academy is $197

[174:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: a month. I personally don't think that it that I can provide the value that I need to for lower than that, and the quality of people that we're attracting also is not there the commitment level, because I'm looking for a quality of person for what I offer. Remember, I need somebody who is they know how to coach, they know how to mentor, they know how to train. They're looking for the lead generation. They're looking to know how to attract more clients that in a high ticket, this would be 500 to $2,500, per month. And then you could have a higher ticket tier above that, like, for instance, I actually, some of you don't know this. I actually have a higher tier, and I'm going to start marketing this a little bit more. I have a higher tier, above my VIP program. The initial cost of the VIP program is $900 a month. But my higher ticket tier, it actually starts at $5,500 a month, right here. And interestingly enough, in some of the conversations I've had with people, I've had like four or five people ask me if I have a tier like this, because what I'm offering is this is where I work with you to actually, I'm in there building training teams with you. I am running your ads for you. I'm helping build out all your landing pages. Like, I'm physically doing the tech with you. Like, not just like coaching you, not just guiding you, but I'm actually hands on in there, creating that stuff with you. And this can go upwards to $14,000 a month. So that just depends on, like, Are you hiring my people to work with you? What are we doing as far as that goes? So that's like a high tier right there. What does that add up to? I always look at this in terms of yearly output. Okay, so calculator, let's pull up a calculator right here, and what we have is 14. $1,000 a month, times 12, that is $168,000 so essentially, what I'm selling is a $168,000 package. Okay, and that's the highest tier of like done for you, or I do everything. Basically, you just sit there, hands off, and I'll run everything for you. As far as marketing goes, marketing, advertising, all that, you name it. This tier right here, $5,500 a month. That comes out to $66,000 a year. Okay, so again, I'm not necessarily seeing it that I'm selling a $5,500 a month program. I'm selling like a $66,000 a year program. And think about this, what would it cost for somebody to hire a salary of somebody that would be able to provide even half of the output that I'm offering, it would actually cost almost double what I'm charging right here in in salaries for people to to offer that. That's how I came up with a lot of these different rates here. And so that's that's something that I do offer as well, is that I'm saying this because I believe every single one of you to be able to really optimize your business in group coaching and group mentoring, is to look at the different tiers of what you're offering to people, okay? And this is again described as in marketing and coaching, the value ladder. You've heard the term the value ladder so you have, like, free content right here. This is all my YouTube content. These are my webinars YouTube. This is my social media, right? You. Now I want to pause here, because how in the world is it possible to deliver high quality service, coaching, mentoring, training and not burn yourself out with what I just described. For most people, it is impossible, and I tell you as somebody who I wouldn't say I burned myself out because that's just something I refuse to do. I have I grew up. I'm thankful. I grew up around a mom who almost died, burning herself out in business and in life and people pleasing and worrying about that. And so I committed day one in business. In my business, burnout is not an option. Never has been. What I do in business. I do it because I love it, because I'm thriving in it, and because I enjoy it, and it's always going to be fun for me, no matter what I'm doing. If it's not fun, I'm going to outsource it and have somebody else do those types of things. So how do you deliver a high quality business and offer these different tiers where you might then have like low ticket offers, right? We mentioned low ticket, seven to $27 this could be like a challenge or a micro course that you offer. So all of these tiers right here are are for marketing purposes, and this is really where I would say I provide you the most value is helping you know what to put your time into this. I want to encourage you in this. These are what create growth. However, the structure of how you're charging is what creates the financial results that you have, and I want to show you how to marry those two together while still delivering the highest quality possible in an evergreen system program and business that you can run, that can run on autopilot, without you necessarily needing to be the one that's doing everything and how to leverage your time better. This is a highly leveraged strategy right here. You see a lot of coaches. They are even experiencing burnout just from doing one on one coaching. I'll tell you one one on one. Coaching, in the traditional sense of it, is a recipe for burnout, because you are exchanging your hours for the amount of dollars that you get, and you are limited in the amount of scale that you can accomplish. I'm going to say that again, you're exchanging dollars for your hours, and you're limited in the amount of scale that you can accomplish. So what I look at is to to flip all of that on its head and have these multiple tiers. We have an entry membership right here. Okay, and by the way, that's what the wealthy coach Academy is right here. This is my entry membership. This is, again, anywhere from 27 to $197 a month. Those price points, I'm mentioning all these price points because those are, those are the most proven price points in the industry. And I would say for most of you, even 97 or $77 a month would be pretty good. I've even seen some that are at like, $60 a month. You can offer a lot of really fun like discounts and stuff at this level. You can do free trials, you can do discounts. You can offer 80% off for the first month, or the first three months, or whatever, to bundle it, just to get somebody into your ecosystem. And you've noticed, those are some of the things that I've been doing as far as in our programs here. And the reason why is because, again, the entry level membership, the goal is to get somebody in the door to experience what it's like to be in your ecosystem. Now, everything that happens inside of the entry level membership is still going to feed into the lower and upper tier levels. Okay, then we have our first high ticket tier right here. Okay, high ticket and a high ticket tier. We're going to charge anywhere from 500 to. Whoops, 500 to $2,500 a month. Those are what I've seen. Are pretty good price points on there. So So let's pull out our calculator here, and let's do the math on this. I hope that this is helping you, because sometimes just breaking down the math and all that is really, really helpful to do this. Okay, so let's go back to our 27 to $197 membership. If somebody's in there for a year, that's $324 in a year. So what you might do is, what I like to do is I like to split that number in half, and that becomes our yearly promotion. Or you could split it into a quarter that becomes like your quarterly promotion. So you could say, Hey, it's 27 bucks a month, but it's $97 to get, to get four or six months with us. So it sounds like an incredible deal for people to get a discount, to be able to join you at that type of a level. Um, if you're doing $197

[335:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: a month, that adds up to times 12, $2,364 you dollars. And then that's where, again, you could say, oh, it's only $1,000 for the entire year, or it's $2,000 for the whole year. I think what do I have mine priced at right now? I think it's like 550, plus 697, plus 697, so it comes right around, like, again, it's $2,000 because I priced mine within a year inside of my entry level membership, it's $2,000 now. Now I want, I want to create a juxtaposition here, and I want, and I want to show a comparison. I have clients right now today, and I just closed another one this week that pay me $8,000 a month to consult them. By the way, $8,000 a month I actually probably deliver more. I it takes me more time for my like group coaching programs, even than my $8,000 a month clients, because a lot of that is very leveraged as far as that goes. So I have clients that are paying me $8,000 a month. My entry level membership pays me $2,000 a year per client. You see the difference in like the gap there, as far as the value gap goes, and it's because I'm providing value to people at the different tiers and levels that they're at. Now, we've had people go through this tier right here and get incredible results. I know Ian Carroll. He was able to go up to making $60,000 a month using what we teach inside of our wealthy coach Academy program. He followed exactly what I'm teaching right here, the tears everything, created his offers and did all that that way. Now for a high ticket program, what we're looking at for the pricing is $500 a month equals, yep, $6,000 That's right. So $6,000 a year, that's kind of like your initial high ticket cost is going to be around $6,000 if you're going $2,500 a month, you're looking at $30,000 so a $30,000 high ticket package, my friend Rick Pino, he sells his high ticket packages for, I believe it's 10,600 is his entry tier high ticket. He has a $36,000 high ticket package, which he sells a lot of. And then he has a, I think it's $120,000 high ticket package. It's $10,000 a month as well. And that's where, essentially his whole team does everything for them, and all that type of stuff. So you're so you can see how what fits into these frameworks. That's a high ticket coaching package. And then you have high level consulting. You have a lot of this is like, done with you, done for you, type of stuff that's anywhere from 5500 up to, let's, let's round it up to like, $15,000 a month, right there, at that level. And here's what's interesting, these numbers that I just gave you here are actually about 50% less than if you if you were teaching this to somebody 1015 years ago, these numbers are actually about 50% cheaper than what the highest level programs were charging about 1015 years ago. Why is that? I think it's because of artificial intelligence, and it's because of YouTube. And I think that to build your business, I think that some of the price points that people were charging, they're not getting the same level of clients at those price points, and so we have to innovate. We have to figure out, okay, how do we fit our business into the price point that's actually going to get the clients for us that we're looking to accomplish? So how do you actually deliver a high quality coaching program by doing this, here's, here's how you do it. As you figure out how to get done with your time, more leveraged output with less hours put in, and you spend a lot less time brainstorming and coming up with these different levels right here, and you start learning to outsource what you need to to skilled people that can help you do those things for you. If you're finding that something is taking you so much time and testing and effort back and forth, back and forth to do it. And listen, I understand some of you. You don't have a budget to hire people. I understand that. But can I tell you, you might be surprised what what saving up 200 or $500 might do to hire somebody to build out your whole funnel for you, to create your landing pages and to get all of that done the right way, instead of you banging your head against the wall for six to 12 months wondering, why is this not getting done? Why is this not getting accomplished? And there's something that happens that I notice oftentimes with coaches and mentors. I don't say this to be offensive at all. We can be Penny smart and dollar ignorant. We can be really smart with pinching our pennies every which way, as far as what I'm spending my money on over here, that we literally miss out on the opportunity to create more wealth and more income for us, because we are so internally focused as far as Okay, I gotta make sure like I, I'm, I'm going to give you an example of what that looks like. There was a wonderful lady that I met who was extremely skilled at teaching and courses and coaching, and she had a degree in it, has been doing it for 40 years, but she couldn't bring herself to paying $20 a month for a paid zoom membership. And so for six months, I heard her complaining that she couldn't seem to get all these other tools or applications that she already paid for to work, for delivering to clients and getting clients to show up. And I'm thinking in my head, I'm like, I mean this with all due respect to her, and by the way it I'm sad most fact, it really offended her when I told her this. I told her, I mean this with like, the most respect, and I listen. I had to, like, let go of the fact that, like, listen. It's not my job to she got offended. It's not my job to to manage that. I got to tell the truth. I got to be a truth teller here that's telling people what they need to hear, not just making them feel good all the time. I told her, I mean this, but like you, you, you, you missed out on being able to get something launched, get something out there, start getting clients, start testing things out, because you were so focused on saving $20 a month that you missed out on making $20,000 a month for six to 12 months. And I didn't necessarily say it exactly that way, but that's exactly what I mean. Is that sometimes our desire for excellence, for things to be the right way we we have. How many of you have a right way that you want to do things in your business? I think all of us can see that we have a vision for what the right way that everything should go in our business is. And this is one of the biggest things that has stalled me out for so often, from getting the kind of clients and business that I want to have as I have a vision in my mind that I built up in my head as far as how I want my programs to look, how I want my consulting to look, how I want my high ticket coaching to look, how I want my membership to Look, how I want my family life to look, how I want my social media content to look, how I want my webinars to look my landing pages. I'm still working on those webinars and landing pages are like the last one that I've like, not fully given up to grips on, because I feel like they're like my baby, that I'm like babying. But I. Know that I know that I know that I need to let go of my perfectionism around those things. My need to, quote, unquote, do it right. And I'm not saying that we're doing anything wrong by any instance, hear me out when I say doing anything right versus not doing versus I want. I want you to be more I want you to be more effective then you are concerned with in your sales and marketing. Because, again,

[488:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: we, I know you all have a lot of different backgrounds. There's there's there's logistics, when it comes to real estate, when it comes to therapy, when it comes to counseling, when it comes to certain logistics. I was meeting with a client this week, one of my consulting clients, and he's like, my only concern, we just started working together. He said My only concern is there is a very specific protocol that we do when it comes to delivering what we are selling to people. Let me give you another awesome example of this that I have right now. Some of y'all might know, like of my mom, Sandy Krakowski, she just launched a telehealth company. Okay, so my mom, for years, has been around mentoring, coaching, training. This is her right here. She just launched a telehealth company right now. We have compounded GLP ones right now and we're she's adding hormones and menopause, testosterone, estrogen, number of different things you literally work with a doctor. This is actual, like, doctor, prescription, prescribed medicine right here, like this is there is there are protocols, legally, that you cannot deviate from when it comes to delivering a product that's a prescription based product, but when it comes to the marketing side of things, listen, there's still protocols that fit into that, and There's certain logistics. But what you want to do is you don't want our need in any business, in any industry, for the best practices, for doing things the right way, to keep you from connecting with the amount of clients that are going to change your bank account, your life and your business. And this is where amateurs fail. This is where people who, and I, when I say amateurs, it's like you're not making the kind of money that you want to make. The pros that are making seven figures and eight figures succeed in this area, where everybody else, even those that are making multiple six figures, fail at is this one thing the need to do everything the right way, that looks right, that sounds right, that is accurate, that is perfect in every single way, from a marketing, sales and content creation perspective. And so what I encourage people to do, is this, what is going to create the balance for you in your ability to get clients, your ability to deliver high quality coaching is to figure out how to speed up and streamline your your front door to be To be able to iterate, to be able to test things more often. I here's what I see a lot of coaches end up doing. They have a book that they've launched, and then they do it. They might run a webinar or a challenge. Maybe it didn't get the kind of traction they wanted, and then they spent 12 months licking their wounds, trying to recover from the failure. By the way, it's not a failure in my book. I'm gonna explain why the failure of that one campaign that failed instead of iterating to connect with and figure out, Okay, what does my market want? More than anything else, we are in the business of figuring out the desires of the people that we are marketing to promise. Sing the outcomes to those desires and then using systems and our ability to deliver the value that we only can offer people to be able to fulfill on what those promises are. And we need to look at this from the perspective of a business owner, not the identity of a coach or mentor. You know, in the telehealth industry, there are a lot of great doctors, and by the way, I don't know if you know this, you actually have to be a doctor to own a company that's delivering telehealth Some of y'all might be curious, because my mom is not a doctor. How does she own a telehealth company? She's actually partnered with a doctor that owns a company that she does the front end marketing that then filters people over into that Okay, so there's a very specific way to do that, as mentors, as coaches, we have our coach hat, we have our mentor hat, we have what we deliver to our clients. And again, if you understand like about parts work or or even things like that, it's almost like it's a part of us that shows up as a coach or mentor when I'm showing up as a coach, when I'm showing up as a mentor, I put my sales hat on hold. I'm not just I'm not trying to sell you on something that's a higher level for you to go to, because my goal is to deliver on what I promised you the transformation that you came through the door for. And I would say, every single person that's here, I can see the different names that are on here. Every person that we have in this program here is great at doing that. I've looked at your programs. You're great at delivering what you offer. People you well, where a lot of us, and, gosh, it's like, it pains me to say this, where, where we're not so good at is, how do we put on that sales and marketing hat? How do we put on that CEO hat? And there's two kind of forms here. If you have the budget to outsource. I would recommend outsourcing as much as possible the technical aspects of your business, not trying to do it all yourself, not trying to be the one that's in the weeds with your hands, pulling up your sleeves, doing everything every day by the same note, however, you need to understand the sales and marketing, you need to understand the communication frameworks how to communicate with people that closes a sale. There is a cadence to how you communicate. There is a process and a framework to the words that you say in webinars on advertising campaigns on YouTube in your content, and it's very different from the coaches hat that we necessarily put on. And then when it comes to marketing our business, we end up feeling like, I want to make sure that I'm delivering value to people. How. How often have you heard out there that the way to get clients is you just deliver value, you just give value, you just give value away, and people are going to become clients. That's only partially true, because value is a dime a dozen these days. We have YouTube, we have there's a ton of social media content. Everybody's been hearing for the last 20 years, deliver value, and you'll get clients. So now there is no lack of value that is out there. What is there a lack of right now? There's a lack of connection and understanding and the ability to connect with a stranger to persuade them to buy into what you're offering. And oftentimes we look at this and say, Okay, well, that's really complicated, and I don't even understand what those words mean, because our coach hat is trying to understand, okay, persuasion, sales, marketing. I don't want to be a marketing expert. I'm not trying to be that. I just want to serve clients. And what this does is this creates stress, anxiety. Our nervous system starts freaking out. We start feeling like we're not good enough. We're not showing up good enough. Dollars, and then somebody shows up with a coaching program for just $197 a month that promises the world of all of the solutions that we've ever wanted,

[642:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: by the way, like literally, that's exactly what the coaching industry is, is that there are the stress and the anxieties and the worries and the pain points that people are feeling, and then we come along with a solution to offer to somebody who's in that time of need, who's in that time of stress, and we're able to point them to that. Now here's the unfortunate fact about the coaching industry, and it stinks to high heaven. Most people are just exploiting and taking advantage of people who are down on their luck. There's a lot of coaches out there that don't have the integrity that you and I have. There's a lot of people out there that they are looking for their next score, quote, unquote, by finding who are the most vulnerable people that they can manipulate out of loads of cash to become their next victims. And unfortunately, well, fortunately enough, the the federal trade commission in the United States has started to go after a lot of those people, and I think that that's a good thing, and I think that that levels the playing field because it creates and it requires more honesty for coaches. What ends up happening, though, is that then mentors and coaches, we don't know how to explain and market ourselves in a way that is legit and legal and is not going to get us in trouble. And then we wonder, okay, how do I deliver a high quality service and offer to people and yet still be effective with my sales and marketing? What it is is this is that we have to take a step back. I think one of the mistakes that we can make is by self identifying our identity as I am a coach that does this. I am somebody. And by the way, this is not a popular message. What I'm about to say to you right now, actually, if my if some of my competitors heard what I'm sharing with you, they would be like, wait that. No, don't tell people that. Don't tell people that. Because what I want to do is I want to activate you to go to a higher level in your business. Did you know I'm actually going to expose something about the coaching industry, that there are manipulative language frameworks to get people to buy in stronger to something, and to basically talk them out of any other options. I actually don't teach those here because I don't think that they're ethical, I don't think that they're moral. I don't think that they're the right things to do where they actually get somebody to buy into something who's not a good fit for what's offered, simply to close a sale. There are frameworks to actually do this. It is a human psychology trigger that you can tap right into to get anybody to buy anything, and it's something that and actually look back at my mom's legacy. My mom was one of my first mentors when we were building a real change. Her her coaching business, her and I both committed to never be those people that just use these manipulative sales strategies just to get a sale and not deliver results to people. And unfortunately, that is very common in the coaching world today, and often times, when you go through a lot of trainings, maybe you mentors that you've been through that are teaching about coaching, they are actually using these certain frameworks to get you to buy into what they're Offering. And they're using these frameworks to make you feel like they're the only one that can help you, and they use these frameworks to basically isolate you. A lot of them are connected to if you've ever learned about like gaslighting and narcissists and the way that that works, basically to gaslight you into shrinking yourself down to fit into the mold of the version of yourself that they can control and manipulate the most. Okay, so, like, I'm gonna just tell you this a lot of the high level coaching programs. Are even out there. Even some of the ones that claim to be more ethical are doing this, and they're teaching this. How do I know this? Because I've listened to their trainings, I've been through their seminars, and I know that they're doing this, and because what they're doing is they're creating a dependency for you on what they are offering. Now, on the flip side, it's different. What I what I've always committed to do is to stand out and say, Let's be different than needing to do that to get our clients. And unfortunately, it becomes a lot harder to get sales if you're not doing those different techniques, those different strategies, but but you can sleep well at night. You can feel really good about who you're working with. And while it is harder to get more sales when I'm saying harder, the hard part has to do with what's going on in internally, inside of our two ears, right here, our mindset when I say that it's harder to get sales and not use those manipulative strategies, it has more to do with your thinking than anything else, and so one of those is self identifying as I am a coach. I coach people. That's what I do. It ends up pigeonholing you into a box and shrinking yourself a lot smaller than you really are.

[745:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm collecting my words here because I'm really I'm really careful how I'm going to say this, you are so much greater than just being a coach. You have so much more potential at your disposal than just merely mentoring. People. And the other thing too is I don't just merely define success by a monetary number, but rather by the lives that are impacted. And I believe that if we can get our minds off of, okay, I want to make X, Y, Z, amount of dollars. And we say, Okay, I want to impact this many people right here. And we start to get a visualization of seeing ourselves impacting people in a positive way. I want you to zoom out on your life. I want you to just imagine that you're seeing yourself okay. Here's the version of you that's a coach. I want you to zoom out and see yourself as somebody who is a world changer, who can impact other people in a positive way, that when people meet you, their lives are made better because of it. I want you to see yourself as somebody who is not just well. I have my course, I have my program, I have my framework. I have what I've been trained in. I want you to see the bigger picture and zoom out even five to 10 years from now and see yourself as a leader in your industry, or even retiring, being able to hire for what you want and doing something that you have always loved or wanted to do. You know, having worked with coaches and mentors that have made over 10 $20 million a year, this is how they think. They don't see themselves as merely coaches. They see themselves as somebody. What was the words that I heard the other day? Most people on planet Earth today don't have the ability to make massive impact on a huge level. The people that I've had the privilege of working with and that have actually trusted me to mentor them do have the ability to impact and shape the world around them on a big level. And so I want you to start seeing yourself even before it is your reality. Maybe you've never sold a course before, maybe you've never sold something before. I want you to see yourself. I want you to look at somebody that you respect, that's at a very high level in your industry, and realize that that what they have been able to do, that you can do. As well. Now that sounds great and all from a motivational standpoint, right? But how does that work practically for you? Let's bring this plane home, and I'm going to tell you how that works practically for you as when we're no longer self identifying as well. I'm a coach here in this niche that you know helps moms of kids know what the best snacks are for their kids. Like, okay, great, awesome, like that. That's actually, that's a, that's a six figure niche. How do I know that? Because my, my wife, buys like, three or four programs every six months from somebody that teaches something like that. So we've invested a lot of money into people that are like, for moms to help with their kids and come up with ideas like that. Okay, so, like, I'm like, Okay, we just bought another program that was $200 from a coach that my wife is learning from how to do XYZ. With our with our kids, and as we go into homeschooling years, you know, Halston is almost two and a half and how we do that. So we're learning this type of stuff. But I'll tell you that for you to be able to double and triple your income while simultaneously getting out of the weeds of working in your business, but actually working on your business to where you are, you put yourself In a true CEO, Chief Executive Officer, role in your companies, in your businesses, in your corporate structure. If you file as an S corp and you are an owner of a company and you are a true CEO, that means removing yourself from having to do all of the day to day things that you're doing. And so when, when we self identify so much as a coach, as a mentor, and I gotta do things the right way, and the best practices, back to the telehealth thing that my mom is building and that we've created. A lot of doctors, great doctors, don't know how to market and get clients because they're so focused on all the best practices of what to do to deliver results to people. They don't have that marketing side of things, and they don't even see the value of hiring somebody that's great for marketing. And it's the same with a lot of coaches and mentors. They're not great at marketing. They don't know how to market. They don't know how it translates and how to attract people and persuade them to become their clients. And then they get overwhelmed and anxious. Remember, we go back to that anxiety of, okay, how am I going to deliver a lot of results to people, and how am I going to market my business? And the problem is, is that we're so caught up in the weeds, in our own stinking thinking, that we end up limiting our ability to accomplish what we want to so i want you to see yourself. We got two versions of you right here today. We have one version that is overwhelmed, stressed out, trying to market, keep up with everything. How do I keep up with my time management and my clients and my work and all of that? And then there's a version of you that I believe every single one of you that's here can step into. And this is what I truly define as wealth when we say the wealthy coach Academy program is having that true time, freedom, being able to decide when you show up, where you show up, how much you show up. A big part of it starts with learning how to regulate your nervous system, learning how to get out of fight or flight and get into the most creative mindset, to where ideas start flowing faster and faster and faster and by the way, I'll tell you this. I've heard this often from people that when people work with me, especially when they work with me one on one, this is why I'm so excited about the one on one VIP program that we have, especially when people are working with me one on one, they get ideas because they are grabbing onto they are coming into contact with the confidence that I have. And so there's a very calming effect to the nervous system of even being inside of a program like this, being inside of the wealthy coach Academy program, being inside of one of my VIP programs, being one of my consulting clients, there's a very calming effect that happens to the nervous system when you know that you are partnered with somebody that can help you accomplish what you're looking for. And so again, if you're here inside of the wealthy coach Academy program, you. You are partnered with me in delivering your results, and so what I want you to I want you to tell you is that you can trust what I teach, that you can trust what I share is going to work for you if you implement it. But there's going to be some things that we need to learn, that we need to unlearn, that we need to relearn again. I'm not talking about how you coach your clients necessarily, though. If you want to transition into group coaching, there is a new way that we want to do that. There's actually a course in our members area all about how to deliver a great group coaching and manage a group versus one on one coaching that's under our intermediate courses section there. One of the big parts of it is that we have to learn. And this is, this is, this might be one of the most stressful things you hear today. I hope that it becomes a freeing thing. Now, remember, I said this just a second ago. If you can trust me and what I'm sharing with you, it's going to work for you much better.

[900:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: We have to learn how to release the need to do everything the right way, in our businesses, with our sales, with our marketing,

[904:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: and realize that it's okay to make mistakes, that part of the process is testing things out just to see what happens. And then, often times, when we're testing the marketing campaign out, we might have a really good month here, and then the next month might not be as much as what we're what we're expecting. The success happens when you can keep moving forward in that unfortunately, most people, they stop, they stall at any sign of resistance, at any sign of things not working out how they want it to, and they start self identifying as a coach, over analyzing, getting overly analytical as to, what did I do wrong? What's not working out here? Instead of just taking a step back, big picture, calming your nervous system down, asking for help. Say, Okay. Jeremiah, I launched this campaign. This is what happened. This is what did this. This is what I'm doing right here. Can you look at this for me? Can you tell me what to do better next time? And then when I give the feedback and I share with you, okay, let's do this differently. Let's adjust this. Let's tweak this. We make those adjustments, and we start to move the needle forward together. And that is exactly I had a client. She was probably one of the tough it was. It was early in my coaching career. She was one of the tougher cases I had of this. But I had the advantage of the fact that she had been coaching with my mom for like, four or five years. She had been coaching with my mom for four or five years. Had not made very much money in her coaching business. And that it's not necessarily that my mom's coaching was bad. There was just some blind spots that she hadn't gotten to so anyways, I started coaching with her. When I started my coaching business. I started coaching with her, and I'll tell you, I had some sleepless nights over this for six months she was not getting the financial traction that she wanted. And I'm like, gosh, what am I doing wrong as a coach? What am I doing wrong? I started like, beating myself up over her results. By the way, be careful of that as a coach, to not beat yourself up over your client's results or lack thereof. And I remember there was a there was a switch that happened, where I had her look at her life, her time, what was taking her focus, and we started looking at her nervous system a little bit, and I told her, You know what? We realized that her working from home was one of the biggest things that was stopping her from being successful. So she went out, she rented out for $500 a month, even though she wasn't making a lot of money in her business, $500 a month in office space so that she could go somewhere to focus in her business. And I'll tell you, within two months, she was making $30,000 a month. The strategy didn't change, that I was teaching her, the marketing didn't change, but she had it in her mind for the for almost six years, I have to build my business from home. That's the right way to do it. She self identified as a home entrepreneur, and I told her, I said, Listen, her name is Dawn. She's one of my testimonies on my website, one of my longest, oldest testimonies. I said, Dawn. I. I mean, if I'm hearing you right, the times where you've succeeded the most were at your job where you went out of the home and you were coaching people. What if we tried that in your own coaching business? And as soon as she did that, her challenges started getting more clients. Her leads started converting better. She broke the pattern of what was the normal right way of doing things. As a solo entrepreneur, she started also reading more personal development books I started recommending to her in different YouTube videos and things like that that were focused strategically on the exact area in her mindset that she was dealing with. See, she had like, six years of strategy that she had learned from my mom, my mom and I, but as soon as she got out of her home office, changed her environment and started focusing in on just the mindset part of things. She went from zero money coming in to $30,000 and it's, it's, it's so interesting, because I actually see that happen often with people where it's actually more their thinking that's keeping them from being successful. Their, their need to, quote, unquote, do everything right by their by way of whatever it is their family, their church, their their business, their clients, and all of this. And I'm not saying necessarily doing anything wrong. I'll tell you my family life is the best that it's ever been. Right now, it's amazing. It's incredible because I've learned how to manage my nervous system in this I've learned how to deliver at a high level to the people that I'm coaching, and it not take all of this time from me. And what it's done is it's literally unlocked my creativity to see, okay, this was a blind spot that I had as soon as I broke the mold, reinvented myself, reinvented how I show up. Some of you need to reinvent your brand and your business. Some of you need to reinvent how you're doing things. Some of you have have been reinventing yourself. We've been talking about that last couple of weeks, reinventing yourself, stepping out of the right way of doing everything and into what you can do quickly to iterate through things, what you can do that's going to get you the traction that you're looking for. I will share with you inside of this program and with my VIP 101 clients, what are the right ways of doing things. But sometimes it takes breaking that mold just a little bit to say, Okay, what if I just focused on, how can I have impact on people, and how can I make this fun today? And how can I make this enjoyable? And you start making your business about having fun and enjoying it more than just the dollar signs, then the creativity starts to come that allows you to get your offer out, to write your sales copy, to write your to create your landing page, to know what that first step is. You see, oftentimes we fear, what if I do the wrong offer, and then nobody buys from me, and then nobody registers, and then I wasted all this time, that's the thinking of I gotta make sure it's all right and I gotta do the right thing. And I say, Well, what if we got rid of the metrics that we're focusing on just the right way of doing it? And you just had fun connecting with people, and you reinvented yourself that way. See what I'm saying to you. Might sound unwise if I didn't have the track record that I do in business. What I'm saying to you might sound almost foolish if I hadn't accomplished and worked with some of the top mentors and coaches out there. But can I tell you this I have seen more often than not. What I've just shared with you right now in the last five minutes, learning to have more fun in your business, learning to get out of your own way of what are the right things, the rigid constraints that we have of how we should show up in our marketing, how I need to show up even with my clients sometimes, and we start to reinvent it and say, Okay, if I could just clean the slate today and I can start from scratch. How would I want to show up with my clients today? How would I want to serve people? And what it is, is it's this child like creativity that starts to come in. I was actually listening to to Tony Robbins. He's pretty successful in this space. Made a lot of money in the space, and it was something I never heard before that stood out. And he said, I want to be more like a child, because when a child thinks about something, they're not thinking, Well, is this the. Right way to do it. They're just having fun with it, and they're playing make believe and listen as adults, we understand the wisdom of being an adult, but when it comes to your marketing, when it comes to getting unstuck, when it comes to figuring out, how can I serve clients and not burn myself out and not overwhelm myself? It's about tapping into some of that childlike fun and faith and belief, playing make believe, just a little bit of what if I was the CEO of a $10 million coaching business? How would I show up differently today. Some of you that sounds crazy to do, I understand, but can I challenge you and say this, that that actually might be the number one thing that might get you the breakthrough that you're looking for. And so again, today was a little bit of a more unconventional Training Day. Here we'll go back to kind of our regularly scheduled programming, where we talk about the funnels and the the tech aspects of things and AI and all of that. But I, I had to share this here today, because I know that, I know that, I know

[1059:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: that we can get so caught up in the weeds of all the best practices of doing everything that we actually miss this one piece that's going to going to be the oil and the fluid that's going to actually feed the engine and make everything work so much better. Okay, so listen, I want to take some questions here today. I want to answer your questions. If you want to raise your hand and we can talk about this. We can hash it out. I want to talk about whatever aspect maybe of your business. If you want me to review again, some sales copy, if we want to look at your ads or things like that, if you got some some some concerns you want to bring up, let me know that as you know as well some of you, I think all of you do know this, today is the last day to enroll in the VIP. Why is that not work? I don't know. Oh, it's because that link doesn't work. That's why I need to, I need to change that link on my website. Oh, I've been sending the link out through email, so it does work, but the VIP one on one coaching experience. Applications do close here today for this. And here's the value that I think is huge. Here is having me be somebody that can help drive you forward in your business, help hold you to accountability, to say, okay, what are we doing this week? What's going on? What kind of progress are we making right now? And the ability for you to get your questions answered quickly right here, by working one on one with me, by getting those answered by getting into our small group that we have, that we're building, that we have, our first small group, Zoom call tomorrow, that we're doing with this, you get lifetime access all the courses, Master reseller rights. Those are awesome. But here's the value that I think is incredible for this, is that by being a part of a program like this, it's going to help calm your nervous system down in a big way, to have that confidence, to know that you have me more access for us to work closer together, to be able to help you through every nuanced aspect in your business. And I think you're also going to be surprised, because again, remember I said, this is a one on one coaching experience. This is a model that I've been studying for a while now. I've designed it in a way to where it doesn't take all of my hours to be able to deliver this, and I'm able to do so in a way while still fitting into the amount of hours that I serve, that I that I've committed to my family and and my business to work. And so I'd love to see you in this program. I'd love I know bunch of you have said you're going to jump in before midnight tonight, and I look forward to it, and I will. And we've already had a few people jump in already. I cannot wait for tomorrow for our first call with us. So let's take some questions here. In this group here, I'm gonna take your questions, whether you're whether you raise your hand, let me know if you got a question, or leave it in the chat as well. We can look at the those chat responses as well. Let me know what questions you got. Don't be shy here.

[1114:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wade says he's looking forward to the VIP. That's awesome. Yes, Wade and me too. I'm excited for that with you. All right, Tiffany, what's going on?

[1116:45] Tiffany Quinones: Tiffany? Oops, good afternoon. Thank you for today. I love the unconventional talk. When you were saying, we'll get back to the usual, I'm like, wait, bring. Is unconventional.

[1121:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you know, I deliver a talk like this today, and I'll, I'll usually get a message from like, one person, like, you know, listen, Jeremiah, that had no value for me. I just need the strategy stuff. And it's, that's okay. I understand. We got people at all different levels in their business. If you're a master at the stuff we've talked about here today, that's great. That's awesome. So anyways, yeah, Tiffany, what's going on? Real

[1128:17] Tiffany Quinones: quick. I just wanted to before I ask my question. I completed on Thursday, getting all of the documents and bonuses written out with chat, GPT and in my Google Docs for my program, yeah. And so I'm going to start, you know, editing, doing some edits with those, and start promoting that. So I'm, I'm excited for that, because I'm like, Yes, awesome. That's almost, it's kind of like,

[1135:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I see you posted that right here. You're celebrating documents right there, yes. Now what are we doing with those documents? What are we doing to take those to impact people? Because that's good things is we gotta make it. We gotta connect with people. Now, yes,

[1138:49] Tiffany Quinones: those are going in my program. Okay with the and so it's, it's kind of like a group like the the resume part has its own, like documents. And then the I already did created the interview for the energetic interview formula. So that's all done. That was already created. And so I added some bonuses. And so it's, it's going to be all pieced together,

[1146:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome in

[1147:01] Speaker 2: podia, I believe? Yeah, yeah,

[1147:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep. Now one of the things again, we got to be careful of is that we don't get caught up in just spending our time building things out. We got to start marketing. We got to start getting some people into your program too, yes.

[1151:13] Tiffany Quinones: And here's the other thing, too, as you were talking about pricing, I I'm actually going to start promoting, because I've I had a breakthrough yesterday. So whatever you were talking about today, I literally went into chat. GPT also had to act as my therapist, and I went to town and at my desk at work yesterday. I figured out that my messaging, I figured out some things, and I had a really great breakthrough. And I'm like, Oh my gosh, it's been right in front of my face. I think it's been on my face that I've missed it. And I'm like, I don't have to separate everything. I now understand how everything works. And then I realized I'm in the wrong job. So that was another chat GPT conversation. But I'm like, oh, okay, I get it. So, so the so the pricing, though I'm I still have, I'm kind of stuck with the pricing for so the program that I want to get out to people. I decided the way that I'm going to do the program is that people are going to have me in their back pocket. So it's what I was doing before I figured out that I could do it as a program, and from start to finish, from resume building to interview, to passing the interview and all that stuff. The The difference is that people will have me in their back pocket, so we will have, like, a telegram channel, and they'll be able to have that access while they're in the program. Awesome. I figured out that 90 days is sufficient, because that's like the process from start to finish. And

[1178:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: I figured out 60 days,

[1178:39] Speaker 2: 60 days, okay,

[1179:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, 90 days can be a little bit daunting for somebody, because, again, we got to think of it from this perspective for your business, we got to get people trusting you to spend 90 minutes with you. And so oftentimes we can say, Okay, we're gonna go 90 days, but people aren't gonna spend 90 days with you until they can spend 90 minutes with you, until they can spend 90 seconds with you, until they spend nine seconds with you. And so sometimes we can build up all of these. Well, I need to make it 90 days, because that's what coaches do type of a thing, and then we end up missing out on, well, let me just connect with some people and get some people into a program by making it a 30 day or 60 day

[1193:31] Speaker 2: program. Oh, okay, okay, yeah.

[1194:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: I you know, this is an example I've seen a lot of people do. They'll be like, Okay, I'm selling my course for $97 or I'm doing a $27 challenge, okay? And then nobody signs up. Well, then make it free. You. Uh, and see how many people sign up. Make it $7 yeah, but that's not enough profit margin, yeah, but I'm supposed to not just give away my information for free about you well, and I'm saying here's the thing, if nobody's connecting with you at 27 bucks and 97 bucks, figure out how to lower the friction, because price point is always a friction point. Figure out how to lower the friction so that people do want to hear what your message is and the time that you have, whether it be a free offer or it be a low cost, because getting getting zero people at $97 that's the same amount of money as getting 20 at $0 okay, so would you rather have 20 people at $0 than zero at 97

[1215:07] Speaker 2: the first one? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Because now

[1215:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you have 20 people, you might be able to get one or two of those people to buy something. And see, this is where, like social media, and there's, there's these, like quotes that are out there in the coaching sphere. Don't ever lower your prices. Nobody is buying from you. You got two things, okay? And by the way, this is the second side of it. Number one, you got your if nobody's buying from you at 97 or $27 your your messaging is off. It's not connecting with people. It's not resonating no matter how good it is. Um, so we got to switch that up. And that can be challenging. That can challenge us because we're changing how we talk about what we do. We have to accept the fact that maybe people weren't interested in what that first thing was. I'm going to give you a great example of this one for me. And I'm completely non emotionally attached to this at all. I got two. I got, right now, I got two really good offers that I've been advertising and marketing show you. Oh gosh, where's the where's the Zoom screen here? Okay, I got this Instagram ads right here, okay, I got this evergreen business one right here. Okay. Now check this out. I get asked more questions daily about evergreen business than I do Instagram ads. Is uh, isn't that interesting? Do you want to know which one actually converts better for me, for clients,

[1246:21] Speaker 2: Instagram ads, yep,

[1247:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have less people that ask me daily for this, but it's more marketable and converts better to sales, even though, actually like this is probably what more people want to learn. But then I look at the bottom line of it is like, because I've taught, I've taught this lesson a couple of times, I've taught this one a couple of times, this one is just so much more profitable with my time investment that this I'm going to say, Okay, this training about evergreen. I'm going to touch on it, but I'm probably not going to use it as a front end hook for my offers. And that's okay. That's perfectly okay, because I know now, if I leverage the Instagram ads training, if I leverage lead generation and all that, versus the idea of and really what it is, it's the customer cycle, more people are drawn to like the shiny idea of Instagram ads versus the idea of actually building a real business. So and So. Okay, this offer, it actually still converted, it still converted to sales, but this one actually made me a lot more money right here. And so I'm like, okay, great. I learned after I and I've done this, I've done a similar offer to this probably three or four times the last year. Of all the offers I've done in the last year, this has probably been the least successful. Was this topic right here. Even though I love to share this with people, even though I want to share it, I can say, Okay, I you know, let's, let's, let's move and pivot more towards the lead generation offer idea. You know now when I launched this, when I was convinced like this was going to be like my best offer ever, and yet this one was still my best one overall. This one Instagram ads did twice as good as Facebook ads did for me. You. Yeah. And yet, I've taught Facebook ads for the longest time, so it's just, it's just realizing, okay, what is the marketplace responding to my messaging was better by figuring out what that hook was as well. Okay? And then I've run a couple of challenges that are like, 17, $27, I find helping people with their offers with a challenge seems to work better than, say, starting a business type of thing. So it's just figuring out, like, which offer people are going to resonate with or connect with the most some offers and it's, it's, it's become a lot more it's become a lot less forgiving than it was years ago. What what now ends up happening with our our offers is you either get, like a lot of people or nobody, and if you got nobody, it doesn't necessarily mean it's a bad offer. It just means that, like, that hook might not have been the right hook, even if that's the main thing that you're teaching or focusing on with

[1297:17] Tiffany Quinones: people. Ah, can on this note, because I've been using Opus clip my tick tock people, I'm paying attention to what people are gravitating more towards. Yeah, would you say that if I'm noticing what people are gravitating more towards? I can probably use that as a like a lead generation to

[1302:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: see, because that shows you the topic that they're gravitating to. Now, here's what's interesting. Here's the interesting side to that. Right on my Instagram and Facebook and social media, people gravitate more towards my evergreen business content versus my my Instagram ads content. But when it comes to what's actually converts to sales, the Instagram will add one converts better. So I'm not going to get emotionally attached to that fact. I'm just going to accept it and move on and just focus in on what works, yeah,

[1315:08] Tiffany Quinones: plus, you have your adorable kids in a lot of your Instagram stuff, which I think they're adorable, so I love it. Yeah, awesome. Thank you so much. All right,

[1318:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Adele, what's that? Adele,

[1319:24] Adele Best: yeah, just want to say that message was totally fire, because I literally just stumbled across a YouTube guy on YouTube, and he literally said exactly the same message that you delivered today. He was basically, yeah, honestly, I was like, This is the second time I've heard this message today, so definitely God is speaking. What was the video? It was just some really small micro channel. It was a guy that had blown up a brand to, like, a million followers on tick tock and Instagram, and then once he built it all, and he basically said the main three takeaways were, if you feel called to create content as a Christian entrepreneur, his three takeaways, and he basically said, you know, the first thing is, what you tell us that going viral and all, it's not about the numbers. It's not about going viral. But he said, once he grew that account of 1 million followers, God told him to burn it all down and start again in a different niche, and he said it's not about going wide. He said it's about impact. He said it's about impacting somebody's life, and that's why you have to pick a niche and pick a sub niche and go deep so that we can actually bring impact. And I it just clicked with me. It's like, yeah, of course, I want to make a lot of money, but that in itself, does not motivate me as much as impact and purpose, and actually, you know, changing people's lives. And so I've really been inspired. I am starting a YouTube channel. I've ordered everything that I need. I'm getting Riverside tonight. I've got my first interview. I've got my first guest lined up tomorrow. We're gonna, like, run into income for you. Yeah? So I'm excited. I'm like, Yeah, I'm going to do YouTube, I'm going to build an evergreen funnel, and I'm actually doing it for fun and impact. And I'm just going to stop thinking about, yeah, totally like, Oh, I'm a coach, and this is how you do it. And just screw all that. You know, that is not the right mindset. And I have been doing that because I've been coming from a ministry background and a very you know, where my whole identity was, I'm a worship leader, and then it was like, oh, now I'm a coach, you know? And it's, you're right, it's too limiting. It's too limiting because, actually, I'm so much more than all of that. I'm an author, I'm a pro life speaker, I'm a deliverance Minister, I'm a mom, you know, I'm so much more than I'm just a coach or trying to be a coach. So, yeah, I totally resonate with that. So my question is just a technical one, on your evergreen funnel, you see the way you've got a timer there? Yeah, is that actually a deadline funnel page that you've put in there that people can only get the offer or the you? Of

[1360:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: the training. So that's actually, that's actually a fake timer. Oh, it's a

[1360:56] Adele Best: fake timer, right? Yeah. So what's this? So when the time runs out, they can still get the interesting,

[1362:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't actually say anywhere on here that the time runs out, that anything happens.

[1363:08] Adele Best: Oh, it's just like a psychological thing. Okay, so I can say that because I've I found

[1364:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: a number. I looked at a number of, like, marketers that were running online, and they had like, a timer, and the timer didn't say, like, oh, when this timer ends, like, you can't get access to it. It's just a timer counting down how someone's on the page.

[1368:06] Adele Best: Oh, right, yeah, yeah. It's just, like a psychological thing, yeah. And so I,

[1369:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have, I have found that it does work well.

[1370:38] Adele Best: So basically they they go into the free training, and then you send them, because I've been following your funnel, then you're sending a couple of emails

[1372:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: there. Then there is an actual timer. Oh, so when

[1373:34] Adele Best: you Yeah, oh, so and so, how do you do that? Is that deadline? That's deadline funnel right here. Yeah, you see deadline funnel is quite expensive, Jeremiah a month. See, for someone starting out, it's like $100 and then you've got your Kajabi $100 and then you've got your other $100 it's like, it's going to replace your membership fee very quickly. So

[1379:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: deadline funnel is that it allows you to how much

[1380:32] Adele Best: are you paying a month for it? If you don't mind me asking, uh, 97 Yeah. Is that the cheapest plan? Yeah,

[1382:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: they have the 99 they have the 49 right here,

[1383:23] Adele Best: right? It's a guess. 49 does absolutely Jack, Jack, nothing. And then you have to, like, go for the usually have to go for the second or third package. Again.

[1385:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: The reason why I'm using that, though, is because it allows me, if I did not have I'm going to tell you what will happen. Why I hated evergreen for so long. Uh huh, if I did not have a, oh, you have three days to watch this training. Yeah, almost nobody would watch the training. Evergreen.

[1391:27] Adele Best: No, it's so true. You have to have urgency, and you have to open and shut the doors, because that's what Jamie C does. That's exactly the same, yeah? So that

[1393:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's, that's the only thing is, it's worth it to me to pay that to actually consuming what they're opting into. Yeah?

[1395:31] Adele Best: So for somebody, so for someone like me, starting out on like, finances are seriously tight at the minute because of lots of stuff. So I'm going to start with YouTube.

[1398:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, you could just say it's a limited time page, and it's and it's going to be taken down, yeah, shortly, you know, I could say that, yeah, the amount of people that will actually watch and take action and make the excuse, oh, I'll wait till next week.

[1403:21] Adele Best: Yeah, totally, no, you have to.

[1403:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then next week comes and they never do anything. And then the next week comes, they never do anything. Yeah, next month comes, and then they never do anything. I have just found that in the coaching industry.

[1408:22] Adele Best: And are you giving them, like, a limited, it's

[1408:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: like a, it's like a 510, x increase in the results you can get financially just by giving people a deadline.

[1410:45] Adele Best: Yeah. And are you giving, are you giving people, like, a, kind of a small discount to sign up within three days, or

[1412:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: whatever, or within the three days they can try the wealthy coach Academy out for 14 days for free.

[1414:06] Adele Best: Okay, yeah. Have you found anybody canceling? Like, no one else. Okay,

[1415:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: so check this out. I was getting a ton canceling at first, until I did one thing, and I started studying, like, okay, what are the best funnels that are doing it? I created a sequence of like, 14 emails, or like, 14 days, where the emails that go out to people that basically reiterate what they signed up for, okay, and so I'm nurturing during that 14 day trial period. Wade says I went through the funnel straight to Viet, yeah, exactly. Well, that's another thing that I that psychologically, I realized happens is I'm more likely, it's actually more likely to have, like a new person go through a funnel straight to your high ticket than somebody who's been in a program for a year or two, because there's a certain bias that's actually created as far as that goes. So again, when there's a limited time, when it's the initial exposure and stuff like that, there's a there's a window of time for closing the sale, that happens, and when we can kind of leverage. You have been following me for a while, you're right, absolutely, yeah, but it's crazy urgency that gets people to take action that happens.

[1434:36] Adele Best: And if people are like buying on emotion, that that motion will run out, which is why you have to keep give them the window buy. Everybody

[1436:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: does buy on everybody buys on emotion and logic. Yeah, so they buy an emotion, I mean, they validate it with logic, but they're still purchasing based on how it makes them feel.

[1439:42] Adele Best: Yeah. I mean, I seriously signed up to this program for the bold promise, and I'm like, I'm not leaving this container until I get it, and I really need to get a move on. But, you know, it's that, it's that promise of Trump, like, it's that end goal, that is the, that is what, what we're selling. So,

[1445:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I mean, here's the thing. This is why my VIP offer is so valuable, is if I'm there with somebody every day, being able to, like, follow up and check in on them and see how they're doing with everything, I can really make sure that they're getting everything accomplished much better than say, once a week we're meeting up on calls like this and stuff like that, where I would say, people get the most out of a program like this, a group program like this, takes a lot of self discipline when nobody's checking in on you, to do The work when you don't. That's so true, and I, I can't, well, part of it is, it's, it's kind of designed so, like a group coaching program is designed when you have an ascension model in mind. It is designed to where, like you give that higher level of accountability at the higher level that people join with you. So that's why, like, I'm so confident that anybody who's jumping into the VIP offer is going to get so much more traction and and why I've seen people that jump into my one on one offers get so much more traction as well. Did

[1466:16] Adele Best: I Oh, did? Did Ian Carroll do one on one with you? Maybe that's confidential concept. He did because he's a fellow northern Irishman. I might reach out to him and ask him who built this funnel for him, like but might ask for his funnel contact.

[1469:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: But Ian, Ian does have a little bit of his own. He's really self disciplined himself, so he he had that as well. There's just, that's why I'm saying, like, some of the of like, I don't, I'm, you know, my heart not to be harsh at all. I think Adele, the biggest thing that's going to get you results in my program has more to do with mindset for you.

[1476:19] Speaker 1: Yeah, totally, yeah. I think

[1476:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: has more to do with reprogramming your habits, your nervous system, adjusting certain things of how you've all how you've always done stuff is going to have to change. You know what I mean?

[1481:59] Adele Best: Yeah, totally, yeah. I

[1482:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: mean that, like, like, it's, it's hard to not say that and not sound harsh a little bit.

[1483:21] Adele Best: No, no, but tell me the bad stuff. It's okay. I think it's true. Is

[1484:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: like something has to change. And that's where i That's why I mentioned here today. Figure out what you might be able to do to break up your routine a little bit. That can help. I

[1488:24] Adele Best: have to say to you, you're right, because on Tuesday, I took myself to this really trendy, really nice co working space, so nice, and it was all great. But the only thing is their their Wi Fi was really crap. And so I batch recorded all this stuff for YouTube. And then I got home and, like, excitedly looked at it, and halfway through, like, the video quality just went all grainy, and it was like, you know, it wasn't really, it wasn't really the best I put, but I do feel like

[1495:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: at home, and then do the copywriting and the strategizing and all that, and the

[1497:10] Adele Best: Yeah, take yourself so, like, a nice hotel, or take yourself some, Like, somewhere, like, yeah, where? Just, just just feel good. Yeah,

[1500:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: thanks. Just, just breaking out of that mold of, like, how do I normally do things?

[1502:05] Adele Best: Yeah. So I'm taking tomorrow to build the funnel, and I'm going to put it in the group as soon as it's ready. I've got my Kajabi I've got my Kajabi template ready to go. It's a template. It's already pre written. I find the most simplest one that looks that looked as close to a blank page as possible. So I'm going to do tomorrow tell

[1506:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: you something else that gets breakthrough. I promise you this. It's going to get you a lot of breakthrough if you do it. I want you to think of one thing that you know you need to do that's been terrifying you in any part of your life, personal or professional, and I want you to feel your way through the fear and then trans transmute that fear into confidence, okay? And what that means is we all have, we all have something that we're like we know, I know I need to do. Mm. Uh, but I'm afraid of doing it. And by the way, it might, it might take you from today. It might take you six months before you do it. That's okay. Okay. I'm not saying like tomorrow you need to do it.

[1523:57] Adele Best: It's okay. I feel like, I feel like I've been stuck in a lot of things, but I feel mentally, mentally, that I've broken through, and I'm actually at the stage now where I'm excited, like, I want to make content, I want to do YouTube channel, I'm excited. I'm like, let's it's like, fun, even though I think it will be, you know, a lot of work. But even so, the things that I was scared of maybe a year ago, I don't have that fear anymore. It's gone. Yeah, yeah. Well, here's what,

[1531:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's what happens. We eliminate the those fears, right, the things we were scared of a year ago. But then there's another layer, what's on that? What's on that next layer now for you,

[1535:36] Adele Best: well, I do think the perfectionism piece like, because even when I was, you know, I'm like, right, okay, gonna launch a YouTube channel. It's gonna be raw. It's gonna be raw, that kind of raw podcast style, raw. We're not doing perfection, you know, but I can even still feel myself well, I want to get the best. I want to get the best 4k webcam. Oh, I want to have the sure Mike, like, all the big podcasts too, you know. And it's like, why, why am I like that, you know? Why don't I just so, I'm acutely aware of this battle every day of just doing it and then wanting to do it and, like, be really good. You know, one

[1546:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: of the things that I have noticed for you is you focus a lot on what you want that you feel like you can't have. Yeah, and you feel like, well, okay, I gotta stay stuck until I have that can have that thing that I want, instead of realizing that that thing that you want, like the Shure microphone, or being able to afford to use deadline funnel, that's another example, right there. Yeah, yeah, that's not the answer for you. Because what can you do without those things right now? Yeah, and we start to just like, accept. This is where Acceptance comes in. We just start accepting. Okay, here's what today looks like today. You I'll tell you what has made me so much money. And I have had just a great month of financial increase this past month. So I'm like, I'm on fire on this one. I'm telling you, it's come because I finally accepted the things that for how they are that I might not be able to change right now. And I'm going to give you an example of what that is. I found myself complaining about my life having kids, and how it used to be before I had kids, and I've just had to. I literally, as soon as I started accepting, you know, what I chose to have this life with these kids. Why am I fantasizing about what it was like before I had them? I live in a different life today. Yeah, I get that, yeah, some of my like, my mornings are usually I've spent playing with Halston and Kyron, and Abigail's getting ready, and she gets kind of stressed out when she's getting ready in the morning. It's just kind of her vibe for some reason, just she's always been that way, like she has like, a way of doing it, and if like, anything comes in front of that, she's like, oh. And so, like, at first I was, like, frustrated that, like, Why can't she just figure out how to call her nervous system down and not get so stressed out. And then I was frustrated that, like, then the kids get frustrated, and then we, like, our whole house gets this was like six months ago. It's like that, and now I've made it my mission. How can I make her morning the most relaxing experience ever? I uh, to where she can just pamper herself and take care of herself and and do all of this before I go start diving into my coaching calls and work and all of that. And I'll tell you I've seen by just accepting. Accepting, okay, you know what? I'm not going to change Abigail. I can encourage her, but my wife does not want me to be a coach and tell her what she's doing wrong. But I think, from my perspective, she's doing wrong, right? You know? Yeah, my wife is literally, she really is the, like, very opposite of me. So, like, anything that I think of would help her probably won't help her, and it just creates more tension. And so I've learned to just accept, okay, you know what? That's what these, that's what my mornings are.

[1609:44] Adele Best: Yeah, I totally, I totally get it. I have a 16 year old daughter who he you know, the hormones have kicked in, and I'm not the best in the mornings, and neither she, we're not, we're both not morning people. And sometimes, yeah, there can be a bit of strife, but I've come to that conclusion as well. Like, I really make an effort now to be super chill in the morning, because I don't really want to start my day like that. I don't want her starting her day like that it's normal, like it's totally normal. But, yeah, I'm conscious of it as well, because you can get into that cycle,

[1618:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: that pattern. What I'm saying is, is that you can look at, okay, how do I want things to be? How do I wish they were? And then how are they really in reality? And when we can start to just accept things for how they really are in our life, in our business, yeah, say, How can I make the best of the cards that I have right now?

[1624:38] Adele Best: Yeah, instead of trying to focus off, like, on, like, the big massive vision and the distance between where you are and the big massive vision, just try to, like, take one step every day towards the vision, and

[1627:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: then what ends up happening, what literally started to end up happening with me is, again, it's called, it's kind of like the it's called the law of non resistance, where I'm not resisting what's trying to create resistance. I'm just flowing through it. And I didn't create that term. There's a book I've mentioned it a few times, called the game of life, and how to play it.

[1634:48] Adele Best: Oh, I don't think I heard I don't think I heard you talking about that one. You haven't heard me talk about that one. I don't remember, but maybe

[1637:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: so it's on YouTube right here. I can tell you, I probably listen to the audiobook on YouTube, probably

[1640:15] Adele Best: at least 50 to 100 times. Wow, I'm gonna have to listen to it. It's only two hours

[1641:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: and 19 minutes long,

[1641:48] Speaker 2: okay,

[1642:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, it's uh, how would that? How would you say it's one of the earliest, like, kind of, like, personal development, sort of metaphysical, sort of law of attraction type books that are out there that was written in 1925 and there's, like, a few things that I'm like, I don't fully agree with, but like, 95% of what's in. This is great. And then she uses, uh, Bible verses to, like, tie it in. Oh, correct, brilliant. Which is awesome. Some of it, I'm like, I don't know if that's exactly what that verse means, but

[1651:37] Adele Best: is it by someone called Florence? Is this fine Florence? Yep. All right. I'm gonna watch that tonight. Yeah, the game of life

[1653:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: and how to play it. And she talks about the law of non resistance, where, when things aren't how we want them to be, or how we could instead of going into animosity and wishing they would change, we just accept them. And then that literally creates our it ends up attracting the things that we do desire by accepting it versus trying to fight against it. And I've noticed that to be the case in my life completely. Okay, cool. It's just this. It's this powerful thing where we end up striving for, oh, why are things not going my way? Versus, like, okay, that's how it is.

[1665:41] Adele Best: Yeah, I do. Like, so like, at the start of the week, I'll have like, a vision of, like, right? I'm gonna get all this done, and then maybe by Thursday it doesn't happen. And then in my head, I imagine having a conversation with Jeremiah, and Jeremiah going, Well, have you got that done? I'm like, No, that I feel like such a failure. It's like, Oh, you didn't, you didn't, I didn't achieve that internal plan. Well,

[1671:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's that right there. We don't want to, definitely, we don't want to feel like a failure. Yeah,

[1672:26] Adele Best: then I'm trying to be kind to myself, but then I think you can be too kind to yourself, and you need to give that's true.

[1673:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: You totally can be a little too kind to yourself where you're just kind of like, yeah, so it's not necessarily too kind to yourself. You're too you're not holding yourself accountable, yeah, I watched them hold yourself accountable with the kindness.

[1677:43] Adele Best: Yeah. I watched a Marin golden video, and he said that most people don't get their businesses off the ground because the amount of effort and intensity at the start to get that aircraft off. Ground. Most people won't expend that amount of determination and energy. And I think I need to ramp I think I need to wrap that up. I think we need to be realistic. You know, all this, by the way, that doesn't have to do with

[1683:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: what he's saying, that that's not the amount of hours you're spending,

[1684:41] Adele Best: no but it's like, the kind of, like, focus on, like, more energetic this, yeah, this thing is going to be given attention until it lifts off. Yeah, and that does take a tenacity. I have been putting my phone away more and just noticing how much of a major just, I've actually noticed, I've actually noticed how the apps right, because I've started putting a timer on my phone, and I've noticed how every single app will send some kind of pop up to pull you back in

[1693:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: LinkedIn, does my phone on Do Not Disturb and all my notifications turned off on

[1694:56] Adele Best: my phone? Yeah, I'm definitely going to do that, because the phone is I've had, I've

[1695:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: had my notifications turned off and do not disturb. And then what I do is I slowly start adding in the essentials, like we have our doorbell at our house linked to it. So, okay, my doorbell at my house, I have that one, right? Yeah, my phone will ring when we actually don't have a doorbell in our house, because it makes the dogs bark. So our phones are our doorbell. It rings, right? We see it. We know

[1701:41] Adele Best: somebody get your, get your Amazon package, and that's it, yeah, yeah. Or Somebody's

[1702:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: at the door and it's our ring doorbell camera. It's great. It works so good, yeah?

[1703:53] Adele Best: But it really, it really is about all. It's a battle for our focus. In today's society, almost turned off what's going on. We need to really, it's about all to stay focused.

[1706:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have a focus filter on my text messages. There's like four people that can text me, yeah, yeah. And that's all day long, and then I'll check strategically throughout the day. I'll check my messages. Yeah, you know,

[1710:16] Adele Best: thank you, Jeremiah, that's really helpful. Thank you. Anyways,

[1711:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I hope that that and re watch through this part of today's training. I think maybe tomorrow or the next

[1712:22] Speaker 1: day. Yeah, that'll help you.

[1713:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alrighty. Well, before we go, anybody else have any other questions that we want to go over wrap up here. Anybody else? Any other things that we want to wrap up or look at?

[1720:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alrighty, well, I look forward to tomorrow our VIP call for those that that are that have jumped in, I'm excited to work with you in that, and then we will see everybody else next week. Talk soon. Everybody have a good one. You.

