WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-06-30T20:04:55.000Z
Duration: 70 min
Otter ID: Rh6r5Fw64dGwGlKQRaBPlEO8Mlc
---

[11:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hola Bucha, are you good? How are you good? I got, I got something exciting to share today, and I put into practice something that I used to do, but I've not done, and now did it again, and I'm realizing, hmm, I need to share this with everybody. So that's what today's training is going to be all about, which is awesome. Let's see live training, plus Q and A then we're going to copy the invite to Facebook. Invite zoom call, right there, then we go live stream. I

[25:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: remember that back in the day, like a year and a half ago, you could just it was just so easy to log in and stream into Facebook groups, and they took all that away. But you know what? It hasn't really made things much harder to build our business. So it just takes a little bit longer to get going when we do our coaching calls and we start sharing stuff in the group, um, how's everybody doing? How was your weekend?

[32:34] Adele Best: Dude? I was away all weekend. I was at a I was away at a spa, actually, on Friday, and then on Saturday, I was driving around the north coast of Ireland with my mother and my daughter. So I've been away most of the weekend. Yeah, oh, you got your Tesla, I saw, have you been driving around in it? I

[36:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: did. I'm not driven a lot in it. Maybe I've driven maybe 40 miles. Well, it's, it's driven me. I'm not driven hardly at all, maybe less than a mile. It's been driving me the whole times. It's very, very fun. Um, okay, it's loading. It's loading. Here we go. Update the stream key right here. Now we can go live. It's funny zoom every time it every time zoom goes live in the group, it has to re redo this. So there we go. All right, okay, so today is our live training, and Q and A, and I'm excited to talk about this today's gonna be a little bit of a another one of those kick in the pants type of a training days, but in a way that's loving, and you're gonna love this. And so what I did was I decided to practice what I preach at the beginning of this today, it's probably the most inconvenient day for me to do anything in my business besides this, this call which was already booked out. So what I decided to do is I decided to challenge myself to do something I used to do is I just got done recording, and I've been procrastinating on this for a while. Now, how many y'all know how we can get into that procrastination bug, right? We're not recording our videos. We haven't done our landing page things like that. So what I did, Whoopsie, it's not helping nobody right here. You're just looking at a screen right there. Okay, let me change the screen. Share if you go to the media player. Okay, so I just got done recording this. I mean, literally, like I ended the recording five minutes ago. I recorded a 43 minute webinar called The Art of lead, getting you and here's the beautiful thing about it, because I had such a short window of time, this is called the Theory of Constraints, I constrained myself to have to finish this before this call, because of the limited level of resource. Time being the main resource, right that I artificially created scarcity with in myself, this was the single best webinar recording I have ever created, because I did not give myself an opportunity to over. Think it, over analyze it, re come up with what I'm going to say, how I'm going to say it. I just pressed record, and what I said, I said, and there is not a single edit that I would actually put into this. It came out so perfect that I I'm I'm personally impressed with how well it came out. I'm excited to to put it out there. We just finished last week, the landing page. On Thursday, I finished writing the emails, the follow up emails. So I'm back into I used to have a cycle where this was back in 2023 and the beginning of 2024 and I used to, I used to have a cycle where I was able to,

[96:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: there we go. I'm back. We broke the internet. I'm back. Everybody looks like it used up too much, too many resources to be able to do the sharing right there. Anyways, I used to back in 2023 2024 I put a constraint on myself, where I was doing one webinar a week, every single week, I did a brand new webinar, brand new one recorded every week, and I did it, and they were great, and they generated so many leads for my business, and I got so many sales in my business, and I was doing them All live well, this was when I only had one. Child. Now I have two, and that's when I realized, okay, this is not sustainable. I need to figure out a way that I can do everything evergreen, where it's sustainable. But what I was doing was, is I could, and this is something that, like, I really want to encourage you as a goal for you in your business, for your offers, for your funnels. Whoops, I skipped the number three, then 1234,

[116:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: these are days I could go from idea where I would utilize chat GPT to come up with an idea for my lead magnet, till I had launched emails and ads in four calendar days. And this is how I was able to have a new webinar every week. What I would do is I would go two weeks out, I would take four days to do this, and I would promote whatever webinar was coming up in two weeks, and I would overlap it that way to do that. Now, again, I'm not recommending that you necessarily have to do this, but I'm saying it's possible. I'm saying it was actually very effective in my business, because the number one thing that is actually going to help you grow your business is make more people. Okay, more people, more numbers of people. You want to make more people, more offers, more often. Okay, more people, more you want to make more offers to more people more often. So I tested that out by having an offer every week, a brand new one every single week, new webinar that we dialed in, that we developed. And it was a system that we did that, and it was great, and it was, it was, it was producing incredible results, but I realized this isn't sustainable, and it's not necessarily even duplicatable for most people. And so that's where I went back to the drawing board and did some R and D over the last year and a half, and figured out, okay, Evergreen offers. I figured out the exact process of doing the right evergreen offer. How do we use deadline funnel and all that? And that's exactly what's in the course that we're putting in our members area is all about automating all of that process. But what I realized is that when it comes to an evergreen offer, see, there's something beautiful that happens when you do a live event. I've had a lot of experience doing live events. I used to DJ live. We used to host live events and seminars in a different city. One weekend, we would be in Salt Lake City. The next we would be in Dallas, and then the next week we would be in New York City. And this was every month we would do an in city seminar that we would do. This was 22 years ago, where I was helping build out the marketing with Danny Johnson, to be able to go and travel every month to a new seminar, to be able to do this type of a thing, there's something beautiful that happens when you have a live event, you're forced to get everything done, finished and ready by the deadline. You have a forced deadline, because you are committing to get it done. The side part about. That is a live event, is a lot of work. It's a lot of energy. And if, and let's say, like, if you're not on that day, or you get sick, this is the worst case scenario that can happen. You get sick, you just sold $200,000 in tickets to a live event, and now you got to give refunds. And that has happened. We've had that happen, where we had to literally refund everybody for the live event due to illness, and then reschedule, and unfortunately, when you reschedule, only about 40% of those people are ever going to even reschedule. You're gonna lose about 60% of all the tickets that you've lost them the buy in is gone at that point. And so live events are a lot of energy, a lot of work. They're they're they're a different pace for your nervous system, and they they are fuel for burnout. So that's why we pivoted over to the Evergreen approach, where everything we do has an evergreen aspect to it, where we're utilizing pre recorded videos, where we're utilizing automated emails like I have after this one after I do this webinar here, I'm going to be hosting a five day challenge. The four days are going to be pre recorded, and the Yeah, Luke Bryan refunded his audience tickets because he wasn't feeling well. I know he did exactly I we're gonna be doing the four days. It's all gonna be pre recorded for the training. And I'm gonna do a one live Q and A, and I do that maybe like once a quarter the last I actually skipped this last quarter. I did, I did a live three day challenge in January, charge seven, $7 a ticket. I think it was, it was $7 a ticket to join. I had, I think 80 people that were part of that, and we had a number of those people become clients. It was, it was a great experience. Huge thing that you can put in your arsenal is like a five day or a three day challenge, but there's still ways to do it evergreen. We don't have to show up every single day to do it, and that's the best way to do it. So with that, here's the problem. If you're doing everything evergreen and automated, it becomes fuel for procrastination, because it is very easy to say, Oh, I'll record my webinar next week. I'll write those emails next week, I'll finish that landing page next week. I'll wait until everything feels just right inside of me to be able to go do it. And so this is why, number one, learning the skill of regulating your nervous system on demand is very helpful. Learning how to get into the right headspace in a moment's notice, instantly, without having to work yourself up to it very, very quickly. And this can be a combination of mindfulness techniques. This is going to be a combination of different mental health stuff and mindset strategies like that. I think once I finish this next course, I'm probably going to make an updated mindset course, because I haven't done that in about two years, so I'm going to be doing that based on some of the strategies that I've been learning recently. So all that to say is we have to get to the place where we can just do the work. We can just get it done. I can say, Okay, I have an opening in my time. I got I have an hour here. I'm going to go record my webinar. I'm going to go record my videos. I'm not waiting for the right moment or for things to feel right for me to be able to do this. When I was doing my live events, I had to do that no matter what happened in the day, I had to show up and do the events. Now, since I've done evergreen, even, I would say, for the last year and a half, I have just been in sort of this like constant procrastination loop that I've been having to break free from and realizing where is that coming from? Well, a big part of procrastination is we're trying to avoid the feeling of the pain of what might of it, what it might feel like if things don't work out for us. So that's one of the things, is that we're looking at but then the other thing is, is that we have to get to the place where we are taking action as soon as we have an idea, we can go 54321, and take action quickly on those ideas that we have. I used to call this my I dubbed it, and I don't necessarily use this word anymore, but I used to dub it being reckless when it comes to your marketing, being reckless when it comes to your sales and marketing. Now, I do think you should be strategic, but there is a version of and let's see what. Let's see what chat GPT says here. What are, what is a version of? Of the word reckless, that is still strategic. Give me 20 ideas I want to see here, better than a thesaurus, right? You just ask. Ask chat. GBT, so bold. Strategic. It's audacious. It's calculated. It's deliberately disruptive. It's boldly decisive, fearless, strategically daring, I like that one strategically daring, unapologetically trailblazing, instinctively strategic, to where you're going fast and intuitive and you're not necessarily pausing to come up with at the exact okay, this has to be this way. This has to be this way. Can I tell Can I, like, really urge you in something? And I, and I've been saying this for years, and unfortunately, the people who grab onto this make the most amount of money, and the ones who don't still continue to struggle. Is that learning to rewire your internal wiring around action, taking learning to become more decisive to where you don't have to. Even if your normal personality is perfectionism is you measure everything perfectly before you do it, you make sure that it's all just so and put together. When it comes to your sales and marketing and your offers in your business, if we can strategically, if we can rewire that part of our brain in this one area, you you will make more money than you ever imagined in your business, because you're not operating out of fear and worry and pausing to make sure that it's all done the right way that You are putting yourself out there, getting sales, getting clients, and being willing to trip a little bit, drop some balls, being willing to it's not necessarily, has to be perfect. The more you do this,

[276:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm telling you, like this morning, that webinar I recorded was the best one I've ever done. Like I couldn't have planned it out better. And what did I do differently? I did something differently I haven't done in a webinar in over two years. I didn't have notes in front of me. I went off the cuff, off the top of my head. I stopped using notes that chat GPT came up with. I've found that sometimes that we can rely so much on our notes and our guidelines and our and our and our making sure we're doing it just so that it literally pulls us out of creative flow. It gets us out of our level of genius. And you know what? I just proved to myself today, something that I that I needed. It was something that I've been praying for for five years, is God, I want to be the ability to roll out of bed. I pray this. I want the ability to roll out of bed, create content that closes sales, that gets clients, that is not from a place of striving, that is not from a place of perfectionism, that does not come from a place of me needing to make sure that I'm saying just the right things at just the right time, to Make sure that it works, that I'm but that it that it that it that that that God fills my mouth and that I speak from this place that is from the heart, and it makes a connection with people. And even going back to doing that here in my coaching right here in my coaching program. When I launched this coaching program, the wealthy coach Academy program, used to be called the client growth accelerator program in 2022 this is exactly what I was doing, because I didn't have the data of, well, this worked better than this. This worked better than this. And unfortunately, we can get so caught up in the data and the knowledge and the understanding of, okay, this works here. This does this, that we literally limit ourselves from showing up in our genius. We stop ourselves from being the most effective version of ourselves, we literally cut our legs off. We we squander a gift that we have because we're trying to do things right, the right way to get results, instead of just having fun with it, instead of just. Instead of letting go of the worry and the fear of, well, if I say this wrong, it's going to be a waste of time, and it's not going to produce a result if I don't do this the right way, or if I stutter here, if I if I go off on a tangent over here, it's going to distract people, and then that person's going to cancel my program because they feel like I don't have it all together, and now they're judging me, and all these are the thoughts that have gone through my head for the last two years. These are the things that I've had people write emails to me and tell me that they've disliked about my coaching program I've actually had. I I remember every email that I've gotten from people where they write in, I encourage people write in and tell me how I could do better. But what I've done was, instead of internalizing it and making it a part of my identity, I've I've listened and I've said, How can I come from a place where I flow in this and I don't necessarily need to do it because I'm I'm so strategic, and it's all thought out, and it's all perfectly like that, like, that's not me, y'all that's not the best version of me. You're going to get the worst version of me. If I do that, you're going to get the version of me that does not produce the best results. If I'm tiptoeing around trying to make sure I say it all right, the intuitive version is what shows up best. And I believe as mentors and coaches, maybe you're not that way when it comes to your coaching, maybe you're not that way in everything that you do, but I can tell you that when it comes to your your marketing and your sales and your process of getting clients, this is something that you can train yourself in. And this is something that you can develop. This is something that I promise you. There are parts in your life that you do this in where you don't it's on autopilot when you get in your car to go drive. Well, it's nice. I have a car that's auto. Auto drives itself now, but for most of us, we get in a car to drive around, we don't have to think about it. What do we do? How do I make this work? How do I push the pedal and make it all do the right things? For me, it's on autopilot. Do you remember when you first took driver's ed or you learned to drive you white knuckling it on the wheel right? Most coaches that I meet, most people who are not getting the sales they want, they're white knuckling it through their marketing, through their sales process, through the idea creation process, through getting clients. They're waiting for the perfect moment, the perfect opportunity. This morning, for the last five days, I've been wanting to audit my my my checking. I do this every month. I audit my checking and credit cards for any expenses or memberships that I'm not using. I don't use any automated tools for this. I just go through line by line, and I just I marked down a list of the stuff I want to cancel that month, or the stuff that I don't want to use, or the stuff that I might need to offset, or things like that. And I've been procrastinating for the last four days of doing this. So what I did was, I was, I was eating lunch today. I had an early lunch, around 12 o'clock, and I'm like, You know what? I'm just going to open up chase on my phone, and I'm going to go down the list, and I'm going to write all this down on my phone while I'm doing something else. I'm going to take this time and I'm going to utilize that time to get more efficient. And you know where this came from for me that I realized I was getting into this. This story matters here, because this is where I came to this revelation, before my wife had kids, before my wife and I had kids, everything I did in my life operated from this place of intuition and flowing, and the level of results that I was able to get was it was like unmatched. And it's just I've been teaching this for a long time. Then my wife had kids, and I realized I gotta be strategic. I gotta I don't know how to do this. I'm doing something that's new. When it comes to you guys building out your marketing. This is how I felt with being a dad, tiptoeing through everything, and then if I make a mistake, my wife very disappointing to her, if I make a mistake, she is it just, it just causes a lot of stress in our household. If I, if I committed to do something, and then I forget, because I didn't write it down or something like that. And this is important, and we've learned this is important thing. Here's what I found. The more I tiptoe through making sure I do all the things right with my family, the worse of a dad that I am, the more I make sure that I tiptoe around my coaching, my business, my my marketing, the worse I am at building everything, the more I tiptoe through life, the less of a result that I get. And can I challenge you? Maybe you've never lived your life where you've not tiptoed through everything. I don't actually. Believe that's the case, because I think some people, most people, have an area where they feel confident in and what this is, is this is developing confidence in you. This is developing a place of confidence. Confidence comes from two things. There's two places where confidence comes from, and both of them are equally important. Number one, confidence can come from experience, right? I have a lot of experience in my business, and by the way, you can borrow somebody else's experience. When you're inside of a container like this, you can borrow my experience, my experiences, the experiences the experiences of my clients in your business and in your life, to be able to get better results for you. You can borrow this to apply this in your life and in your business. Okay, number two, it can also come from internal Now, here's the thing that happens when you don't have the experience, and this is the part that a lot of people get really stuck on. You can borrow the experience from somebody else, but at the same time you still don't have that experience, it can be scary. You don't know what you're doing. When I first gave my son a bath, the level of fight or flight that my body went into was probably the worst I've ever experienced, the fear of him drowning, the fear of him going under the water, and he got a little nine month old who's just flopping around in a bathtub. It was excruciating, the level of pain, but what I had to do is I had to borrow and I had to go internally, and I had to tell myself, it's going to be okay. You're going to do okay. You're going to not mess this up. You got this and visualizing it working out, visualizing the outcome. And so this is where we have to muster up inside of us just a little bit. Don't take a lot of time doing this,

[435:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: but to where we just do it, where we just get it done, where we just rip the band aid off, where we don't sit around and talk and contemplate and have to plan ourselves into a hole and and unfortunately, I can tell you, planning yourself can be one of the worst things that you can do in your marketing, in your business. I encourage people don't take more than two weeks to plan everything out and then execute launch it, get everything created. Make that last week, your execution process, where you take action. I'm not perfect at this by any means at all. I'm telling you this is somebody who literally fails at this on a regular basis, but I can look at every single time that I made the kind of money that I want to make in my business has come from not tiptoeing around, being willing to make mistakes, being okay with if something doesn't work out, being okay with just seeing how the results are. Can I tell you this one of the biggest problems that happens with people when building their business is they give up too soon. Momentum in your business starts out slow, and sometimes it can feel like three steps forward and two steps back, and then things start to take off at the last moment, right here, and often times people give up right here because they've been grinding for five years trying to get a result and have barely made a blip that they just decide to give up. I had a client of mine recently that unfortunately did this and it and I'll tell you, I'm a little disappointed in the fact this happened. She just said, like, like, we were, we were running ads, and it didn't produce the sales within three days of running ads. And instantly she's like, I'm never running ads again, period. I'm done with it. I'm done doing it. And I'm like, we haven't even gotten the algorithm to kick in yet. We haven't even got but like, she was done. She's like, I've ran ads three times before. They've not produced results, and I and this is the last time I'm done with it. And I'm like, What about creating, like, another offer? Nope, I don't want to make another offer. I'm done with it. And this is what happens with most people, is they give up too soon. They give up too quickly. In the process where they are three feet away from gold, they're digging and they're digging and they're digging and they're and they're working towards that goal, and then they're right click. Close to finding the mother load of what is going to explode everything and make their business grow. And there's even signs of that happening. And I'll tell you, can I? Can I give you a little bit of a hint of something I just I've seen this happen in my life. I'm not declaring this over anybody, but I'm going to tell you that this is how it usually goes right before the greatest breakthrough in your life, especially financially, you will have, often times, not always, but oftentimes, some of the greatest level of chaos where it literally just feels like you're ready to just throw in the towel and give up, like nothing is ever working for you and like things are not progressing, and if you can continue consistently through the most painful, most hurtful, bottom level of things not working out and not going your way, and you continue to do the consistent actions, this is what I want to give you a little bit of a kick in the pants with, because this is what separates the most successful people from those that are not. And I know this because this is what I've experienced in my life, and this is what I have seen with the the dozens of multi millionaire clients that I've helped work with, and the clients that I've worked with that have made multiple six and seven figures as soon as you get almost to the point where the biggest breakthrough happens. I remember this happened with Rick Pino. His business was making 100 to $200,000 a month. We had scaled it to that level of the course of three years. So we decided to make a big leap. And that big leap didn't turn out. It lost him $400,000 that month, and

[515:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was painful for me, because I felt partially responsible, and I appreciate Rick, because he was like, No, dude, like, we strategize that together, I was the CEO. I made the decision that loss is on me, and he's like and you even let me know this might be a lot more risky than you want to do. It might lose you all the all everything invested. Can I tell you something to happen the next month, Rick made a million dollars in his business.

[526:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I remember this happened with, with with, uh, with my mom. I've had this happen so many times where I've seen it. It's just like, I wish you guys had the experiences that I've had with this. We were scaling, scaling, scaling, my mom's coaching business. I remember this, and I had this idea of, what if we move everything to a membership. And her business revenue went from 90,000 a month to $30,000 a month, and she lost it. My mom did lost it. I'm so thankful I can share these stories with you now. I was scared. I used to be scared to share some of these stories, because I was like, I don't want to make my mom look better. I don't want to make Rick look bad, or things like this, or reveal these things. And I remember like she lost it. She was mad at me for the recommendation that I gave that made her revenue go from 90,000 to $30,000 and she couldn't pay payroll. Can I tell you what happened within 60 days? I told her, wait it out. Let's go through this process. This was this was like, right after my mom's divorce, 2016 I 16, almost going into 2017 two months later, her business did $400,000 that month in profit from the strategy That seemed like it was losing everything. Because when you make a big shift, and you go into things and you say, Okay, I'm going to take a leap, I'm going to take action, you shake the system up a little bit. And I think there's a very big, much a spiritual principle to this, that we shake things up a little bit, that it creates a little bit of chaos, that our life is going to try to return us back to where we came from. Then it's going to try to return us back to the place that we came from. And if you can press through, and you cannot lose your faith, your vision, and you continue consistently, and you have a deadline and a date where let's. Said, Now listen, I also agree with cutting your losses if something is not working. I have had marketing campaigns that have just not worked. I spent $10,000 in ads and they didn't work. It didn't produce more than two sales. And I'm like, Oh my gosh, this sucks. It does. But if you can get back on the horse again, you fall off, you get back on again, and you keep going, and you don't let it derail you, and you don't let it stop you, you will succeed. You will see success happen for you. You will eventually, and usually it's right at that moment where the worst possible thing can happen. It's oftentimes where you don't have the time, where we don't have the effort, where we don't have the ability to do this. I'm going to give you guys something transparently, a little bit in my I'm I've been on a stock market trading journey, and I'm in the middle of this right now, trading stocks, and I've literally walked through this the last two weeks with myself, and I'll tell you, it created a level of resilience in me that I would say is an education that I it was worth every penny I've been learning how to trade stocks for the last five years. My mom is an expert stock trader. She's made millions trading stocks. She mentors people every single week on trading stocks. Every single day she does, and I've been trading stocks, and my experience of trading stocks is I make. I make. I've had big gains, and then I get a little bit cocky, a little bit risky. I go against my fundamentals, and then I end up losing those gains like you don't want you. Don't want me mentoring you on trading stocks just yet, because that's kind of been my track record. My mom's track record is growth in stock. She's great. Mine has kind of been, I make money and then I lose it. Well, I made at the beginning of June, $10,000 trading stocks. Like, oh my gosh. This is amazing. I felt like I was Mr. Billionaire stock trader. I'm like, if I can make 10,000 I can make a million, I can make like, you know, okay, well, your boy got a little cocky, and I bought an option on Coinbase. At the moment when it was going up. I bought a put option, and I lost $10,000 in about two hours. Okay, so luckily, it's not like any cash that I had. I didn't go into debt or anything like that, but it was like the 10,000 I made, I lost that so like I said, you don't want to, you don't want me teaching you how to trade stocks. I'm still in my journey learning this, but what I did was I got back on the horse again, and I said, You know what? I'm going to stick to my fundamentals. And it was hard and it was painful and it was difficult, but the last five days of trading, I've been making between 200 to $300 again in profit each day trading stocks again. And I'm not losing money like I was, not been making these risky decisions. And I gotta tell myself, Okay, I'm listening to books like the mental game, game of trading and all this. There's incredible books that my mom gives people about these types of things. I had a call with my mom, I said I went through I did the same dumb, stupid thing I did two years ago. She's like, it's okay. She's like, I've probably done it 20 times myself before I got to where I am now. And I'm like, okay, all right. I got this because I know that I can make this happen if I if I can make it happen once, I can make it happen again. I didn't just get lucky. I had fundamentals that I followed. I had a system that I followed, that I learned from my mom, and that's exactly what I'm sharing with you right now. When it comes to business, when it comes to your marketing business, I have a consistent track record over the last 22 years of multiple six and seven and even eight figure successes. If you can stay consistent, and you can train yourself that when things aren't going my way when I maybe a campaign doesn't work how I want, how I wanted it to, and you're willing to put yourself out there because you're okay with if this doesn't work out, it's okay. I don't need it to work out for my safety, security and personal identity to be maintained. That's a hard place to get to. It is where we're not self identifying with our success, but we can train ourselves. And I'm going to put myself out there. I'm going to market this, I'm going to follow Jeremiah's system, and I'm going to be willing to test things out and not procrastinate, and I'm going to do it quickly. I'm going to get my offers up quickly. You will start to see results, because it's exactly what I've experienced. It's exactly what my best clients have experienced. And I believe the same will happen for you as well. Okay, so I just want to encourage you. I think every. Single person that's watching this right now can succeed in their business. They can get results. It's going to take some inner work to work through some of that. It's going to take some execution, some action steps, to get things working. But I know that it might not feel comfortable or part of your norm today to be able to do this, and that's okay. It wasn't. It's it's not been my normal mentality to this. I I'm the Colby score. I'm a high Quick Start and a high of a high Fact Finder. So I have to put my Fact Finder on the back burner to make my Quick Start go quickly. Now let's say you might not be a natural Quick Start person. You can still discipline yourself. This is where self discipline comes from. Discipline creates the freedom in your life to have the results that you want. And so if you can discipline yourself to create a lifestyle of consistently putting offers out there without taking a lot of time and effort into developing them, recording your videos, the landing pages, the lead magnets and all that. And you break through the internal resistance and struggle that's keeping you from doing that, you will see results far better than you ever have before a year from now, if you make that your habit, and every time and you and you and you start to, like, really commit to this. This is one of the number one things. There's two things, two things that I see that determine people succeeding. Number one, WIC, decisions. You know, they've actually asked billionaires, what is the number one reason they succeeded as a billionaire? They don't waffle around in their decision making. They make fast decisions, even if it wasn't the right decision. They make a decision and learning to do that, and making that a habit and part, and rewiring whatever part of your personality doesn't make quick decisions about every aspect of your life, really, I would encourage you to do this, but at least in your business, to start to do that. And then number two, generating leads and email addresses. Growing your email list with people that you can market to, that you can nurture. And the idea is you make quick decisions on all of the aspects of what generates leads and email addresses in your business. You don't waffle around with how do I make sure my webinars perfectly? How do I make sure my landing page is right? How do I make sure my sales copy is right? If

[684:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're in my VIP program, you have access to me to be able to look over some stuff. I gotta go look over some stuff that was sent to me over the weekend. Here later today, I'm able to then go through all this with you. If you're in this container, you can post your stuff in the group, and I can look over your marketing, your campaigns, your sales, messaging, all of that, to be able to give you feedback and give you strategically, exactly what to do. And then it's time to take action. It's time to see what kind of result does this create? So we're not spending time again waffling around and hoping that things work, but that we actually start to see those results fast. Alright, I'm not about the hustle mindset. I'm not about that at all. Actually, this is the opposite of that. This is about coming from a place where you're flowing from your internal essence and spirit. This isn't about striving. This is not about burnout. This is the opposite of that. Burnout happens when we're striving to make sure it's all perfect. This is actually a lot easier, a lot more relaxing and a lot more fun in every single way. All right, so listen, I want to take some questions here. I want to do our Q and A time here. Raise your hand if you got some questions. If you want to talk through some of this stuff, you want me to review some things. We can go over this and help you make some progress and some breakthrough. All right, let me know. Wanna look at the chat here and see if anything is in here. What's up? Michelle, how are you?

[708:02] Michelle Plucinsky: I am fantastic. I was eating lunch, not on screen. Your mantra is great, and I tried to grab a lot of it. But just because your your wording is good, I see you develop and learn things as we roll along. So can you see if you can spit it out again? The one where you talked about you want to close sales, pull in clients,

[714:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: what was that? The

[715:14] Michelle Plucinsky: one where you were talking about, I want to pull in clients, like where you ask, God, here's what I want. Can you just riff that again by any

[717:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was, that was straight from the heart one time only. But let me see, I'm going to go into otter a. Eye and see where that is.

[721:02] Michelle Plucinsky: Maybe 20 minutes in, I don't know,

[721:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. Let me pull up the transcript and I'll and I'll pull that up. Okay?

[723:29] Michelle Plucinsky: And then what were you saying? I stepped aside for a second. Your mom, you did an ad, and what happened? It didn't perform.

[725:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh no, we were when we launched her inner circle. Okay, initially, her sales went from 90,000 a month down to 30,000 in one month, and she was really pissed off at that.

[729:18] Michelle Plucinsky: Do you think it was people like some people coming off the program and she attracted a new audience. Do you think that was some of

[731:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: it? Well, what we did was we eliminated a bunch of courses that we were selling, got it and went straight to a membership only model. So that was the big part of it. But then that, literally, it almost like doubled in sales and tripled within two months, is what that was. Um, okay, let me, let me copy this.

[739:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll get you whatever that. I guess it's a, I don't really use the word mantra, but I guess it could be considered one. Um, well, it was

[741:21] Michelle Plucinsky: like, nice. I mean, you guys call them prayers. I'm not, like, religious, so I mantras, because it's something I might say on a dog walk or something I'm thinking about. Yeah,

[744:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me, let's, let's see what the AI says. I'm going to ask it exactly. What did I say here? Let's say I want the ability to roll out of bed create content and close sales and bringing clients, not from striving, not from perfection, not from the fear that I have to say the right thing from a place where you fill my mouth, where I speak from the heart, and it connects with exactly the people you call me to help

[750:15] Speaker 1: lovely,

[750:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's pretty good, I know,

[751:13] Michelle Plucinsky: put it in the chat, and I wasn't even

[751:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: trying to, like, make something that was super good as, like a one liner, but I like that is literally, that's it. Yeah, that's good, awesome, yeah, thank you. Okay. Um, having toxic of people around you negates your confidence between your surrounding makes a difference. That is very true. Um, though sometimes we can be in an environment that can squash us, and we have to learn to kind of put up our our mental boundaries in that moment to where, um, like, you know, I'll just transparently when my wife is in her postpartum Ness. Sometimes I cannot let that affect me internally, how she's feeling in that moment when she was after giving birth and so and unfortunately, I have kind of let it affect me, and I've really had to learn like not to in some of those, in some of those moments. And her and I have had these conversations. This isn't just me saying that. It's like she literally says, like, sometimes she will go into where she feels like a different person when she has the postpartum rage that comes up a little bit. And so I've had to, like, not take it personally and not step into that swirl and stay strong as a leader in our home in the midst of that situation, planning can wreck your nervous system too much planning, what's the story? What's that story? Three Feet From Gold, it's not, I don't know if there's a story behind it. It's just the idea that, like, no like most people, are very close to the finish line of getting breakthrough and everything goes wrong, or the opposite of their breakthrough right before that breakthrough happens. And that happens very often. Adele says, I must be on the brink of a massive financial win. I think so. Actually, we didn't come this far and invest this much to fail in the wilderness. There's a book called Three Feet From Gold. Oh, cool. It's for the Napoleon Hill Foundation. Why? You know, I've never read the book, but I'm sure it's great. Um, how did that feel on the nervous system? I'm not sure. Well, it's incredible. Let's keep those wins going. I've been too enmeshed in the business you need to detachment. Yes, that's a very important is, is detaching from what you're building and the result and the outcome, and really like it, not being a part of you and your identity. Because you'll, you'll actually. Flow a lot better when it's not your identity of like, those of those things to where, for instance, I can have a client that doesn't succeed, and now I'm not a failure as a coach because of that, because otherwise that will eat me alive, or I can have an ad campaign that doesn't succeed, and I'm not a failure because I'm not self identifying with that being that.

[809:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, any other questions that we want to go over here today? I I want to, I want to type something else into chat, GPT, and see what insights we can get. What are insights in a framework people can do this might be helpful people can do in order to i You,

[817:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Shonda, I'll take your question in just a second. I want to pull this up here for everybody while we're on this. Is that okay? That all right, Shonda, can't hear anything from Shonda. All

[824:08] Shonda Whitworth: right, yeah, I hear you. Jeremiah, I was away from the computer. I'm listening with the arrows.

[826:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, here's a framework and set of insights distilled in your incredible session, force the constraint. I had a window of time to record. Use the theory of constraints to create artificial urgency. Set up one hour sprints that are non negotiable with their end times. Book a caller meeting at the end of the block. So you must finish. That was actually for yes, that's actually pretty great of a little concept that I used to do that often, and now I haven't. So that's actually a great idea. Done is better than perfect. Act before you're ready, stop waiting for clarity, 54321, act. There is a book called The Five second rule by Mel Robbins that is all about that idea of you have an idea and you and you act instinctively and quickly on those ideas to reach your goals. So this is another kind of, a great kind of follow up from an expert on this topic. Confidence isn't a prerequisites. Reward. You won't feel ready. You'll feel powerful once you move. Yes, something powerful happens once you take action. It'll literally shift you into a different state of mind, silence, the inner perfectionist. You don't need it to be perfect. Perfect is procrastination in a tuxedo. Shift from this, will this be good enough to what will I learn? Excellence comes from iteration, not hesitation. Yeah, so excellence comes from action. Train your nervous system. That's kind of cool. It created fast this. This is where, like, AI is so cool. I would not have come up with stuff like this, but it took my transcript and made this whole thing right here. I'm safe to act before I see proof, I am guided and I am resourced. Insights from your story flow over, force the intuitive version of you closes better, connects better skills easier. Genius hides behind I don't care if this works. I trust the process. Yep, burnout is a symptom of over planning. You can borrow confidence, activation exercise, pick one marketing task, set a 30 minute timer. Okay, now here's what I want to ask the AI to go deeper into brainstorm beyond be above a framework, an idea that can help implement the above outcome, act as an expert, and don't teach exactly what is in the above transcript, but share concepts and ideas that are not shared above that worked. And then what I would do to this is, this is also a fun way I use chat GBT. After this prompt, I would ask it, what books are out there that teach these topics. And it actually will give me a list of like books by other authors to check out, which I might go check out. OODA, observe, orient, decide, act, audit the three bet portfolio. Sure thing, gross bet growth, bet moonshot state priming, priming your state with sensory cues. That's actually what the book shift is about by Eric cross, is priming your state. It. Ethan, cross decision, algorithms, pricing, content, client, fit, the improv, reps, method, pick a constraint, hit record, publish, capacity, buckets, dashboard, micro, feedback, flywheel, somatic Reset Tool. Okay, let's see, what are some books by authors all about the above topics. Let's see what are some top books that might exist throughout there? Oh, it's going to give us two responses here. We got we got two brains working at once. Now see which one's better. Rapid decision making in business. It's going to try to find us that on business leadership and decision making. Curated bookshelf how to decide by Annie Duke, six pillars of decision making, super forecasting, a beautiful constraint sprint, 12 week year. Trust your gut flow. The rise of Superman. I have read both of these, stealing fire and the rise of Superman. They're good, though they do talk about using psychedelics to get there. I'm not, like, you don't really need to do that in my experience. But, yeah, they talk about using psychedelics to basically become like superhuman in your flow drugs and stuff. Yeah. So those are some interesting book I have read, peak performance, the Body Keeps the Score and all that. This is a great, kind of like list of some different books with that All right, cool. That was kind of a side tangent, but those are some great their topics to look at, okay, Shonda. Shonda had her hand raised. What's up? Shonda,

[912:13] Shonda Whitworth: I guess my microphone. Can you hear me now? Yeah, okay, so this is a great training today. I needed this. I'm going to have to watch the replay the doorbell rang and I missed part of it, but my question is about the post I had put in the Facebook group and you responded to about the Funnel Hacking and getting on a call, because I really want to evaluate, you know, my offer suite and how I could scale, you know, like you just scaled in, or you had the scalable ways of coaching, and, you know, like you just had an offer where you did that, and I'm looking for ways I can scale beyond the membership, because I really like to increase my income and then funnel people into the membership after an event or something else. And so one of those organizations I found that has some high ticket is Chandler bolt with self publishing.com and he's there in Austin. I don't know if you know if you know him. I mean, Austin's big, but I don't. But anyway, I am encountering that resistance, like you said in the comments, like, yeah, get on the call. Do it. And I'm like, How do I get on the call? Will you explain that in more? Do I pretend I'm interested in being a client when I'm really not. I mean, I guess I'm really I don't

[935:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: see what's wrong with that at all. Okay? I think it's something maybe like, internally, that you're dealing with that's like, because in business, doing market research of what people are doing that's out there is just a normal part of doing business. So the where, internally, what is the you mentioned something about it not being ethical?

[942:35] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, I put that in the thing, and it feels, I guess it feels that way to me, like I have no intention of becoming a client, because I know how to do what. Well,

[945:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: part of it could be because you might have a judgment of people that join your trainings and don't have an intention of becoming a

[947:39] Shonda Whitworth: client, okay, I hadn't thought of that,

[948:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: that that you would be upset if somebody did that with you.

[949:38] Shonda Whitworth: Okay? That's something to explore.

[950:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and so again, like, if that's the case, maybe like, realize, like, like, people can do that. They do that all the time. That's just part of in business is kind of breaking stuff down like that. Now, I've not hopped on calls with people necessarily. You can usually write in and find out, like, what their programs are. If they need you to hop on a call, then do it if you want to just be honest on the call, say, you know, I'm not. I'm not in a position to just ask questions about it. Just come from. A place of authentic it's kind of like acting a little bit, come from a place of, like, authentic interest, but like, just know that, like, at the end of the call, you're just going to tell them, like, I'm probably not a good fit for this. Like, that's what I've done. I'll have authentic interest. But at the end, like, I'm like, No, I'm not going to do it. And then they try to persuade me or guilt me into buying it. I'm just like, nope, not going to do it. You know, I went through a couple, I'll do that on a couple of different funnels where I'll just, I'll see, like, how they do their funnel process, but then I'm not going to necessarily buy it at the end of it, and I don't have to,

[969:47] Shonda Whitworth: right? Because I'm wanting to see what they're asking for, because I want to see what people are willing to pay and so I could go and find some other people that would be interested in paying me to do the same thing. So, you know, I'm not looking to steal clients from them. I'm just looking to see no

[975:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, okay, you gotta also not have a idea that you having your own program in the same niche is going to steal clients from somebody.

[978:26] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so maybe that's a mindset there that just came out. Yeah?

[979:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: That means yes, there's enough business to go around for everybody,

[980:42] Shonda Whitworth: right? There's enough fish in the sea. So,

[981:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you can see, you know, how much those are. Let's see if chat GPT has any insight on what the cost of his high ticket programs are. Yeah, and

[984:24] Shonda Whitworth: I've been running that too. It's been looking public for whatever public information's out there. I've had had it running that,

[987:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: um, some

[989:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: details about packages ranging from 7000 to 30,000

[992:05] Speaker 3: so

[992:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: see, become a best seller, $8,000 Author advantage, accelerator, 16,000 author accelerator, Elite is 30,000 i

[998:13] Shonda Whitworth: Oh, okay, so yeah, I don't think I've asked it directly, that question like that.

[1000:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, that was from this page, right here. Oh, look, somebody broke down what they offer. It's all right here, professional ghost writing services. There you go. Okay, just wondering on price. I mean, there you go. It's all right there. There are some

[1006:31] Shonda Whitworth: prices right there, so I don't really need to get on a call, then I can look at what's offered in each one of those packages

[1007:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that those price points are what, pretty much every high ticket program is going to fall into those categories. Usually

[1010:28] Shonda Whitworth: okay, because, yeah,

[1010:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, depending on, like, the the timeline, usually there's like a either a lifetime or a one year commitment on those at that price point. Um, like my VIP programs, 900 a month. It still breaks down to around 10,000 a year. If somebody's in it for a whole year, and I have like a minimum of a four months, but I can see people staying in there longer than just four months, too. Okay with design,

[1017:17] Shonda Whitworth: all right? Well, I'm working on evaluating the possible possibility of like you mentioned earlier, events. Events are more planning, but I want to start with virtual events before doing in person events. But I think that for writers, I think eventually getting to an in person event may be a really good move, because people like to get away. Yeah, definitely, they feel like they're doing more writing if they're away. Yeah, and kind of deal. So yeah, I can see that. So yeah, all right. Well, thanks for walking me through that. I appreciate that. You bet

[1029:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can use chat GPT to do a lot

[1029:27] Shonda Whitworth: of that research. I didn't ask it that specific question, though, thing. So yeah, that was good. Yeah. All right, thank you.

[1031:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Adele, what's going on?

[1032:26] Adele Best: Yeah, I was gonna ask you to look at it, but I tried to get it in a landing page before the call, but I couldn't, but I'm thinking, I'll just wait till I get it in the landing page. It's better that you look at it on a landing page, so I'm going to continue working on it tonight, and I'll let you look at it when it's on a landing page.

[1038:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. Oh, cool, awesome. What do you got going on? So I

[1039:11] Adele Best: have mapped out a micro offer and a signature offer. For like, basically a course that teaches people how to monetize their gifts into a high ticket offer based on biblical principles. So kind of targeting Christians, but not necessarily Christians. And then I've also mapped out a two hour workshop with my colleague that we're teaming up together a psychologist, but we are offering like wealth protect, wealth protection strategies to wealthy people through the creation of a trust. Yeah, so we've worked out, I've done, I've done the sales copy for that micro offer, workshop, sales page, and I've also mapped out the workshop. I've done the slide. I've mapped out the slides. Okay, and the offer is a 10k offer. It's a done for you service where we will create a trust structure for their assets. Actually, Sarah, she's the expert in that, so she's going to deliver the actual offer. You're partnering with somebody. We kind of, I said to her, Look, I'll, I'll open the workshop up. I'll do the opening. I'll do the hard sell at the end. If you do the teaching bit in the middle. Great. So that's how we're going to do it. So I got chatgpt last night to map out the slides. So I've got it all mapped out and chat GPT. But I was trying to get it into Kajabi today, but I didn't get it done in time. It took me an hour to try and load a template into Kajabi. Yeah. So yeah, I've not heard this

[1064:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: is also pretty good slide generation app right here. This beautiful.ai

[1066:43] Adele Best: Beautiful. Okay, cool. Ai, so I can just load in my chat, GPT, slide summary, and it can create the presentation. Yeah, slides and all that. Yeah, that's brilliant. Then all I gotta do is, like, drop in some branding pictures, whatever, and that's done. Cool. There you go. Yeah. So, yeah, I'm making progress. I'm just taking action now. Jeremiah, I've decided to I don't care anymore. I'm just going to take messy action. It's actually better to take action and fail than not to take action at this point. That's how I feel. It's

[1075:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: always going to be that way. Yes, absolutely, yep, yep. And unfortunately, we can get so caught up in a process of thinking that gets us out of that place of genius that we're in, and then we end up losing who we are to Over planning, over, trying to make sure that everything's curated and perfectly put together and and that just doesn't produce results. That doesn't connect with people. Yeah,

[1085:34] Adele Best: I think it's, I think it's smart to have some level of strategy, but at the same time, you gotta have, you gotta have some kind of fire, some authenticity. Otherwise it's people are just not going to connect to

[1088:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Yeah, exactly. All right, awesome. Well, anyone else have any other questions here today? Anything else here before we wrap it up? Go into the next stage of everything. What's the next stage of everything? Well, the next stage is where we take action and we implement when we start to go through that. So in in the members area, I've been adding a new course that's in there again, the Start Here section has so much value right now, the total online six figure roadmap is great. We have the brand new, automated six figure business blueprint. Course, this one is a lot more concise, a lot less of me talking, a lot more, getting down to the brass tacks of what to do on everything. So this one's really good. This one's going to end up replacing this one here, once I have all the lessons of it done, I just recorded the lesson on your landing pages next, and then we'll do you're doing, probably the email marketing presentation one on there, again, it's just, it's the whole process of building out a funnel for an offer of some kind, getting that done, getting that going, that's the most important thing that we can do. So all right, y'all I will see everybody next week for the Q and A and for our VIPs. I will see you tomorrow. Have a good one. Bye. You.

