CGA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-01-13T18:50:13.000Z
Duration: 110 min
Otter ID: OS9lcFi8zRpS-dTq4PpvCJJSnEg
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: I don't want to do this ahead of time, but I'm running just one click behind today on that. That's okay. CGA, copy, invite like, oh, wait, no, you know, I have to do it into the the Facebook group. Now I'm excited. I have almost 30 people registered for my three day event, but they all paid to be there, which is cool. So, like I, what I translate that to is, when I would do free challenges, I'd probably get, like, one in four would pay for the VIP. So I just multiply that's that's having 30. That's like having 120 on a free challenge to me, and having 30 VIPs. So that's incredible and exceptional, and the numbers are awesome. And I truthfully, like barely have been marketing it at all, and yet it still is working great. So I just like, I love when a plan comes together and it works out better than expected. And a lot of those people are ones who either they've been following me for like about the last year, or they joined us on one of our evergreen offers that we did. Okay, go live in the group. Here we go. Invite. Oh, man, I'm excited for how this year is this going, see, I just, I gotta go live here in the groups. This is going to load up. Okay? We're gonna go live. Thanks everybody for your patience on this. Go Live. Trust me, it will be well worth it today. You hear what I have to share. All right. Title, okay, live training. January 13, 2025 bonus on zoom here, okay, how many of y'all Is it weird to like write 2025 you're like, oh my gosh, I forget I write 2024 I do that for probably the next like two months, and it becomes a habit that you gotta like, retrain yourself with. So okay, we're in the Facebook group. We're live in the Facebook group. We're here on Zoom. Well, welcome everybody. Let's see we got Brett Adele TIFF, Tiffany, Tammy, Shonda, Michelle, and whoever else is in the group. Yeah, I know it is weird when there is that when, like, when you gotta change the the year. Yes, the new name for our program. So I've been tossing around the idea of having a new name for a while. So this is our, like, first day, our first wealthy coach Academy call is what it is. And so I'm excited. I like the name because it it's so it's specific as to like what this group is, who it's for, what we're creating, the life you're creating. And when it comes to sales, how often have you heard me say you gotta get specific about who it's for, what you do, how you help people? And then my offer hasn't even really been that. It was, like the client growth accelerator, like, doesn't even sound very specific, and yet it still worked, because the sales, the marketing and all that were still in there. So that's one thing to tell you, is, like, when you got the system running, a lot of the pieces don't have to be perfect, and they work great. But this is like, a little tweak that I'm like, Okay, I have a feeling that this is actually going to increase, like, sales, because people are gonna be like, Oh, this is for me. I want to be a wealthy coach. I want to be somebody who becomes extremely wealthy as a coach. And then Academy makes it clear as well that there's a lot of like, there's learning, there's classes, there's training. So that's where I kind of broke that down with a little bit there. Alright, it is a good hook. I was going to call it the wealthy coach accelerator, and that just never sat well with me. And then I had a, I had an issue with the word Academy for like, two years. And then I realized, you know what? Like, it's a good marketing phrase, and I, and I look back at like, three people that I love what their programs are, and they call it an academy. So I'm like, Okay, it's great. Alright, so this is going to segue into what I want to talk about here today. We were talking about this two weeks ago, we've been talking about this for the last couple of weeks, simplifying the glass Academy. There you go. That's awesome. I've been talking about, like, simplifying things. And if you weren't a part of this, I think our training two weeks ago, we were talking about using AI to simplify things. How AI can help us simplify a lot of the time effort involved in building our business. How, like, we think that we're supposed to invest a lot of time into it, the amount of time that you spend creating your marketing and stuff? I want us to move away from, like, I gotta invest a lot of time into my marketing and realize that what's the most important thing in our business, it's connecting with people. It's people understanding what the transformation is that they're going to get by working with us. And then everything else that we do in our marketing is just helping people understand that. So like if we if we simplify, everything that we do, that we that I teach here in this program, that that you need to do to grow your business, it's, it's building connections with people that you haven't met yet before, or deepening connections with those who you've already met. Okay, that's what, like almost all of our sales and marketing effort, really, truly boils down to, and specifically people that you can get results for with your program, that have a desired outcome so they have a transformation. They have something that they want to get to in their life. And then your program, your membership, your coaching program, your training, your your mastermind, your academy, helps get them from where they are to where to where they want to be with that so, like, we gotta, like, just realize that that's that's what we're doing here. And we can get so caught up just in the minutia of the day to day of marketing and building out our funnels and the and the systems and strategy, and it is my sales copyright, and is my language, right, and all that. And so again, that's why I lean heavily on AI to do a lot of this, the stuff that it can come up with ideas like I was just coming up with a simple landing page for a waiting list this morning, and I came up with a headline, some bullet points and a call to action. And that's literally the waiting list page. And I use the AI in about five minutes while I was eating some lunch before this, because it was something I've been like, putting off for like a day or so, and I wanted to get it done, and I know I gotta make this waiting list page, um, but I just got it done, and I use the AI to do it, and then I rewrote, like four, like four of the words. I just changed like four or five of the words. And that's what you're going to start noticing, like, with AI, that you'll be doing, you'll be changing, maybe not just entire sentences, but like, okay, that word here, vitality. I might not want to use the word vitality. I might just do the life you've always imagined. I might not use the word affordable. I might change it to competitive. I might not make it about what somebody's going to get in my sales copy. I'm going to make it be about the life they're going to experience. And so, like, this is a waiting list page for a brand that we're we're creating, been working with, with Sandy Krakowski on this for her telehealth business. And we're creating a wake a waiting list page for that is what it is. But it's like, okay, the AI got us, like 95% of the way there, saved a lot of time, simplified it. We just correct it and fix the rest. So we talked about that. I did a whole training on that, like two weeks ago. I think it was like two or three weeks ago. I was talking about that in in the group, if you go into the members area, into the weekly coaching calls, you'll be able to find that, and it's really is a great like master class on using AI. What are the best AI tools. I know uh, Ursula was asking about that. And so again, that's actually where I would, I would direct you, is in the members area to go check that out. If you're like, Okay, what's the latest on AI? We took a whole, a whole uh, session here on a Monday, and I went over those, those things. Ursula is about to jump in here right now, so that's why I wanted to just mention to her. I don't know if she saw this on there. Hey, Ursula, what's up? Not to put you on the spot. I was actually just talking about you did your spidey senses trigger and you heard me.

[153:53] Speaker 0: What I was what I was saying was you had asked a question about AI, and I just remembered Ursula. I hope you can hear this that December 30, I did a training. What's up, Ursula? To your question that you would ask me this week, I did a whole training here in the group Academy, weekly trainings archive, December 30. This is all about AI, the best AI tools and all of that. And I go over, like, how are we using them in the right way? So this is, like, a crash course. There wasn't a lot of questions. I think it was, like 4050, minutes long. And so go check that out if you want, like, the latest on like, what's going on with AI on there? I think that'd be really helpful. But what I want to talk about is simplifying everything else in your business. AI is a great tool. It's something that I think can help us a lot. But I think sometimes we can get caught up in just trying to do too much stuff in our business, or we think we need to do too much stuff, and that's even 10 times worse. I overthinking. How many y'all deal with the overthinking type stuff? Like you got an idea for your business, you got an idea for your coaching program, your offer, we start overthinking it. I'll be the first to raise my hand. I overthink it, and then I don't do anything for like, two, three weeks. And then I'm like, Okay, I had Brett was raised his hand. I don't do anything for two, three weeks. And then finally, I'm like, Okay, I need to just do the thing that I came up with the idea of three four weeks ago. And it's because we end up, if you're really creative and you're in intuitive and you're in tune with what your customers want like, right? We talk about in marketing, having empathy for your customers, understanding your customer, understanding your client, what they're dealing with, what they're going through, being able to listen to your clientele and understanding what's going to help them get the results they're wanting? Um, it's that can turn into a kryptonite. It can turn into a double edged sword. It can turn into a a negative, something that can actually hurt you more than help you. When we take that way too far, when we take our empathy way too far. And I, actually, I used to not think that there was too far that you could take this there is when it becomes to the point that we are in a place of inaction, when we are tiptoeing, walking on eggshells. And let's think about that. That's a that's actually kind of a trauma response is because we're trying to please our customer so much we're trying to make sure that we're able to control what's going to happen so much that we end up over complicating everything that we're doing, instead of just like, what do i i call it. It's funny. So I, I call it my, like, high energy state of mind. There's a high energy version of Jeremiah that I gotta be careful, because I can run all over people. I can bulldoze down, like, when I'm with my wife and kids, like, I gotta tone that down a little bit. But when it comes to me getting stuff done in the business, like, unless I'm operating in that, I'm going to be tiptoeing through everything so much, and it's not even a sense of confidence. It's actually like, where I just I let go, of letting my mind go to all the stuff, all the ways that something could go wrong, and I'm focused on, what are the actions that need to get done, setting really crazy restraints, like, Okay, I gotta get this done today, by 4pm even though, even if that's not even like, true, even If like, Okay, I have two weeks to get it done, telling myself, okay, by 4pm this has to get done. And I've gotten to the point now where, like, I know how to communicate that with my family. Again, I got a little bit of an interesting dynamic, because I got the kids here, I got the wife. We're stay at home, work at home, family. They're, they're, they're out right now. Where they at, they're at Sprouts right now. So they're, they're going with with Grant, with the grandma, they're going grocery shopping with my wife's mom, the two kids. They're at Sprouts so but like most of the day, we're together, and I'm there supporting my wife, and that's my number one priority in all of that. But I have to communicate, okay, I want to get this done by 4pm I got to get this done by 4pm if I don't, it's going to get delayed. It's going to delay other things. And so internally, I set limits on myself for when to get stuff done. So that's one thing for time management, setting limits on yourself for when you need to get stuff done. But then there's simplifying, like what you're doing, and this is what I wanted to get to is when we set I would say that they are artificial constraints, because a constraint of I have to get this done by 4pm even though I might still be able to get it done a week from now, helps me not procrastinate. If I'm naturally going to wait until the last minute to do it, I have something right now. I'm, I'm way procrastinating on I was supposed to get it done on Thursday, and then Friday, and then Saturday, and then yesterday. I got 15% of it done yesterday. It's, it's the marketing and follow up emails for the three day event that I have that's coming up, because I want to have those all written and then scheduled out. And then this morning, I was getting ready for today's training, today's talk, and so I didn't spend this morning getting that together. Then I had, like, a surprise meeting. So I keep openings in my life for surprise meetings. Life goes crazy. Baby poops in the bathtub. You gotta spend the next half hour sanitizing everything. You know all that like it's crazy. The refrigerator stops running, stops working. Oh, okay. We gotta get the refrigerator motor replaced. This happened on Friday. And so it's like, okay, life happens. So the reason why we want to simplify everything in our business is because life happens. And the reason why I think the reason why we don't get stuff done is because it's just there's too much complexity, there's too much to do to get done, and then life happens. And I I'll tell you before, before I had kids, I was really good at keeping my schedule clear. Like, if you looked at my schedule and what I had to do during the day, there was, like, nothing on it all day long. And so that just gave me the most beautiful, like Zen, like creative, like, I'm like a, like, a monk all day long, just, oh, coming off with amazing ideas. Like, that's, that's my, like, ultimate, like, best, favorite scenario. And then I then I had kids, and I realized that that's, like, not reality, except in like, small doses. I'll have, like, 30 minutes to an hour that I can do that strategically. So I gotta plan that. Okay, I'm going to take 30 minutes of brainstorming time. I'm going to take an hour to just, like, get a feeling for the energy, for this and all of that. When it comes to, like, my sales copy, I do that a lot. When it comes to sales copy, at first it comes from the energy that I'm feeling, and then I write it. But I don't have the ability where it's like, I would have a whole week of that, and I would have, like, most of my time would be spent doing that. And so I've had to figure out, okay, within the constraints of having family, keeping openings for things to happen. Not I don't want to say, go wrong, but happen, right? Um, like, let's say, oh gosh. Halston again, playing outside. And then I, and then I looked down, and he says, bees, bees. I'm like, bees. What he had, like, 50 ants crawling all over him because he had, he he had found an ant mount. And so I had to quickly, like, okay, take his clothes off. I had to throw him aside. He didn't get bit by any of them. And then, and then, like, I had to take time and, like, clean that off. It was so cute. Like, he thought it was bees because he had seen these, like, honey bees on a YouTube show that he liked, but they were these ants. And it was so it's like, sad, and it it triggered me a lot, because it was such a scenario that I'm like, I don't want that to happen to me. I don't want that to happen to my son. Oh, stuff happens. And this was yesterday, okay, so it's like, I share all this because it's like, we all have our version of that, that happens. We all have our version of stuff happens. Life happens. Things don't go how we planned. And I'm not going to beat a dead horse on this one at all, but I, because I say it way too much, I push this one way too much. You You have to become okay with life not going perfect. You have to become okay with life not going how you imagined it. We we expect. We hope for the best. We have hope for things to go really well. For us, we have hope that everything is going to go really well. But then sometimes life happens. I'll tell you, things go really, really well for my wife and I and our family, like 95%

[314:25] Speaker 0: of the time. Is that 5% that I've learned, like, don't let it derail the other 95% B, keep your keep your happiness about you. Keep your joy on, keep your love on, keep your communication in kindness. All of that is going to help, like, with mitigate some of the stuff that happens that if we don't get super frustrated when stuff happens. Of course, it's frustrating when those things happen, but it's just a thing that happens. It's just something that went that way. And in our business, when it comes to launching your offers, I'm going to say something that's a bit unpopular, but I think that it's important, and we gotta understand this. And it's something that, if you're here in the wealthy coach Academy here, this is going to make you wealthy, is not have the expectation that everything like that, there's a perfect way to do things that's going to perfectly produce a result all the time, and realize that good enough, launching our offers, launching our content, good enough that it's okay. It's okay if it doesn't produce the perfect result that we want, because that's going to get us to the place where things are going to produce the results that we want. In in in my business, I was having this conversation with, uh, with Sandy, with the telehealth, we had had like three that we thought we had found, like the perfect situation, the perfect scenario, and then it was like, two steps forward, one step back, two steps forward, one step back, two step forward, one step back. Okay, great. That's okay. That's great, because whenever that happens, that's a time to rejoice, that's a time to be happy, that's a time to strengthen your inner fortitude. That's a time to to press into okay, what makes me happy for the day? What makes me feel excited when things don't go, quote, unquote, how we want them to. And again, like I said, it's not popular. You know, you guys are here to get strategies that work. You all are here in a coaching program to hear what works. But can I tell you the foundation of learning to be joyful and happy and roll with the punches and okay, like I'm gonna feel frustrated, I'm gonna get triggered, I'm gonna have stuff not know how I want them to, like, it was very triggering when the refrigerator went out. I don't know why, but it was like, I almost wanted to cry, and then we fixed it. Like, in an hour. It was very triggering when Halston had the ants on him, like, like, but I can't sit in that it's very triggering when you run a campaign with Facebook ads and you get 100 people that sign up and nobody shows up and nobody buys from you. But can I tell you this, that's a stepping stone to where it's like, okay, let's run another campaign. Let's learn from this. What did I learn from it? What can I do better? What can I optimize? And how I'm building things to make the next one be even better. And so I'm not going to talk anymore about that, but that's the foundation of what I'm sharing as to why we need to simplify things. Because when we simplify things, when we remove the complexity, complexity makes things harder than it needs to be. You know, one of my favorite books, I haven't read it in a long time, but Extreme Ownership by Jocko Willink, when he goes into a company, he said, as a consultant, he looks at where the complexity is, because what's complex can't be duplicated measured. It becomes almost impossible to sustain. Now, there is complexity in life already, but if we can go down to the minimum level of complexity in our business, in our marketing, in our offers, on our landing pages, for our emails, you're going to get far more results by consistently doing The simple things. By consistently doing what allows you to show up with joy, with excitement. Because when we get caught up in overthinking, when we get caught up in trying to make everything perfect, our energy depletes. We start showing up as somebody that people don't want to be around. We wear like if you're anything like me, I wear it on my face when I'm feeling really down and exhausted and just caught up in my feelings and caught up in my thoughts and my emotions, and I'm overthinking and over analyzing, and then I'm trying to do everything perfect, to make sure that everything that I'm doing works really well. I'm trying to make sure that I don't misstep, that I don't miss a detail, that I don't lose something, that nothing goes wrong. And then I get frustrated, and I get frustrated with myself in the situation, and then on my face, my wife's like, why are you so grumpy? I'm like, I'm not grumpy. I'm super joyful. I'm happy. She's like, then tell your face, you know, and, and, but it's like, what shows up on my face is the inner dialog that I'm dealing with, that weight that I'm dealing with because I'm trying to hold on to things that I just don't need to hold on to, that I feel like I need to for safety, for security, that are not helping me. And as soon as I let go of all that, and I just say, You know what, let's roll with the punches. Let's have fun. Let's make it fun. Let's have fun today. You know, there's a there's a guy I look at this inspired me. Yesterday, I was watching football and Deion Sanders, he's the coach of the Colorado Buffaloes. I think that's the name of the team that call they have a buffalo sign, and they're in Colorado, but that's not the name of the team. I'm gonna crack up. But anyways, he's the coach of the team there, and he's got a, like, a new TV show, and he did all this. And I'm like, gosh, you know, he just looks joyful all the time. And then, like, something popped up on on my news feed. It was a quote of his that he was saying. He's like, you can have a bad moment, a bad minute, a bad hour, but I never have bad days. And I was like, You know what? That's a way to think about it. It's like, I can have a bad minute, I can have a rough time, I can have a bad campaign, a bad marketing campaign, but I'm not going to have a bad week. I'm not going to have a bad business. I'm not going to have something that's not working because a it starts with, how do I how I talk about it to myself, it starts with the energy that I start talking about it. And then it comes from reducing the complexity of all the stuff that I gotta do, all the stuff I gotta get done. What are the simple things that I gotta get done? So let's flip this this week. I want you to look at your business. I want you to go slightly into personal analysis mode. Here, not analysis paralysis, because that's what we're talking about. We want to get out of analysis paralysis. What are the things in the next 30 days? We're halfway through January. We talked about this a couple weeks ago. What can we streamline? What can we do to get us from the land of potential to reality? We're halfway through January. Okay, and let me pause here. No beating yourself up, no getting disappointed in yourself. That doesn't help nothing. Self Compassion is where we come from. Right here today, we have self compassion for what the last two weeks have been like. We've had sick kids in our house. The last week, I have compassion for what I got. I got, actually got a lot done last week, actually was very productive, and worked less hours, working by necessity because of that, and I got more accomplished. I like, I recorded all three sessions for next week's for this week's event. I feel really, really good about that, and it's because I simplified things. I got rid of doing live Q and A on video. I got rid of like, what, like, where I'm live and I gotta be live on the Zoom I'm gonna play back where I'm answering some questions on the training. I got rid of the pre trainings. I just included a playlist from YouTube, because I have so many YouTube videos, five of my top videos on YouTube,

[467:53] Speaker 0: reducing complexity, simplifying the landing page. I have a simple landing page template that I'm able to just duplicate, write some simple copy. I borrowed sales copy two, three weeks ago from three of my best campaigns. So I saved a lot of the sales copy in a Google Doc. This is one of the reasons why I like using Google Doc, and I was able to borrow from that to build out the copy for this new one. Then we renamed the the accelerator to the wealthy coach Academy, which was like ripping a band aid off. Why did I do that last week? Because I was recording the trainings last week, so I had to have it called wealthy coach Academy for this three day or I was going to have to wait till the next one that I did, because I've been procrastinating since September on renaming the program, which I wanted to do in September, and I wanted to do in March, and I wanted to do last year, and I've been putting off for over two years, renaming our program as I just had to do. It wasn't perfect. Like the Fast Start Training still mentions the accelerator program, and that's okay. I literally mentioned in my in the training, in the in the three day event. I'm like, listen the fast start. It's amazing. Go through. Amazing. Go through it. You want to go through the faster training. But, by the way, it mentions the accelerator program because we just changed the name over. So, like, I just, I explained it in that so now nobody cares. And I can go in later here, in this, this week, next week, we have our offer Launch Pad event that we're doing that, by the way, again, if you, if you all don't remember that, because I don't expect everybody to remember that, we're going to send out emails about this right here. This is going to be for everybody who's in here, Thursday and Friday, January, 23 and 24th you know, I simplified things in my business. I stopped doing stuff on Saturdays. Doing them on Thursday and Friday made things so much better for my family. I removed one of the sessions from this one instead of four sessions, it's three sessions, keeping things simple, I'm telling you, helps you sustain being able to show up. Yes, that is one that you do want to attend. You do get access, and you're gonna The links are gonna be posted and emailed to you. That's for this group here. It's a mastermind that we're doing. It's gonna be the last one that we're doing in this group here. It's a live mastermind experience for two days, working with you on your offers and things like that. So we'll send out emails about that great question so I want you to take a look at we're halfway through January, a what have we gotten done? Not to beat ourselves up, not to get self critical, not to get frustrated with ourselves, but rather, just, what do we get done? What do I want to get done by the end of January and before Valentine's Day. Okay, that's how I look at stuff. What do I want to get done by the end of January and by Valentine's Day? What's up? Adele, I see your hand raised. I just want to tell you what I've done. Oh, cool, yeah. Tell us,

[515:35] Adele Best: yeah. So I've done I finished my sales page. The graphic designers finished doing that. I've chatgpt my micro offer. I'm doing my social media posts tonight. The first post is going out tonight. I've set that limit that it can't go on beyond tonight. First the micro offer conversion event is going to be on the 31st of January. And I also connected with a friend who is an entrepreneur, who used to have an agency, and he burnt it all down when he kind of came to the Lord and everything, and he's now going to build his business back up. And he had, like, a really high ticket offer. It's about, it's like, 100k 150k and he asked me to come in as a senior consultant to deliver the offer. But he didn't really know how to get, how to get clients. I was like, Well, I know how to get clients. So I did the whole thing with his offer. He hadn't he didn't even know about chat GPT, so I took him through all that. So we've now developed a micro welfare for that. We're now posting. I created a LinkedIn profile. Started posting content last night. He's posting content, and we're running the first workshop, 27 two weeks time, 27th of January. Yeah. So I'm just like, Yeah, I don't. And at this at this stage now, just like you say, I don't care whether I get sales or people turn up. I'm just getting my nervous system into the way of I'm a coach, and this is what I do. It's just like another boring day at the office

[537:15] Speaker 0: getting sales. Because, like, the effort that we're doing should be for the purpose of getting sales, yeah,

[538:56] Adele Best: but just for the first initial one, I just, I just want to get into the way of this is what I do, and then repeatedly do it every month. So I'm removing my expectations. I'm removing my feelings. I don't care anymore. I'm not allowing myself that luxury. And like you said, I'm a single parent. I have a child. My car

[543:12] Speaker 0: broke down. We do feel things, but we don't let the feelings control us.

[544:23] Adele Best: Yeah? Like, I had to navigate about removing

[545:01] Speaker 0: our feelings. But it's like, okay, yeah,

[546:01] Speaker 0: but it's not going to change what I'm going to do. I'm going to decide what I'm going to do today. Yeah,

[547:12] Adele Best: and you know, this all having to trying to find safety in perfectionism. I've realized it's just, it's total nonsense. I'm holding myself back from testing and the real way of learning behavior

[550:01] Speaker 0: that we learned growing up. Yeah,

[550:46] Adele Best: so I'm very observant of it operating in myself. Procrastination has been my biggest thing, and it's because I'm trying to feel safe by being perfect, and I realize that about myself, so now, yeah, I'm just pushing on so and I'm excited.

[554:25] Speaker 0: That's awesome. Good job. I think that's great. Ben Johnston says, in the group, this is awesome. He says we made 10k today on a launch of our new mentoring program using the copywriting skills. That's awesome.

[558:18] Adele Best: Wow, well done. That's amazing.

[558:45] Speaker 0: That's so cool. That's awesome. He's in the Facebook group, and he posted that. That's awesome, Ben. I just, I love hearing that. I love hearing people getting results when they take action. I saw that his new mentoring, the man mentoring. I was like, that's a great title. It's simple, and I can see like, Ben is taking what we're teaching and he's doing it and he's applying it. You know, I think, I think it's great Ben actually made the investment to be with us for the long term, here in this program. And I think, like that was just a testament to him, okay, making the investment, showing up, doing the work, and that's what gets results. That's what produces results, not overthinking it. We might be again, he says he's guilty of overthinking. For sure, we might be guilty of overthinking. We might have that happen, but it doesn't have to define us or control us or get us all wrapped up. So again, Adele, that's amazing. You're taking action. Ben is taking action. Quick Wins again. Don't feel upset with yourself. If, like, you're like, Okay, I haven't done anything. I haven't taken action. I haven't done that. Like, that's fine. That's where we're at today. That's it. We just accept it, and then we say, okay, what can I do to make the next 30 days be better than the last 30 when it comes to my action taking, when it comes to my discipline, when it comes to my controlling my thoughts, controlling where do I put my focus. That's one of the things that I look at, though, is it again? It all boils down to, if I can keep my thoughts focused on what is good, what is keeps me happy, what is exciting, and it's, it's funny, it's a it's, it's very biblical. If you all are biblical, on that, like the Bible says, meditate on what is good, what is holy, what is like. That's literally in the Bible, it talks about this. And it's just every time I go back to that, meditating on, what are the good things that I want to happen, that I see that are happening, that are starting to come together, that are working out well, even if all chaos is broken out, even if it's like, okay, it's not going perfect, I'm going to stay aligned in the best state of mind and the state of energy to do that. And that comes by simplifying the actions. Let's simplify the name of our course. Okay, let's simplify our niche. Don't overthink the niche to start. You know, when I started my business, my niche was anybody who wanted to make money on the internet. Like, I was like, I'm telling you, this was, like, the the chicken nugget version of me in this business, that was like, Okay, I'm gonna go out and I'm gonna just help everybody who's on the internet. I had just stopped working with my mom. This was, this was like seven years ago, and isn't that amazing? Like, it was like seven years ago that I was working full time with her, and then I started this business. It's been seven years. It's amazing. Like, like, this year, I look back, I'm like, gosh, it's amazing. But like, I was I everybody on the internet do everything, and that didn't work. And so then I was like, Okay, I'm going to do sales calls and I'm going to sell one on one coaching packages, and that made me a little bit of money. I would make a few 1000 bucks here and there off of that. And then I finally had, like a revelation, almost three years ago. It was like a light bulb went off to simplify everything, to get rid of 80% of the people that I was trying to reach as clients. I'm telling you, I was having conversations with everybody e commerce. I had a guy who was running a mattress company that I did like, five calls with trying to get him to become a coaching client. And like, looking back, I'm like, No, not qualified, not going to be my client. And so I got rid of like 80% of who I was trying to reach. Simplified it down to Okay, coaches and course creators, okay. And so then I was like, okay, trying to hit all coaches and course creators. Now I'm simplifying it even more Okay, people who they they know what their niche is. They know how. They know they need to get clients, but they're struggling to get clients, but they know how to coach well, they they they love people. Maybe they need to grow a little bit in their sales skills and their marketing skills, and they lack some tech skills and so again, because of that, we gotta simplify it. We gotta keep it simple. So me shrinking down my niche was one of the first steps to simplifying. Then sales copy. When I would write sales letters, it would take me two to four weeks to write a sales letter. Started simplifying my process for that, I would give myself a total of two days maximum to ever finish a sales letter. This happened like three years ago. It was one of the most beautiful things that I did. A time limit of I can only give myself two days to finish a sales letter. Now, that could be any two days over the course of the next two weeks, but it's going to be only two days spent. So I can spend one afternoon brainstorming, writing the initial draft, and then I have to spend the next afternoon finishing it, and that's the sales letter that I'm going to launch with. And I'm telling you, like that one constraint right there helped so much, because I was never spending more than two days to write any piece of sales copy. I was never investing more time than that, because it's just, I go into overthinking, I go into over analysis, and it just, it doesn't work out that well. I simplified, okay, what are the graphics? What's the landing page, what's the stuff that we're going to be delivering to people? This is something that I recently did because I realized all the stuff that I felt like I had to do with live events and even evergreen events, I'm just there's way too much stuff. Let's simplify it. Let's just record a session. Let's send it out to people. If it's live, we're going to give them a time when it's live, and then we're going to sell to people in the in the video on the page where they watch the video and in the autoresponder. And we're going to keep that simple, instead of tiptoeing around and trying to make sure that we just say it at the right time and we drop it at the right time. How many y'all are like, Have you thought about that? Like, Okay, I gotta, I gotta say the sales pitch at this perfect time, and I gotta, I gotta make sure that it's just so far down on the page that I don't trigger XYZ and and and again, I apologize because maybe I contributed to you feeling that way, because I was just over analyzing, trying to Teach this information to people when we can simplify things and we just say, okay, you know what? I'm just going to do the work. I'm going to I'm going to mention it. I'm going to mention the sales pitch in my like, what I'm selling in my video training that I deliver for free. I'm going to mention it in my follow up emails. I'm going to mention it maybe three or four follow up emails, in case somebody you know ignores the first three and I'm going to like, I'm writing this email series right now. Like, I'm like, I gotta stop overthinking this. One of the things for writing emails, I gotta put myself in the in the mindset. I can tell you, if I'm like, Okay, this email has to go out right now, I can literally write an email in 10 minutes. And it's amazing. So, but when I have like, two weeks to write emails, it's like writer's block. So I had to put myself in the mindset of, okay, I'm going to give myself I got, I got 15 minutes to get this email written, and that's it, and that's all I've been doing. I literally, okay, I'll write one email because I got 15 minutes here. Okay, now I'm going to go do something else, and then later today, I'm going to write another email. I got 15 minutes and get that done, getting the marketing emails done with a constraint of time by simplifying that process, by simplifying what I'm saying in the email in our members area, we got a lot, like a lot of great courses. We got the seven figure email writing course. I'll show you how to use AI to do that. A lot of the courses are meant to help you simplify a lot of the process. And so I want you to go through over the next couple of weeks and even the next year, thinking about that in your business. How can I simplify every step in my business to make sure that I'm not doing too much, trying to do too much, trying to do more than I need to, in an effort to control the outcome. You know, I can think about when I was dating. I always go back to this, when I like, when I when a guy is dating and you really want to meet an incredible woman. I was over analyzing all the stuff I gotta do to be attractive and and to facilitate that conversation and things like that, with with dating and communication and all of that. And then as soon as I just, like, let go of that, and I just simplify and I just say, You know what? I'm not going to overthink it. I'm just going to be me. I'm just going to show up, take it or leave it, whether they like me or not, I'm just going to be me. And when you have that attitude in your business where we're not overthinking the process, maybe you're watching this right now and your mind is like, Yeah, but I don't even know what to do. Okay, that's why we're here in the Start Here lessons in the members area. That's a great blueprint to follow. We want to write our sales copy. We want to create our landing page. And if you're stuck on like what to do in that process, let me know. I can walk you through some of that. We go through that all the time. We want to create our sales copy, our landing page. We want to promote it out to people,

[718:47] Speaker 0: to grow our email list, to get people to become our clients that way. But if we over, over complicate, too many complicated things, I got this business venture over here. I got this thing over here that I'm doing. I got this little lead magnet over here. I got this over here I'm trying to do all this stuff, we end up losing our ability to show up powerfully, to connect with people and to deepen the connection with people. And I talked about the beginning of this training that the number one most important thing that we gotta do is connect with people and deepen those connections with people. That's it. If we simplify everything that we do in our business, there are people right now, and I want you to think about this, there are people right now that they need what you offer, and they don't even know it yet, and they think that there's nothing that's going to help them, But they're looking for what you can help somebody with your job is to connect with those people, to deepen that connection, to build that trust, so that they understand that when they work with you, that thing that they desire, that need, that they have, that you're able to help them get there. And so everything that we do in our marketing, in our sales and our marketing is all around that if, if we get away from that focus of connecting with somebody, and we get into Okay, am I saying the text right? Is the headline perfect? Is all that right there, or we over complicate it with too much text, with too many offers, with too much information, we lose the connection with those that were meant to help. We lose the connection by over complicating with too much stuff. We're giving too much stuff to people, and then we're overwhelming them by our overwhelm, and then that's preventing the connection from happening. And so I just I want you to look at all the stuff that you got to do to market your business, all the stuff that you got to do with your courses and your coaching and all that. And I want you to say, Okay, are there things I can eliminate? Are there things that I can remove? Are there things that I don't need to do that I could stop doing, that I that I feel like, okay, I have to do this to make this like I believed that I had to have pre training, and I had to have live Q and A and I had to host all my events live in order for them to convert to sales, and that nobody would want to buy a paid event with me. That was a belief that was literally over complicating everything that I was doing in my business. And as soon as I was like, You know what? It's over complicated in my life to have to do all these things, I'm going to look at, what is a business model that has less of this stuff to do. How can I utilize technology to help facilitate some of this a little bit easier? And do the bare minimum? Do the bare minimum of in my marketing so then I can show up with my clients that are paying me, so that I can show up with my family and give the best of me. How do I show up with the best of me? To those that are actually paying me, by simplifying what I'm doing in the marketing, by keeping it simple. How do I show up with my family at that best level, by not over complicating all the stuff that I need to do, by giving myself the grace that it doesn't have to be perfect and it's okay to be consistent, become okay with okay. Is this like I want? I want to I want to say something else. We have this belief that we must ever heard like you must always do the right thing, and it's never okay to not do the right thing, when, again, when it comes to morality, I think that's that's great, and also like when it comes to, you know, what is the right thing to do? Do your best. Do your best. But when it comes to building your business, sometimes the right things that everybody else says to do just over complicate what to do, and then we end up not even doing the right thing because we're trying to do all the stuff that everybody says is the right thing in our business, and then we end up, by definition, actually doing the most wrong thing for building our business, because we over complicated everything, and we're losing that connection with people. And so again, you can get so caught up in like, I always do the right thing. I do the right thing. I make sure I always do the right thing in all things. I do that myself all the time. I'm always wanting to do the right thing, but sometimes it's okay to, like, let something go. Okay? Is the right thing to do XYZ, but maybe because it takes me five times as much time and effort. What if I eliminate that right now so that I can show up in my genius and in the best energy today for the people that I'm looking to reach, that I'm looking to connect with and listen, this might be something that you gotta talk with yourself about and deal with, because we live in a culture right now that literally what I just told you everybody everywhere is telling us that that's that's not a good thing to do. There are people that believe it's wrong to use AI in your business because it means that you don't have skill, because you gotta use a robot to help you do something that is completely insane and not even rooted in reality. But there's a whole, like cult movement of people that are like operating in that they they quote the same verses of their, of their their cult thinking this anti AI in marketing. Cult think it really is, is what it is. There's also some AI cult thinking it's kind of weird, like there's a lot of stuff around that, but I'm like, okay, what can deepen my connection? What can simplify my life? What can simplify my business? What can make it to where I can get more done in less time, to where I can show up consistently to connect with new people and to deepen the connection with those that I'm already connected with, and do do as little as possible. Okay, again, you might need to challenge yourself on this one, because you might pride yourself as somebody that goes above and beyond, does more than necessary in all things again, that's me as well. And when it comes to marketing in our business, we gotta figure out, okay, how can I get the most by leveraging our time? Do get the most by doing as little as possible, the most output with the least amount of input? And that will help you not burn out. That will help you will show up so much better for your clients. You're going to show up so much better for your friends, for your family, whatever situation you've got, and you're going to attract far more people, because people are going to be drawn to that energy, that grace, that essence, that happiness and that joy that you have, because that's exactly what it is. That's what creates joy in your business, is when we get out of the minutia of doing all the stuff, and we eliminate a lot of the time consuming stuff that we feel like we must do in our business. You know, here's a great example of that used to take. I used to work out in, like, in the gym, like two hours, and then it used to take me, like, an hour, like 30 minutes to get to the gym and all that. It was like three, four hours a day just to be fit. This was what my day looked like when I was, like, working out, like six days a week. Was doing that four hours a day dedicated to fitness. Now I have my home gym set up. I work out 30 minutes a day, and that's it. I don't need to drive anywhere. I keep it simple. I figured out, what are systems to simplify things. Is it the perfect workout? Am I getting the perfect squat? Am I getting all of that? To be honest, I'll tell you, No, it's not. There are better things that I could be doing. I know way too much about fitness, and there are things like I could be doing that are more but it's good enough that it's getting me the results. It's get it's getting me better results than I was getting going to the gym for 30 minutes for like, three to four years prior to getting this in my house. So I'm like, Alright, here's the results that I'm getting. I want to look at the results that I'm getting, because that's what matters, the results that you're getting. What is the results that you're getting in your business by doing all this complicated stuff? Well, is it where you want to be? Okay, no, let's try something different. Let's simplify the process. Let's remove the complexity. That's one of the first places that I want to look removing the complexity. And so again, in 2025

[872:41] Speaker 0: you know, I remembered three two years ago. I said my model was okay, I want to be willing to disappoint more people this year. Okay, sounds counterproductive, but it's like, it's a healing thing to say I'm okay with disappointing people, because I don't have to make everybody be pleased and happy with me. Now I'm in a different season. I'm saying, Okay, I've gotten past that. Like I know that I'm not going to please everybody. I'm going to do less stuff. I'm going to get as much done with as little effort as possible as my foundational way of building my business as the foundation, even in my life, like, maybe not like, with my family, because, like, I truly value quality time with my family and and, and I think, like, that's important. Face Time is important in that but like, when I'm cleaning the house or doing stuff like that, like, what? How can I get more done with less time? How can I streamline stuff? How can I take less input? I was telling my wife like she she can clean the house and make it look incredible in 30 minutes. What takes me four hours? She's doing something better than I am at that stage, and yet I feel like I'm working and pouring myself into cleaning the house. I've gotten it down to maybe an hour and a half of what she doesn't in 30 minutes, but it like it used to be, like four hours. And so now I can get it done in an hour and a half each night, I pick up the house, I clean the house, I make it ready for the next day. It's one of the things I do to wind down. I listen to podcasts I or I might have, like, a TV show that I want to get caught up on, or something like that. I'll just have it kind of on in the room. I'll set my iPod pad up, or something like that, and I'll get stuff done that might again. I was telling my wife, that might be why it takes me longer, because I'm watching TV and I listen to a podcast, I can usually shrink it down to maybe, you know, less time, but I'm still not as efficient as she is. She's just a beast at that stuff. And I'm like, this is, this is hard for me. It takes me a lot longer than her. And it's like, why am I so concerned about getting this done faster? Because, okay, the babies might wake up at a certain time. I might want to finish some stuff with work and things like this. So being efficient with my time, I've had to, by default, be more efficient. You might not have the need to be efficient in your life. You might not have the kind of life that I do right now. That's okay, but I can tell you, if you're feeling overwhelmed. You're you're not getting some the results that you're getting in your business aren't where you want to be. There's probably some over complexity somewhere where you're doing more than you need to, and you've amplified complexity in areas that don't have the kind of impact that you're wanting. And so again, that's where I would my first thing to do is I shift out of what has low impact, and I shift that same time into what has high impact. And that's what removing complexity does. Because what it does is it opens up the opportunity to do what has the most amount of impact on your life, what has the most amount of impact on your results. Okay, so again, I'm going to take some questions. Here. I hope that this was helpful for some of you, though, here today, I was just really feeling passionate about sharing this and and I I'm excited again, for those of you, I hope that this was helpful to kind of grab on to here. That's why this year in the in the wealthy coach Academy, that's exactly what we're focusing on. Wealth happens when you simplify things, not complexity. It happens when we can make decisions faster, when we spend less time doing the stuff that needs to get done, because then it allows us to accomplish more with the time that we have, with the time that we've been given. Let's see,

[938:54] Speaker 0: oh, yeah. How do we support Adele? That's great. Chicken Nugget. Jeremiah, yes, reading the I'm reading the chat here now.

[943:34] Speaker 0: Daniel says I've heard you and other mentors talk about becoming more experimentative. So that's, that's another thing is like, that's a flip side to what I was talking about here. I'll tell you, I can get too addictive to becoming experimentative, to where it's like, okay, I'm spending a lot of time trying to find the best result with the experiment. And so what? And like this new season in my life, I'm like, okay, maybe I don't experiment as much on stuff that might not move the needle forward, and I just focus on consistency. I focus on showing up more consistently. I focus on getting more done with less time and effort. Tiffany said, I think you just uncovered a block that you had put words to it. Doing the right thing isn't always the best. Yeah, that's a hard because it's like, it's like, there's, I feel like there's better language for that, because it's like, our society is so much about, like, you gotta do the right thing, right like, everything we hear everywhere, it's all about doing the right thing. Like, we, like, I would bet everybody who's in here, like, is like, I make sure I do the right thing all the time, you know. And yet it's like, sometimes the right thing, and this is, again, the right thing is such a broad like, you want to over complicate. This is how my brain over complicates things. You're getting a sense of it. You can define the right thing in so many different things in different areas of life, like the right thing with my wife is different than the right thing in a video game. The right thing in building my business is different than the right thing with driving a car. You know what I mean. And so it's like, okay, the right thing with driving a car, put your phone down. Don't text and drive like, do that all the time, please. But it's like, the right thing. In my business, there's so much that, like, there's so many voices and gurus and things that say what the right thing is. And so sometimes it's like, let's keep it simple. Let's go with the least amount of stuff to do. Focus on that, and that's going to be better for you. Uh, Daniel says, Is there aspects that we should prioritize high effort in, while keeping the other areas minimalist? Okay, help me. I want to, yeah, this is great, Daniel, how you doing? Man,

[979:55] Daniel Sher: you know I'm doing well, man, I'm I just realized I think it's been like six or seven months since I've been on a call. But I'm not, not beating myself up for that. I'm just lot of life has happened, just getting over some sinus stuff. And I think something's been going around, obviously, but I've been, I've been, well, honestly, I think that

[985:05] Speaker 0: we should prioritize high effort and keeping the other areas. So what do you mean by that?

[986:43] Daniel Sher: Yeah, so you were talking about how just, like, paring down your activities, right? And I think I'm really seeing what you're saying as far as the simplicity and doing less. So, you know, do we you're talking about being, like, minimalistic and trying to do as, you know, as little as possible with stuff. And I think that, I think that principle is, would be good just with everything, because you don't want to, you don't want to do it's like, Okay, how much is enough? And good enough? And then how, you know, am I wasting effort to try to get it to, like, perfect, right?

[995:45] Speaker 0: That I think, I think even like, the overthinking of what that means is something that we want to like, it's okay to, like, feel like it's okay, like, if I'm not doing everything, okay if I give it my best. Give me an example of what you mean by this.

[1001:59] Daniel Sher: Yeah. So you know, I've heard, like, just going through your courses talking about how you know, you want to put, you know, the the predominant amount of your focus on, like sales and marketing, right? And not, not really worry as much about like the logo and the branding and all of the other the other stuff, if you're looking to see like maximum, you know, like maximum profit in your your business and in your system, especially in the beginning, like, when you're just trying to get momentum. I'm still, like, trying to build momentum in my life. You know, do you just, do you think I'm just going to try to do like, kind of the minimum amount possible? Or do you is there certain areas where, like, I'm going to just pedal to the metal in this area and then bare minimum, in other areas? Does that make sense?

[1015:55] Speaker 0: A little bit. It does. I think that again, when it comes to sales and marketing, it's like, when I say you're gonna spend the most amount of time in sales and marketing, it's because your mortgage because you're more going to like, Okay, I launched an offer. Now I'm going to come up with an idea for another offer. Rather than trying to make the one offer be perfect. It's like, I would rather like, get three or four out and improve them by spending like, a fraction of the amount of time on each one. Okay?

[1023:59] Daniel Sher: So it's

[1024:15] Speaker 0: like, okay, I can spend a lot of effort on the sales and marketing of my sales copy for this one offer, but that's not going to produce as much results as like, Okay, I'm going to get this done in, like I said, I got two days. I can get this done in, get it out there. Gonna see the results that it produces. Then once I see that, I'm gonna see what my next play is, see what my next move is, and get that offer out. And that's where, like, when it's like, the majority of your time is spent on the sales and marketing is really more about like, the big picture, rather than like, one specific aspect of the sales and marketing. And we can really get caught up in whatever aspect of the sales and marketing that we feel the least confidence in, we can find that we spend the most amount of time wasted in, so like again, or the most amount of procrastination, or the most because, by the way, I actually consider it's funny. I never realized this. I and that's why I love having you on here, Daniel, because it helps me define things better. I consider procrastination as time spent. Okay, so, so what I'll do is like, if I'm procrastinating on a project that needs to get done by a certain time, well, I consider that still like the deadline, I'm not going to move I have now spent the time procrastinating rather than getting three or four things done that now you gotta eliminate and then I gotta figure out, okay, what am I? Why am I procrastinating on this? What's the underlying issue with that? And it's usually, again, something that we might feel less confident in, but the more we do it, the more we get more confident in those things. So it's just, it's about like getting more into where you're you're moving with your instincts. That's why AI is so helpful. Because we don't need to overthink and over analyze a lot of the sales and marketing, like material, and we can use that to help us create ideas. But then when it comes to like, getting something up and getting something out there, we that's where we want to put. Like, most of what our effort is is marketing, growing our email list and connecting with people. Or our effort should go in is making connections with new people and deepening the connections with those that we've already connected with. So like one thing that I've looked at is in my business, something that I was doing for a while that was deepening connection with people that I have not done in almost a year. Because, again, a long story, something happened and I decided not to do it was like just a little bit of like, reaching out to people that I see, that they're interacting with my content and engaging with them a little more privately to like, I know, like Brett, I know Brett is here today because I did that with Brett. You're here today, Daniel, because I did that with you as well. You know I'm saying so it's like, I know Tiffany is like, I know a lot of y'all that are here. So in my business, I'm like, okay, because I I'm I preach a lot about boundaries, but I could go too far into boundaries where I'm like, Okay, this is actually very profitable for my business to make just a loosen up, a little boundary, just a little bit right here, and do a little bit more of that personal touch aspect in my sales and marketing that has it's a leveraged activity that then produces far greater results that I did a lot of in the beginning when I, like, launched this business, and I've not done as much of in the last two years, and so that's okay, not going to beat myself up on that, but I'm like, Okay, I'm going to shift that, I'm going to adjust that. I'm going to put a little more effort over here as much as possible. Now I'll tell you this. I I did that with somebody, and they got super offended and upset at me that I didn't respond in 24 hours to what they sent me. And again, I'm like, Okay, I'm not going to take that personally. That's where they're at. They have an expectation that because I connected that way, now they get immediate, unlimited access to me 24/7 but that's not reality. And so I just kind of helped the person realize that, hey, like, maybe working with me is not a good fit for you, because, you know, because, like, instead of me trying to, like, change that person's behavior, I just kind of help veer them off into a different direction. And that's where my boundary came in, right there, see? So it's like, it's stuff like that. I think can be helpful to, like, know, okay, what do I prioritize? Whatnot. And by the way, some of it comes from again, when, when I can get into like, a happy, joyful, excited state of mind, I'm able to hear my intuition. I'm able to hear Holy Spirit when I'm praying. Because I get to the place where I can I can't hear Holy Spirit, I'm like, Oh my gosh, this is crazy. I'm not liking this. What's going on well, because I'm in too much fear and too much worry and too much doubt and too much insecurity, and I'm not I'm like, I'm focused on all the wrong stuff, right? And then as soon as I, like, start focusing on the right stuff, like, I hear that still, small voice in my heart directing me and guiding me in different places. Because I'm like, like, as soon as I start hearing that inside of me and it's guiding me and it's directing me, I'm like, Okay, I'm on the right track. Now I know what I'm doing, yeah, you know. And that's what I'm looking for, because that's going to help guide me under what are those efforts, too? Is kind of what like, what really feels good lights me up as exciting and as happy and and then there's just an ebb and flow, like it's okay to make mistakes, it's okay to be a little messy. It's okay. All right, yeah,

[1119:21] Daniel Sher: thank you. Yeah. Good insight. Thank you.

[1120:40] Speaker 0: Released from Yes, very helpful. Thank you. Big takeaway was to set a deadline to complete a task. Okay, yeah, Shonda, that's a good one, setting a deadline to complete a task. Very helpful. Um, and you can move the deadline, of course, but I think, like, giving yourself a deadline to get certain tasks done is going to be what, like helps you get the stuff done. And maybe, you know, Brett says that's a challenge for her, maybe figuring out, like, why that's a challenge for us. Why is setting a deadline a challenge? What do we not want to constrain ourselves because of XYZ? That might be where some of this you can find some of this, alright? Sue says, I have a question. Try to tell my Tiktok audience where to find me after next week's potential block of the platform. I'm pushing them to landing pages and podcasts. But wondering if you have any suggestions on a new potential replacement of short term video play? Well, I know Instagram reels is going to be the simplest one. If as long as they have like the same title, will be good. Um, I, you know, I hope that it doesn't get banned, but it might. But, yeah, Sue. Help me understand a little more context on this.

[1144:32] Sue McGarvie: Well, I don't know about you, but I, like, I have 75,000 people on Tiktok, and the reading that I'm doing is that it's likely to be banned. And, you know, at least everything that I've read and, you know, and everybody's writing me on Tiktok, going, where can I find you next? What's the next big thing? Do you know where you're going to be? And I'm like, Ah, let me, let me ask my tech guy. And Jeremiah, you're my tech guy about, you know, in terms of of cutting edge, I didn't know if you had heard anything or, like, you know, just in terms of where you thought the market was going, because I think you're pretty plugged in. And I'm on Instagram, and I've bumped up the I'm now posting three times a day, and I'm going to do some Instagram ads. And yes, I get it. I just wondered if you had thoughts on that, or if you were pivoting in any way to new social media platforms? I've not

[1159:02] Speaker 0: done much on Tiktok, is the thing I'm on there, but I'm I it's just automate. It's all my same stuff from Instagram reels. Okay, I'm still really heavily on Instagram and Facebook, and I find that Instagram ads has gotten a lot better recently than anything else. Doing everything on Instagram, like really focusing on Instagram is a good, strong thing.

[1167:42] Sue McGarvie: Just okay, I No worries. It's just I didn't know if you know that that's been your only focus. Because if there is other things I did, you know for growing

[1170:06] Speaker 0: my business, it's been mostly Instagram and Facebook. I think again, like you're on Tiktok X, definitely could have something for you there, but Instagram for sure.

[1173:20] Sue McGarvie: Okay, I will spend most of my energy on Instagram and see what happens. I find Instagram like every second post is an ad. I unlike Facebook. You know, Facebook is about every fifth post, yeah, but Instagram it literally every second post I get. I get really annoyed with it. It's not something I'll watch. I will actually watch Tiktok before I watch face for Instagram. I'm just really sick of the advertising, and I think that's the problem. I think Tiktok ads are, you know, they're there. It's just not as intrusive. And I've been, I've been hearing about this Twitter, and I just thought maybe you had some thoughts, and I know you're not on Tiktok very much, but the new short form platforms, you're up on, what's going on with AI, and I didn't know if there's a thought, you know that may happen. And, yeah, I'm on YouTube, and we'll see. I'll let you know I just YouTube

[1187:50] Speaker 0: has some short form as well, but Instagram is going to be mostly that. I mean Instagram, the the ads are how they support the platform,

[1191:34] Bret Wade: but yeah, no,

[1191:54] Sue McGarvie: no, well, yes, but yeah, I appreciate that. I just, I just had hoped. You know, somebody had asked me, and you know is, are you going to be doing anything different than everybody else? And I didn't have any ideas, and I just wondered if you did, and that's fine if you don't.

[1196:00] Speaker 0: I think most again, if Tiktok is banned, I

[1197:05] Sue McGarvie: think it will become those

[1197:21] Speaker 0: people are gonna move most of that time to Instagram or X, okay,

[1199:04] Sue McGarvie: because, and it's kind

[1199:21] Speaker 0: of like, I think it's gonna be split between the two, because, weirdly enough, X their video and that, and the ads are not as intrusive once you start getting the algorithm going, Yeah,

[1202:05] Sue McGarvie: as opposed to threads, it's

[1202:44] Speaker 0: a lot better than threads, I think, yeah,

[1203:36] Sue McGarvie: because there's that, there's that blue sky that everybody's going to who don't like it on musk, yeah, Yeah.

[1205:05] Speaker 0: I think, I think just the algorithm on X for pushing content to the people that's relevant to you, okay, is doing better than some of those other ones. And when you get your algorithm kind of trained with content that you want to see, you'll notice it's almost like it's, it's, it's very similar to the Tick Tock experience. but it's like because it'll, it'll show you more of what you want to see, and more of what you're engaging with. Um, it's, it's, and like you. If you don't want to see Elon at all, you just block him on there. Okay, yeah,

[1216:33] Sue McGarvie: I'm not, I'm not a fan. I am not a fan. Yeah, whereas

[1217:36] Speaker 0: I, like, I get notifications when he comments because I follow, like, all the stuff that he's posting. But it's like, the platform itself is the algorithm has been really optimized really well to where it it has a lot of potential. And I've heard this that, remember I mentioned again that guy, Jason Fox, you he uses x a lot, and a lot of his clients do because, again, they can't stand Instagram for almost the same reason, and it's able to pull in a lot of people like, through either Facebook or x is where he pulls a lot of people in to his email list. And so Facebook has gotten a little bit better over the last three to six months than it was. So if you haven't been on Facebook, like, like, in a while, very much, other than when you're in this group, check that out. But I think, like for the content that you're doing, I think there's definitely a place on X for that where there's a lot of potential, and then Instagram. So I think again, Instagram and x are going to be probably the two.

[1236:33] Sue McGarvie: Okay, I'll give it a try. I'll see what happens. I gotta try

[1237:29] Speaker 0: blue sky. You could try threads, see how that works for you. Um, but it's, it's like, it's interesting, because x actually has a lot of video content, and so it's like, it's actually morphed into more of a hybrid of Instagram, Facebook and, like, what threads is and what Twitter used to be, and like, a little bit of tiktoks, like really aware algorithm of like, what content you want. It's a lot more personalized than it ever used to so it's like, that's why I just, I say that is because it's like, it's it took for you to have relevant content and for it to push your content to people. I think there's a lot of potential there.

[1249:19] Sue McGarvie: Okay, thank you so much. Really appreciate that. Jeremiah, definitely

[1250:38] Speaker 0: YouTube shorts as well. Yes, let's see. Zuckerberg just announced that the other taking out fact checkers, yes, or they're dialing a lot of the AI driven moderation. Yeah, exactly so. But, I mean, that's interesting. Again, that's a little bit more political. The fact checking thing I'm more look at, like, Okay, what is the relevant content that I'm into, that I'm interested in, that I want to see because I pay attention to, like, if an app can keep my attention for any length of time, and if you're on an iPhone, you can see in screen time, like, the one that you spend, the ones that you spend the most amount of time on. That's an interesting thing with these phones. There's a lot of like, research into your own behavior that you can look at is in the screen time app. Like, what keeps your attention when it comes to apps? Okay? So in the last week, I have watched Netflix more than anything else. I've actually watched a lot more video Netflix and Paramount. And then, let's see I was on x a lot the week prior to that.

[1271:37] Bret Wade: And then

[1272:18] Speaker 0: see the week prior to that, I was on YouTube a lot. And then. So it is interesting, like, my own behavior, I'm on YouTube and x a lot. I've created a lot of great YouTube content. Now I'm not using x for my content as much, but like, I really feel like this year, maybe doing some experimentation in that as well. So which, which might be fun. Um, alright, let's see anyone else have any other questions in here about your business, about your offers, about launching, about taking action, taking names and getting stuff done,

[1287:11] Speaker 0: right? You have 32 YouTube subscribers. That's awesome. Tiffany, that's great. So, yeah, video content is definitely where you're going to get a lot of connection with people as well. I'm just thinking about, I'm literally, like, ruminating a little bit on Daniel's original question. But like, where do you put your effort? So again, making video content. I find that that's where I want to put a lot of my effort. If I look at, like, my week, it's making video content, coming up with ideas for my next lead magnet offer, writing emails to my email list and then creating content for my coaching group. In that order, pretty much that's where I put most of my like, hours of effort. Are that okay? Daniel, what's up? I

[1301:43] Daniel Sher: uh, yeah. So I guess I'm starting to, like, realize more where that question was coming from. I think, I think I'm trying to figure out what my own priorities are right now. So I've spent a lot of time in the last, like, the last months, actually, just going back and forth with chat GPT, listening to a lot of different videos. I think the main thing I'm just trying to figure out is, like, what, what am I going to bring to the table, value wise, to people? And, you know, maybe, maybe I'm like, I just need to go through a few more courses in your library and just kind of get that figure that out in my own time. But I think that the thing I'm struggling with the most is the imposter syndrome. I think that's the big bottleneck for me, yeah, and so, but I can tell you, I think, I think the point of clarity I'm starting to get to, as far as where I just need to move past and go into the, you know, starting to, you know, get my copy put together. I've actually, I've actually tried putting together my copy. I've used chat GPT to try to refine, like, I'm, like, I'm, I'm literally talking to it, to it like a person, like, you encourage, you know, and like, Okay, help me figure out what I bring to the table, you know, like by talking to me, asking me questions that I can answer. Yeah, and really, a lot of it has come down to, like, you know, worship leadership. And I think what I care about, obviously, has a lot to do with it. And I, you know, I think one of the things, emotional intelligence, is really important to me, emotional awareness, although I, you know, I'm still growing in that every day. I think that's something that could benefit every musician, every worship, you know, team member. And I'm and I I'm like, Okay, why don't I just move forward with that, you know? And so because I'm like, you have all these bigger names out there that are going for it, but I I'm like, Okay, do I just take that and just run with it, you know. Or am I, you know, do I need more skill development before I launch this thing, before I, like, start putting it together and putting it out?

[1335:19] Speaker 0: There definitely not a lot of that. Okay, can be like, feeling like you're not ready yet and all that to launch? So I felt that way in my business, and I can look back like after whenever I've done something, I always look back to like I could have done this way sooner, but I myself, and the reasons I doubt myself are never, like, a good enough reason to doubt myself for not doing something, and it's always, usually Some area where I'm trying to, like, protect myself from something. And so we gotta look at, okay, what I would say that question usually, okay, what am I trying to protect myself from? Happening if I launch too early? Yeah, I don't know. So and the self protectiveness, again, we learn that behavior. It's not, it's not good question. It doesn't help our goal. You know what I mean? So it's like, and there's like a there's like a there's like a form of, like, self protectiveness. It's like that could be positive, some could be like negative, like, I'm going to protect my time, I'm going to protect my family, but like, when I'm self protective of what somebody thinks about me by not launching an offer, because I might not be ready yet. Okay, that might not actually be from a healthy place. It might not be not maybe it's not necessarily, it's unhealthy, but it's definitely not. What's going to help me, help me reach my goals. And so then figuring out, okay, where, how can I build that confidence? A lot of that confidence is going to come by doing the action that I've been avoiding. The confidence is actually going to come by putting myself out there more often, like being willing to not always do it right. Be willing to okay, I launch this, I do my best, and I'm going to improve as I go along. That's going to get better over time.

[1370:03] Daniel Sher: Yeah, yeah, that's, that's,

[1370:39] Speaker 0: that's a that's a great place to get to. And again, I'm not somebody that's perfect at that at all, but I can tell you that anytime that I've gotten the results I want in my life and business, that's, that's where it's come from. Like when I was, you know, when I was dating and trying to find my wife, it was like that even like, Okay, gotta put myself out there. And I remember, like I went on, like, 3030, dates. I use the app Tinder, and I went on 30 dates in one month. Like, because I was like, You know what? These are all going to be like, and like, 80% of them were just terrible, like, I had no business, like, horrible time. But like, the other 20% was like, okay, like, that was fun. Like, I learned like, about myself. I learned about like, what I what I want. And then I met my wife, like, a month after that, because I finally just took action. And it's kind of like, did my own, like, blitz dating, of like, just okay, as many people that I can find that want to go out to dinner with me. I spent a lot of money that time too, but, and then I realized, like, okay, maybe we don't have to go to dinner. Maybe we could just go get ice cream. You know, I think, like, the first date I went to, like, a, like, a $500 Brazilian steakhouse. And, like, this isn't sustainable. That was, yeah, I don't need to, like, impress with, like, spending a lot of money either. I remember with Abigail, we went to Bucha, which I found out later, she doesn't like barbecue, and then we went and saw a movie. So that went well, but that was, like, that was almost 11 years ago.

[1400:29] Daniel Sher: Yeah, wow, wow.

[1401:10] Speaker 0: But yeah, so it's like, it's just taking action, even when we're we feel like we're not ready yet, like you're not ever going to perfectly be ready anyways. What makes you ready is the choice that, okay, doing it. I'm going to take action. I'm going to do it. Let's do it. What's the worst that can happen? And it's like, okay, I remember I remember I watched a great video from like, it was this motivational speaker, but it stuck in my head. She says that she's like, okay, when I procrastinate, or when I'm I'm like, Am I ready yet? I always say, Who cares do it anyways. You know, who cares do it anyways? And I just think that, like, that's a great position to be in is, like, who cares? Just do it anyways. It comes to our business, when it comes to our offers, when it comes to launching our our programs, because the overthinking it and trying to make sure it's all perfect, that's always going to end up biting us in the end, and we end up stuck in the same place we always are right now. And by the way, this can apply, like what I just shared right now to every part of your whole life, and you'll see tremendous results from that. So

[1423:01] Sue McGarvie: all right,

[1423:52] Speaker 0: awesome. Talking about some great stuff here today. I'm excited because, like, what we're, what we've been talking about, even, like, the last couple of weeks, is so aligned with where. And I think it's because, like, I made a decision as far as where I wanted to, like, take our program in my business, and then that's shifted. I've noticed a direct shift in a lot of the content and questions that's been in our sessions, which is so cool.

[1430:59] Tiffany Quinones: So

[1431:44] Speaker 0: Alright, any other questions anybody before we wrap up here, see if anybody in the Facebook group. So again, remember, in the Facebook group, you can always post questions or sales copy or anything throughout the week, in there to get help with. Hey, Tiffany, what's up? Hey, hey,

[1439:06] Tiffany Quinones: I was preparing my lunch, my food to take to work, and I made steak. I haven't made it perfectly, but it remind it just was like an object lesson. Make the steak even if it always doesn't come out the way that that you planned. I don't really have a cool Well, I actually wanted to celebrate some stuff. I got that crazy idea last Sunday, and I've been for my market research. You gave me a helpful tip, and you mentioned that I'm in the market research phase right now in my business to see what's working, yeah, what people are attract magnetized to, and whatever I'm doing people are magnetized to, and I'm finally figuring out that, oh, this is what people have been magnetized to this whole time. I just hid and ran from all that because of circumstances, but I'm back. And so it's working. It feels like I've been at it for a month, but it's only been a week, so but I like it. I'm also getting lots of feedback from my personal peers as well, and so it's good. I also got my next like offer idea, but I'm not sure how long like I want to continue doing what I'm doing, because it's working, um, but I wasn't sure when to like, because I already have, like my membership, slash group thing offer already. I'm still creating that, but I wanted to get people hold on where's my brain. Wanted to get people's attention on that as well. So when do I start talking about that, as I'm still doing my market research?

[1473:25] Speaker 0: When you start talking about what?

[1473:53] Tiffany Quinones: When do I start talking about, like, my membership?

[1475:18] Speaker 0: Well, so you want to always be talking about your membership to people that are engaging with you, like as you're connecting with people. I might even throw it out there with people in conversation, you know, like, I'd love to see you in my accelerator program. I'd love to have you in there. You could throw it out there in any of your content that you're making. You definitely want to talk about it in video content. If you're making video content, it's always want to put some blurb in there about it. And then you could say, like, instead of like, a sales pitch. Say, listen, if you want to know more about it, just, you know, leave a comment membership below, and I'll send you a message. And you need to use many chat for that. You can just leave the comment membership and you can just message them the next day or later that week. Oh,

[1487:22] Tiffany Quinones: okay. And

[1487:45] Speaker 0: so that creates that connection that helps people kind of understand, okay, you got this thing going on, you got this that you're doing that builds that connection. Oh,

[1490:06] Tiffany Quinones: okay, I like what you said today. Thank you so much. Very, very helpful, because I was over complicating. I had like, a AHA over the weekend about perfection and how that tied into my life. And it's like, oh, oh, oh, this is why I've been doing things a certain way, and so very, very helpful. But I like the simplified messaging, because it's like, man, I've had all this, you know, as I've mentioned, complicated stuff, and it's like, why I don't want complicated? And so I run from people who, like, even promote complicated. I'm like, I'm out,

[1500:59] Speaker 0: yeah, well, and that's something that I found because, like, again, inherently, business can be complicated. You know, some of what I teach is complicated, but like, How can I simplify things as much as possible? And how can I make the connection I'm making with people be as simple as possible? Yeah, is important. And so, yeah, that's that's important to do. I find that I have been too complicated for too long, and it just doesn't, it doesn't help us get what we want, right? You know, like there, like, there comes a time where I'm like, Okay, I'm not getting what I want. What do I need to change? That's a different that's way different than Okay, complaining and being upset that we're not getting what we want. Because if I'm not getting a result that I want, I can be objective, and I can say, Okay, this needs to shift. This needs to adjust and tweak that. Yeah, and so like that's fine, is to just pay attention to what we want that's different with what we You're welcome, Tammy, with what we think is not going how we want it to. Because, you know, we do have some influence over that, and we can adjust things and tweak things and things like that. But, like, we can get so caught up in being frustrated with what's not knowing how we want that that's what we focus on. And instead, it's like, let's get objective. If we have the power to change it, to do something different, to control it. Let's, let's do it, if not just kind of, like, let it go, yeah, and, but as well, like, if you're feeling like inside, like, a, like, a, like, huh, maybe I should post this. Maybe I should say this right here. Maybe I should do that. Like, I would do it. I wouldn't worry. Like, oh, is it the right time to do it? Is it the least say, like, just do it. Like, you know, just go with what you feel is the best thing to do in that moment, and that's going to work out so much better for you.

[1539:03] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah, I've been recording YouTube shorts on my way to work, because I live three blocks from my job, so I walk to work, and so I'll get an idea, and I'm like, that's what I'm gonna talk about. And I love that they have the three minute option, or the like 15 second one. So and I it's working. People are I've gotten over like 500 views on some of them. So I was like, Yes, so, so I'm excited. Things are working. I'm doing it. I'm not overthinking a lot anymore. So, yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah. Well, thank you so much, awesome.

[1550:29] Speaker 0: Yeah, you're welcome. I am. I'm happy to hear that from you. I'm happy to hear just what everybody's been having happen for them. So let's see we got Adele Brett, Michelle Shonda, anybody got any other either like, things you're excited to share that's been going on, anything you want to ask, anything you want to talk about before we wrap up here today.

[1559:34] Speaker 0: Hey, Bret,

[1559:52] Bret Wade: hey, I could add just one thing several I don't know. I guess it's probably been about a month ago you had, when I had talked, you spoke to me about focusing on the positive aspects of what I want to do rather than the negative. Yeah, you know, I want to write a book, but I don't want to do this. And that was the kind of a tipping point. It was reiterated about three or four times in other places from other people, and so the message was driven home, and I just kind of been, you know, meditating on that for a while and adding it to my affirmations that I make until I it's a conscious practice, and so it's really, it's helped turn around a lot of the perfectionism and procrastination in a lot of areas. And I just carried a lot of stress because I wasn't making the momentum I wanted, but I didn't know, okay, how do I get traction? And so a lot of things in in regard to simplifying, was unloading the negative thoughts. And so that made a big difference. I just wanted to say thank you for that. Yeah,

[1583:02] Speaker 0: you bet that's awesome. And, you know, I think that that's a big one. Is like focusing on, what are we wanting to create? What is the amazing outcome that we want to happen for us? What are things that we would like to go well for us and less of like, oh, I don't want this to happen. I don't want to experience this. I don't want this bad thing to happen. I think that's really

[1590:33] Bret Wade: important. I think part of it for me was, you know, deconstructing a lot of the religious mindsets and things like that. So yeah, part of that deconstruction is identifying what's negative and but then you can get stuck there. And I think I was just very unconsciously stuck there in a lot of ways, yeah, and so, you know, you happens

[1597:09] Speaker 0: a lot, like, when we start noticing, like, triggers and trauma and stuff like that, we start, like, living in all the darkness, and it's like, no, let's go. Let's let's focus. We're trying to get out of that, to get to like, the life we're wanting to create. We have a lot more agency and control over than we give ourselves credit for, usually. And really

[1602:56] Bret Wade: coming out of it is just is checking off one more box of okay, I can let that go. And so I've made that shift and and it's really my chiropractor is is very thankful, because now I'm easier to adjust. I'm not carrying so much more stress.

[1607:59] Speaker 0: That's awesome. The it's funny, is overcoming the hindrance of fear is huge. Yeah, I'm thinking back to remember I kept talking about like, because I'm like, I want to figure out, okay, how do I get the house, clean up, stuff done faster? It's just, it's like buying time for myself, if I can do that. And it all boils down to like, I don't want to I'm focusing on what I want to avoid happening. And that's, that's the issue. When I'm focusing on just like, What do I what do I want? I go a lot faster with that. Instead of trying to, like, do everything perfect. It's a

[1619:35] Bret Wade: fear blockage. Well, because,

[1619:59] Speaker 0: yeah, because my, my wife's very like, particular with how she likes things put away, and then the kids are asleep, and like, they can hear things in the living room, but like, we're gonna get something for the door so that, like, the sound doesn't go into the door from the kitchen in the in the night. So, like, that's something that I have in my control, that I can do, that we've talked about, that can help with, like, the sound barrier issue. And then, like, my wife always tells me, like, you need to just, like, stop being afraid of me making a comment about how you do something differently than me, you know? And I'm like, yeah, like, I don't know why I'm afraid of that, but it's just, it's like, because I just, I want her to, like, be really happy with how I did everything, but like, nine times out of 10 I probably did something wrong, and she'll point it out, but, like, she doesn't love but like I myself am, like, trying to always do it perfect, and then that makes me walk in eggshells, and then it's just not and then we just start bickering at that when, like, we shouldn't even Be bickering, see, I'm saying so

[1636:38] Bret Wade: definitely is,

[1637:02] Speaker 0: like, over the last even like six months is is like, is that? And again, a lot of it just has to do with how I'm looking at things my perspective, right? Not worry and fear. I'm trying to control things that are outside of my control, so much so that I'm then walking on eggshells and taking forever and getting so anxious

[1643:50] Bret Wade: and that and control is an illusion. Yeah, yeah.

[1645:35] Speaker 0: All right, Daniel, I saw you had your hand raised as well.

[1647:46] Daniel Sher: Yeah. I just wanted to share just kind of a quick, just like, some positives, you know. And just this is the stage that I've been in. But the last seven months, actually, I've, I've developed a lot of financial stability in my life, and, you know, just doing the w2 grind, you know, and just doing that. So I actually went back to a previous workplace, big, large furniture retailer. Started working as a front office cashier there all of the what led up to that was leaving my last church of, like, eight years, and that was a whole ordeal, yeah, part of what allowed me, I don't think I would be where I where I am now, financial, like, financially, if I had not made that move, and God just made it all happen. Yeah, but I, you know, I've been kind of following you and for like, probably the last four or five years, I think now and I it's taken all of this time for me to, like, get to this point of a lot of deprogramming myself from a lot of just can the conditioning that happens ever since, like, we're even born, we're born into this world of conditioning. And, you know, I'm like, in this job, and I'm like, on one hand, I'm grateful for having the financial stability, if I can call it that. It's better than not making any money at all, let me tell you. But I got promoted to a lead position, so I'm learning things in that, you know, and so I am grateful for that, but I'm still, you know, I thought that if I went into a job like this, you know, that if I stayed in a job, I would, I would not. I'd put my dreams on the shelf, my dreams of having greater financial prosperity. But I'm like, you know, there's, I'm encouraged because they're still there. And I'm like, you know, I'm gonna figure out how to, you know, how to do this job, but also, like, I'm gonna figure out how to use my spare time to be able to build the thing that I ultimately want to spend more of my time doing. Yeah, I just got Mondays off now. So I'm like, now I'm able to, like, be here for these calls. Schedules been horrendous, like the last seven months, but now it's gotten better, so now I can be more available for this. So I just want to start aligning

[1682:48] Speaker 0: in a way that's going to help you reach those goals better.

[1683:58] Daniel Sher: Yeah, 100% so I think, yeah, that's, you know, you had a lot of times I've heard you talk about fruit like just divorcing yourself. You're not necessarily using that terminology, but divorcing yourself from appeasing others and and you know that this fear of disappointing people, that having that say again, even just a little bit what was, was what allowed me to speak, what I had, what I felt I had to speak to the executive church leadership at my last church, which ultimately, you know, I believe I was truly respectful, they just couldn't receive what I said, and so they put me on administrative leave until I could get a better attitude of their leadership. But ultimately that led to me making the transition out of that space because I was, I was a part time worship leader, but I just couldn't, I couldn't get where I needed to be financially, staying in that spot and otherwise. And so moving past this, you know, oh, I'm afraid that the pastor or this person is going to be disappointed in me. Allowed me to move out of that, and I'm like, that's going to allow me to keep on, you know, taking the next steps and leveling up is just being, just being more and more free from, like, the fear of disappointing people. And so I want to thank you for for playing a huge role in imparting that, yeah, into my life. So thank

[1708:04] Speaker 0: you. This just popped in my head too. Like the fear of disappointing people number one, oftentimes when we fear that we also don't like when people disappoint us, it's one thing, okay, true. So that both of those have a root of pride in them, the fear of disappointment and others disappointing us has a lot of pride attached to it. So and again, we're going to be disappointed by people like I found I'm more willing to feel disappointed when people let me down now when I'm not afraid of, of, instead of, like, getting angry, I actually don't get angry when I feel disappointed. I'm just like, okay, like, that's how they are. So I just gotta, you know, accept that and then say, okay, what can I do differently? What do I need to shift? What do you need to adjust? And that can be hugely helpful as well. Yeah, we're just dropping knowledge here. It's awesome. So all right, let's see anyone else before we wrap up. Here. Keep saying we're going to wrap up, and then more questions start coming, but it's good. I love the content of what we're talking about. So this is so a lot of stuff I've been wanting to teach and share with the group that I've not necessarily touched on as much, but it's kind of veered this way, and it's really good. So

[1734:46] Speaker 0: alrighty, y'all gonna wrap up here, and next week we have our offer Launchpad event on Thursday and Friday, and then we have on Monday next week as well. We have our Q and A so next week is is packed full of that. We just started last week. We started the seven figure webinars course. So that's also in there. It's all about, like, what do you make for content for webinars? So about, what do you say in that? So we're doing a new, improved and upgraded What do you say in your webinars? Course, we just finished our sales letters and landing pages. Course two, that is in the Start Here section of the courses. You can go check that out. Adele, what's up? When

[1749:58] Adele Best: will be the second lesson of that webinar is, it will be out this week? Yes, what day? What come out? Wednesday,

[1752:07] Speaker 0: usually Wednesday. Okay, Wednesday afternoon.

[1754:00] Adele Best: I'm only asking because obviously I'm preparing my my first one at the end of the month, so I'll be really

[1755:31] Speaker 0: excited to

[1756:07] Adele Best: run it past that improved training, or later, revised training. Yeah, yeah,

[1757:12] Speaker 0: it's, it's updated. Did you watch the first lesson of it?

[1758:34] Adele Best: No, I don't think check that out. Yeah, I'm gonna go and watch that one. Yeah.

[1759:54] Speaker 0: are great. So, all right, already. Thanks. Awesome, thanks, everybody, you next week. Have a good one.

