WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-12-15T18:53:58.000Z
Duration: 103 min
Otter ID: ODPZr0CS8qhYpmPqA7oAtEO2uQQ
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I listen, for those of you that are logging in, you're watching the recordings of this, welcome. Would love to have you on the live calls. The live calls are tremendous. I know I see a lot of you are watching the recordings, but having you on the live call is going to be just tremendous, because we get to really go back and forth and dive deep into where you're at and your business and and help you go through all the different stuff that is going to help get the results that you're wanting in your business, just different strategies and things like that, and and those strategies sometimes they they are not what you expect. The back and forth of how we can interact together when we're on a group call like this is amazing. And so again, if you're watching the the recording of this, just know that being on the live call is a huge value. I can see the statistics. I can see a lot of people watch the recording, but you get a lot of value out of being on live. Alright, we're going to go live in the Facebook group here. Invite what's up? Shonda, how are you? I'm good. I'm good. Jeremiah, how are you see? Join us on the Zoom call live, live training. Are you able to hear me? Yes, I can hear you. Okay, yeah, I switched, I switched microphones, and I didn't know that switched or not, live training, plus Q and A, all right. Well, today is our live training day. So I'm going to go live here in the Facebook group. We're going to talk about this. Welcome everybody who is again watching the recording here in the Facebook group. If you're watching this as a recording or you're logging in live, welcome on in again, as I mentioned, joining the calls live has a tremendous value. Make sure you set aside time to do that, to get your questions answered, to log in and to work with us here, inside of our program, we've had a great week. Had so many people jump in, as far as grabbing our Instagram ads class, and what I'm loving is, yeah, it's about a 25% conversion from that into my program here, which is awesome. So we've, I think we've had, we've added almost 20 new people into the program. What I'm finding fascinating is, is the statistics are showing to me that most of you that are new, that join the program are watching the recordings, and so that's why I'm I'm mentioning and talking to the people who are watching the recordings here. Here's what I find fascinating. I used to run a lot of these live webinars, and then I would get a lot of people who would join live calls off the live webinars, because I'm doing evergreen, and it's pre recorded. A lot of the people who join from a pre recorded training want to just watch the recordings. So it's almost like the psychology of where somebody came in at determines that which I'm fine with. I think that's great. However you're going to get the value from this program is there. But I will say there is a huge, tremendous value to being able to ask your questions. Make sure you go into the Facebook group. Ask questions inside of the Facebook group, stay connected in there with us. I'd love to review your sales copy all that, and don't feel intimidated by where you're at in your business, or where you feel like you need to be or should be, and all that. Everybody's at different stages in their business, and the goal is to help you make progress to move forward now today, in our live training, what I want to talk about, it has to do with something that we touch on often. I touched on this last week, and I find that that in during our Q and A, it had tremendous value to everybody, and it's the idea of when it comes to putting your offer out there, when it comes to launching your offer, is what are the things that help break the decision paralysis, as Well as the type of ways to manage our energy and things like that. Something that I've been discovering over the last couple of weeks is about the nervous system and the vagus nerve and how it has such an impact on the actions that I take, and it's split into three different categories. I've been doing a lot of research on this this last week. That's why I want to start this by talking about this, and then we're going to dive into something that's related to advertising. I need to find a marker here in my office. The kids always grab the markers and they move. Here's one halfway across the room. Okay, so this is split between what we call dorsal vagal, which is basically the freeze response, sympathetic, which is fight or flight, and then we have the ventral vagal, which is where you're at peace or at ease. All three, all of us have this. And this is what's amazing is, is that we move between these different places, meaning that wherever you're at you need to move from one tier up to the next. And in our lives, we're not going to spend all of our time in one of these. We're not the goal is not to spend all of our time in one of them. The goal is to be able to move in between them at will. And it's something I wish that I knew for the longest time again. Let's make this practical when it comes to building your business, if you can't get yourself to do the work that you need to do, because it's technically daunting, or you're not sure if it's the right thing, or you feel shut down because you're not sure if it's the right time, or you're not sure deciding if it feels safe. All of that has to do with the way that the nervous system is responding, and generally, what I'm noticing that affects more often than not, coaches and mentors. If you were in sympathetic you probably you would actually be launching your offers. And so what happens is, is that these three different stages, right here, go into the level of that the nervous system feels safety. When the nervous system feels safety, ventral vagal, we no longer feel like, Oh, I'm afraid. Everything feels very peaceful, at ease, our decision making and our clarity of thought is very high. We're not second guessing anything. And those are the moments where we feel the most confident, the most at peace. Like, for instance, like if I like, when I just think of something that you really enjoy doing, that you love doing, that's where that is now sympathetic, is where we're in mobilization. We're moving we're taking action. We're being mobilized to do certain things. That's the fight or flight response. But there's some kind of action being taken. The place where I see that a lot of us as coaches and mentors, myself included, end up in is this dorsal vagal state, because it freezes us. We we do nothing, we know that we need to do something, but we're not sure yet what to do. And the and the doing of nothing, or the doing of what is safe is because we're staying frozen in well, if I don't move one direction or another, I'm not going to risk too much. I'm not going to possibly experience things not working out. And we have to move ourselves from that frozen state into a level of mobilization. Now I'm not talking about burning yourself out. Never. I'm never going to be talking about burning yourself out. What I'm talking about, though, is is realizing that if you have trouble making a decision, there's something beneath the surface where, where it does not feel like it would be safe to make that decision.

[155:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's some sort of fear that's related to doing that. Let me give you an example of this. If I go and I launch a high ticket offer, and I'm not sure if I want to put it out there, because I'm afraid that I might upset previous people that I put it out there with. And let's say that I relaunched an offer because I'm not sure I'm holding back on launching because I'm not sure how people are going to respond, what they're going to think about it.

[164:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sorry, I had to close my office door. The cat let herself in, and the baby is sleeping right at the bottom of the stairs right now with with Mama, so just to help with the sound. And so if I get to this place where it's like, okay, I'm not sure what to do, or I'm building my funnel, and I'm not sure what steps to take with building my funnel, and I'm frozen because I don't know. Should I do this? Should I do this? Should I do that? Should I put this out there? Should I launch it? Is it ready yet? What if it's not good enough? All of that, all of that is coming from because it's not fight or flight at all. You're not running away from something, and you're not running towards something. You're staying frozen. To where it's like, okay, and don't like, break this down to the A silly place where it's like, well, I'm doing something because I decided to stay here in this program here, or to show up to a coaching call. Like, that's not what I'm talking about. What I'm talking about is the fact that, like in the actions in our business, we all come up to moments in time where we end up getting shut down or freeze or things like that. I'll tell you, for me, the place for me came from writing emails. I found that in my email marketing, I was having this and what I've had to do as I as you literally need to when you go into that state where you're like, Okay, I don't know what to do with my funnel. I don't know what to do with this software, more than just asking for help, because that can be helpful. Going through the courses that we have in the members area, posting in the Facebook group, more than just posting for help. You want to move your body physically out of that freeze response. And this is what I've started to do, is I've started to literally, I will start to move my body. I'll start to move my arms like this. I'll start to shake my arms physically. And I've noticed what it does is it will literally get me out of that freeze response when I'm frozen because of what I'm doing, and it helps activate my nervous system I will go do physically something else if I'm frozen in a certain place, or I'm stuck or I'm not sure what to do or how to do it. We're often we believe, Okay, I gotta strive forward. I gotta press forward, and then 12 months, 24 months down the line of striving and pressing forward, we still not made the progress that we want to make it's because we've not created a cadence and a flow for what serves us the best to realize that listen when it comes to building your business, when it comes to building a business, it challenges. There is nothing that is going to challenge your belief systems, your internal safety, of what's possible for you, of what you should be doing, like Building a business. And what's interesting is, is like your your nervous system would probably be a lot more regulated working a job that was paying you a certain amount, because you could just rely on that and not have to think about, okay, what do I need to do in my business to keep momentum going and just eliminate the whole idea of business out of your mind, and just stay in a little security bubble where you don't have to worry about anything else, kind of like my my kids, my kids are operating in a place where their nervous systems are highly regulated and operating in this this state they I never see my kids in this state right here, the dorsal vagal state, I see them go between fight or flight and ventral. And my wife and I help them move up into this. They'll fight or flight. Is there? Okay? As soon as we noticed there in fight or flight, we know how to course correct and help them with that, but they they live in a bubble of their life. My two year old and my one year old, they're like their small world that they live in. And what's interesting is, is that most humans, most people who go and they get a job and they get an education, and they do all that, and they follow all of that. They just expand the size of their comfort zone in their bubble, but they stay inside of their comfort zone when it comes to building a business, just by simply saying, I want to increase my income beyond what I'm already doing right now, and I want to do it by selling a product to other people, where other people are going to decide the value that I present, and they can judge me. They can say mean things. They can do whatever they want, because I'm not. It's a free it's a free world. People can do that, I guess, if you live in certain countries, I guess the UK and in Germany, like now, you can't even express displeasure vocally to people without the the police can come arrest you now. So I can't say it's a free world, but I, I know we have, we have a lot more freedom as far as that side of it is what I'm saying. But it's, it's very interesting how, like, in Europe, it's like, okay, any clients that I have that are in Europe, like, there's literally laws against, like, discrimination laws and stuff, or they can put you in jail and things like that. I'm like, Wow, that's crazy. Anyways, all of that to say is that when it comes to you building your own business, well, think about that, even laws and stuff like that, like you got laws to navigate. I don't want to break the law over here with making claims that are going to get me in trouble with the FTC and things like that, all of those things, just by simply starting a business, you are deciding that you're going to put yourself into a situation that is going to frequently challenge your nervous system regulation. And when it comes to you building that business, you are going to move yourself into places that are going to challenge deep, subconscious fears that we have that we might not even realize. And so what ends up happening is is one of the biggest ones that I noticed that a lot of people get challenged is this whole I'm not smart enough thing. When we don't know how to do something I'm not good enough. When we feel like we're not smart enough or we're not good enough, oftentimes we go into this dorsal vagal state, this freeze response, because if I'm not good enough, I'm going to just freeze until I get to be enough. Can I tell you this right now, you are enough if you choose to be if you choose to stay frozen, if you choose to stay in your safety state, I'll tell you this. We had a we had a student here in the program for about a year who decided to leave because he made the decision that he was not going to change how he does things. And I told him, unless you change, you're not going to see the results that you want to see in business. And he got very offended by the fact that I was asking him to change how he shows up, but he was frustrated that he wasn't getting the results that he wanted. And so this is why. What I'm saying is I believe every single person has the potential to be successful, to learn how to regulate their nervous system well, to learn how to show up with confidence no matter what situations are going on around them, to show up in the way that your clients need you to. I know that because I've been able to do that, I've been able I've I've seen multi millionaires that I've worked with do that, where they literally take a skill that they don't know how to do, and they learn how to do it better. Sometimes it could be by hiring somebody to do the work for you, where you get stuck or frozen. This is another thing. Sometimes it could be by eliminating a certain aspect of what you're doing that gets you stuck or frozen, things like that. You know, this week, I made a decision with my content creation. I was editing all these different pieces of content, and I made a decision those pieces of content only get about 100 views, but when I launch a certain other type of content, I get 1000s of you, so I'm just going to eliminate that whole type of content that is frustrating me

[317:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: and not have to do it. I decided this a month ago with my podcast. I was recording a YouTube video and a podcast every week. I eliminated doing dedicated podcast episodes. The podcast is still running, but I'll anytime I record a YouTube video, we just put it up on the podcast, and that becomes the new podcast episodes. And so I'm not necessarily doing dedicated podcast episodes. I was finding the podcast versions were getting watched and listened to less than the YouTube stuff that I was generally putting out there, even though they were both going on YouTube. So I decided to double down on what was working, instead of allowing those things to get me stuck or frozen or say, Wow, I have too much work to do. And by the way, you can look at your whole life through this lens, what can I eliminate? What can I adjust? What can I change? What can I stop doing that's not serving me, that's a choice, that's a decision to stop doing stuff that's not serving you, that's not helping you get your goals together, and to start doing more of the stuff that is serving you. I found, for instance, this dorsal vagal state right here, what gets people stuck? Gosh, I have such a great example of this. And I love how he was transparent with me in this when I was working with Rick Pino, he was frozen for about a year around this belief that people in his niche didn't want to pay more than $97 for his product. When I say frozen like you, you think about Deborah knows Rick like he's the opposite of someone you would think is frozen, but he was frozen in the fact that he wasn't going to move forward in what was going to grow his business by launching $1,000 a $10,000 offer, because he believed that the people that he was called to serve, the churchy people that he loved so much, could not pay more than $100 for what he was offering. I remember the the day when he decided, You know what, I don't care if they can't pay for it. I don't care if they they feel like I'm not serving them. I don't need to keep myself playing small and frozen in a smaller version of my business that's not moving forward based on a belief of what I must or should be doing with my audience. That was, that was a huge moment for him, and I'll tell you that, like the moment that he made that decision, his business grew from. He was doing pretty good, 80 to 100,000 a month, but it grew up to 400,000 the next month, 800,000 the month after that, just by simply making a decision to get unfrozen. Some of you guys can't even think about $800,000 a month, and yet you're sitting on a business that could be making you that much and staying stuck because of decisions that you're not sure if you want to make I remember working with a with a with a client earlier this year. She was a consulting client. I mentioned this to some of you. This beautiful fitness model who was on TV had millions of followers, but she's making maybe $20,000 a month in her offers because she didn't know how to sell. She didn't know how to put these offers out there. We launched one campaign with ads. Brought in 20,000 leads to her email list in a week. Here's the unfortunate part of that story is it was going to take some growth for her to monetize. She has the potential. I still believe nine figures like like her, her business mind, her ability. It was, it was such a such a privilege to be able to work with her, to see somebody who operated at her level, and yet I could see the potential and how she was living below that potential, because she didn't want to change how she always did things, and maybe in this season that she's in right now, that's the right decision to make. Sometimes it is the right decision to make for healing, for growth, it is to pull back to do less, but I'll tell you this, when it comes to launching our offers, when it comes to selling, I want to take a look at internally. Okay, what is keeping me stuck? Why have I not written those email? This is what I asked myself. Okay, I have, I have a list of seven emails auto responders that I write for this new campaign, and I need to, and I need to write this new sales letter, and I need to take this offer and put it into a Google doc so that I can launch it to my audience over Here. Why have I not done those things internally. Well, I've had so many other things to do and so many other things that I've had going on, right? Great, likely, reasonable excuse, right? But the truth is, I've been avoiding doing the things that I need to do out of fear, out of worry, out of feeling frozen because I'm not quite sure how it's going to turn out. And I'll tell you this happens anytime I launch a new campaign, something that's going to propel me forward. And every new campaign that I launch always moves me closer and closer and closer to the goals that I have. Like this, this Instagram ads campaign, I just launched a brand new round of ads. I'll tell you, it's amazing. The last round of ads, I just cut my ads cost down by 50% on this new round. It's incredible. Like we've gotten 20 more people that have bought it in the last three days. It's awesome. So cool, which should translate to about five more new people in our in our program, and I spent, I think maybe 350 bucks on the ads so far, over the last three days, I'm just running like 120 bucks a day on ad spend. And it's working well. It's working really well. I'm planning my next three offers already, but we got the holiday season. We got all this we got all this stuff going on, right? I'm staying stuck not creating my next offer. Why is that? Well, it's because I have to move myself out of the state where I'm frozen into the place where I am mobilized, where I'm moving or I'm taking action, where I'm doing the stuff that I know is going to move me forward. And we can sit there. We can beat ourselves up. We can get all that listen, the last thing you want to do is beat yourself up. I can't tell you the last time that I've actually beaten myself up over something it's been about, it's been a couple years. I just don't I just don't do it. I don't do it anymore. No matter what I do, I could have made the biggest mistake ever, and yet, I'm going to come to myself with compassion, with self compassion. Now I might feel frustrated with myself. I might feel disappointment in myself temporarily, but I always come back to self kindness and self love for all of this and and this is the this is the cycle that we get into we know what we should be doing. I just noticed I got two markers over here that were sitting on my shelf. That's funny. We know what we should be doing. We plan it. We get stuck, and then we beat ourselves up, we get self loathing and upset with ourselves, and the cycle continues. Well, I know what I should have done, so I'm going to plan it, and now I'm stuck and I'm going to beat myself up and I'm this is literally the cycle that we get into when it comes to running our business, when it comes to launch, to launching our ads, when it comes to launching our funnels and all of that. And so if you can break this habit right here, where you beat yourself up and you apply compassion, and instead, when you get stuck, you end up going into moving and mobilizing yourself to do something that will create momentum for you, where it's not going to dig you deeper and deeper and deeper into a pit. And so again, what are some of those ways that we can mobilize ourselves, literally, physically, moving your body, doing something? Go, clean the house. Go, I'll shake out my arms a little bit stuff like this. Like they found that one of the best things that you can do is actually physically shaking your body like this. Why is that? It's it's like an animal does. Animals are, are my dog? When they're triggered, they shake really fast, it triggers the nervous system to let go of the excess energy that's happening and listen, I understand there's other different practices and methods and things like that to do, to do certain things, but I want to tell you what's what has worked for me

[474:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: is that anytime where I feel frozen, my response previously was okay, I'm going to meditate and I'm going to calm myself down and all this, I realized that that was getting me deeper and deeper and deeper into rumination, that was getting me deeper and deeper and deeper into the same problem that I was trying to get away from. So the way that we get out of a frozen state where we're not taking action, where we know that we need to do something, but we're stuck, is to move and do something to get action going to physically Okay, I'm going to open up this software that I'm stuck, creating my funnel, and I'm going to go around and I'm going to click around and I'm going to look at it, I'm going to now go for a walk around the neighborhood. Maybe it's 20 degrees out, that's okay, bundle up, do that, and I'm going to start to do something. I'm going to go for a workout, and I'm going to mobilize myself to do that. And then what ends up happening is, is that from there, you get to transfer that energy back into your business, and you have a fresh perspective of, okay, I'm not stuck. I can take action. I can do something. I can take action and move forward and what I'm needing to do instead of being stuck, and that helps us tremendously move from that place where we're frozen, where we're stuck, where we're unsure of what to do or how to do it, and we get into that, that place, the sympathetic place where the fight or flight is it's not a bad thing. There's actually two positives of this is what it is, is you're moving out of the fear and into action, into taking action. And I used to really laugh at this type of advice, where it was like, if you don't feel like it, just do something. But now I realize like that is actually the best thing that you can do, is that you can just start to do something. You can start to move your body. You can start to do what you know you can do. You can start to mobilize yourself over here. Now, sometimes you gotta take take a rest. You gotta go to sleep. You have to take time for that, like make sure you prioritize your sleep. None of this stuff works if you're not sleeping, if you're not spending time sleeping, if you're not regulated in other parts of your life and things like that. But when you can learn how to get get out of that, that frozen state by physically moving your body, and then by going and doing something that you've been avoiding doing, and you start to create inside of yourself habits of I frequently do things that I felt uncomfortable doing. I frequently do stuff that I felt uncomfortable with. Let's say that you're frustrated about something. Let me give you an example. Let's say you run an ads campaign, and you spent $500 on your ads, produced two leads and nobody bought from you. Well, you got a decision here that happens a lot of times. You're going to get flooded with emotions, your nervous system is going to get frustrated. Then that's where the shutdown comes in. You can't do anything, and it becomes a vicious cycle where you don't want to launch an offer because it didn't work out last time. Instead, what we need to do is we need to realize, okay, this is part of the learning process. Like Thomas Edison, he learned 99 ways that a light bulb wouldn't work, and that's one of the things that we want to do, is we want to embrace the idea that we're going to take action and we're going to see how things are not going to work well, we're going to try out what's maybe not working well to be able to get that progress to move forward. It's okay. It's going to be okay. But I find so often that people are looking for and expecting that if something doesn't go perfectly the first time, they get shut down, sometimes for months or weeks at a time, and they have to process through this. And many times, there's deeper beliefs that you have to process through that's going on beneath the surface, deeper level stuff that we're dealing with that's keeping us from being able to move forward. When you can process through those things, and then you can start to get yourself back on the horse again, mobilizing yourself moving again. You will start to see the progress that you are looking for. Remember, I said in business, business is the number one place where it's going to challenge all of this in your nervous system, if you have a belief that business is easier and it just works out, and everything is just going to work out the first time that's connected to a fantasy. It's not connected to reality when you understand that business is trial and error to see what works and that you build upon that, and you learn from what's working and what's not, and you don't take it emotionally, and you don't take it personally when things don't work out and you say, okay, what can we adjust? What can we pivot? What can we change to move forward, you'll start to get far better results that way, by doing that now individually, what does this look like? Right? Because I'm talking to a mass audience here, it can look very individually different. But the biggest thing is to keep moving, to keep moving your feet, to keep moving forward, to not getting stuck, to noticing when you get stuck. See, often times when we get stuck, this is this might be a big key for you. We don't notice that we're stuck until the end, and sometimes our stuckness could last six months, could last nine months, and we don't notice that we've been stuck for that long. We don't notice that we've been stuck for a certain length of time. What ends up happening is, is that we end up numbing out. See the freeze response. What it's doing is it's numbing your nervous system. It's protecting you from getting hurt again. And this is what's very sneaky about that dorsal vagal response that I mentioned. Usually when we go into it, we don't even notice that we've gone into it because our nervous system is protecting us from experiencing the pain that would put us into fight or flight. And so then we end up shutting down. We end up numbing out, and we end up letting go of doing the things that are going to help us, and many times, that's the place where we end up in that vicious cycle where we're not seeing those results because we notice. How am I numbing out when I when things don't go my way? How am I running away from feeling something when things don't work out, and many times, that's a learned response that we've had, because it's just, it's it's hurt too many times for things not to work out how we want them to. And then you get some inspiration six months later, and you do something again. What if you shortened your cycle down from six months to six hours? That's something that I learned. That's something that I had to learn. I would go into a spiral for sometimes six months because somebody would say something to me that would keep me so stuck. I remember like clear as day what had happened. I had a situation where a close friend of mine felt so upset that I hadn't called him for six months, that he started threatening and attacking me and attacking my family verbally because he felt so upset by the fact that I hadn't reached out to him for six months. Now, I didn't know that he was expecting me to reach out to him that often, but what he did was he literally snapped into a place where he turned me into an enemy in his life and wanted to destroy my life because he was upset by the fact that I hadn't reached out to him to say, Hey, how's it going now, what I realized was, Wow, this is incredible. I can't believe that I actually was friends with somebody that would do that at the same time I was very hurt by the situation. It took me almost a year and many sessions with my therapist to realize that that behavior, those are not healthy people, those are not people that I'm meant to be friends with. That was somebody that was just using me for their advantage, even though it wasn't for business, it was for personal, relational advantage. They were getting something out of the relationship, and then when it was not they weren't getting that from me when I hadn't reached out to them. They became abusive,

[631:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I froze and I shut down, and I didn't want to make any friends for almost a year, I didn't want to do anything as it related to business or investments or things like that, because this was a friend of mine. We were doing investments and things together at that time, and it froze me so much in that situation that it that it terrified me that this happened, and I had multiple situations that were similar to this, that repeated themselves for about four years, I realized that every close friend that I was making and even clients that I was attracting in my business had the same personality structure where they would get angry and vengeful when I, quote, unquote, wouldn't show up for them how They wanted me to and not only would they discard me, but they would try to hurt me in the process. And I'm not saying this to say that I'm a victim. What I'm saying is, is that I was looking for something. I was replaying a lot of my familial, familiar family interactions from childhood throughout all of this, not that I had created that abuse, but I had not noticed the red flags before they came in and I would literally put myself into situations that would turn out this way because I was Seeking a certain level of validation, my own seeking of validation then created the spiral that would turn into those scenarios. And it was, it was something that it was just very difficult for me to realize. And I got frozen in my business, in this and in what I was doing. It's one of the number one reasons why I hadn't launched I remember this. It was 2019, and 2020, during covid, I had not launched my wealthy coach Academy program that we have here. My plan was always to launch it in 2019, and then in 2020, and then 2021, and it took me four years almost until I launched this program, because I was afraid of attracting and experiencing people like that in my own business. And then what ended up happening was, is, of course, I started having people that would show up on my webinars that were the same way. One of the one of the scariest things for me was I did a webinar back in January of 2023 my son, Halston, was born. This is a crazy story right here, but it just it shows you how the freeze response works. I'm telling you. I'm telling you all these stories to tell you how it worked inside of me, how the freeze response worked inside of me. I launched a webinar, and I had taught this incredible concept on sales to people, and I had multiple people write me, and for some reason now, I realized later, number one, these people were in Canada and the United Kingdom, which, again, like I said, there's certain laws inside of these countries, they told me that I should be arrested and put in jail for what I'm teaching. Now, what was I teaching? It's the same stuff that I teach you guys in here. Okay, so, but for some reason, through their lens. Now I'll tell you this, I I didn't explain what I was teaching as well as I explain it. Now I would say I explain my methods a lot better. Now they were misinterpreting my methodologies through a lens of saying that I was encouraging fraud and Miss misleading people and guiding people in a direction that's not legitimate, and things like that is what they were accusing me of. And I had multiple accusers of this. Where did they come up with this? I would teach a webinar. They would watch the webinar. They would send me a DM on Facebook or an email saying you should be in jail for teaching these topics. This going to hurt people. I'm like, Okay, what am I teaching? I'm teaching sales persuasion. I'm teaching the Ultimate Sales Letter. I'm teaching how to lead with the promise, the promised outcome, and attracting more leads and clients in their business, but they were filtering it through this version of that, and again, I'll say three years ago, just three years ago, yeah, I was not explaining it as well or as skillfully as I do now. So in their defense, the way I was explaining it was triggering a subconscious fear that they had is what it was, and that's how I've like resolved and brought peace to it. It's not because I did anything wrong. They just heard me through their lens of what was subconsciously being interpreted that way, and that's okay, that's fine. That's their prerogative for that. But because you know part of my story, some of y'all might not know this, but I I struggled with alcohol for a long time, and I had gone to jail for that, and because I had experienced that, it was triggering something so deeply in me, these threats, people saying, you should be in jail for teaching This information, I'm like. It was triggering me so much that it shut me down. I had the hardest time, even for like six months, to create offers, to launch offers, to get clients to do those things. And it started terrifying me, and I would get frozen in this state of I'm not sure what I should be doing, how I should be showing up, if I'm ready to show up in this way. I used to have people at my church that would do this to me. It was, it was a cycle that I kept having happen, and what I've realized is that, listen, people are going to think whatever they're going to think, it's my choice to stay frozen in the scenario, whatever that scenario is, or to move and to mobilize, to move My body, to shake it out, to get up, to talk to a therapist, to work through things. And I'll tell you this too, the the now I use chat GPT and grok and Gemini, they're really good at talking through these certain things that I'm struck, that I'm struggling with when I get frozen, when I get into these different states, to help me get unstuck. I have a method that I use where I'll actually prompt chat, GPT. And by the way, again, there's a tool that I love to use. I use it every single day, almost now I was talking about this last week. Look, I'll show you how I use it. I'm gonna, I'm gonna actually show you internally what my screen looks like inside of here is right here. This is just over the last this is since December, 1 and second, rewiring different beliefs and things like this. And each one of these is like a 30 minute long training inside of it. It's a tool. It's called notebook, LM. And what notebook LM does is I will prompt something into chat, GPT, okay, and then I can click here where it says add sources and it says copied text, and I just paste what chat GPT put here. So I'll paste, like four or five results from chat GPT, grok and Gemini, into here. I'll have it create infographics for me that explains certain topics. Okay, when you're shut down right here, move your body to wake it up, to bring it online, things like this, the bad morning, ruined day cycle. I've been learning this myself just by going through this over here and then right here, action lifts the mood, behavioral action the vicious cycle stressful event, trigger makes the trigger you feel sad, anxious, overwhelmed. So this is all AI generated right here. But what I'm doing is I'm using it to take these outputs from chat GPT and to turn it individuals for me that I can look at, and then it creates these podcasts.

[790:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Welcome to the deep dive. Yeah, today we're focusing on a specific and I think

[792:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: deep micro action, what we call so these are like, 15 minute podcasts that notebook LM is creating for me specifically on the topic that I'm dealing with. Then what I'll do is I'll prompt it, and I'll say, create a list of topics for a deep researcher to focus on that I want to deep dive into this for deep research on the specific problem. I'll paste that into here where it says, deep research. It will then deep research a report for me on the topic. Now I don't need to read through any of this, by the way. It's going to pull all these sources into here. So now there's like 50 sources instead of just the thing I pasted from chat GPT, and then I'll have it create a podcast based on all those sources. And I'm telling you, this is a method that I've been using to help me learn and regulate my nervous system, and things almost been better than like therapy sessions that I've had, because I'm able to dive into very specific behaviors that I'm wanting to change or shift, or things like that that I'm dealing With. And so notebook LM is really doing this chat. GPT is really great at that that can help you process through these certain things. We don't need to be stuck. And being stuck, I would say, as a combo of our nervous system is stuck and maybe we lack certain knowledge, anything that you don't know. You can always ask on calls like this right here. You can ask questions inside of the Facebook group that you might be stuck on. You can send me a message and ask questions like that inside of your nervous system and dealing with that, that's where the internal work comes in, is to shift yourself out of those frozen states of mind, and for your individual reason why you're frozen, it could be different. There could be different methods that you might need to do to kick start that. What I found was, again, this was an interesting one that I had discovered as I kept relying so much on meditation to get me out of this, when meditation basically brings you down the ladder. So it takes you from ventral to sympathetic, or it takes you from sympathetic to dorsal. And so I needed something to move myself back up the ladder into action, into action, taking if you're already in a ventral vagal state of peace, meditation is a great way to come up with creative ideas if you're in fight or flight or in the frozen state, meditation actually just creates a deeper freeze and keeps you stuck more. And that's something I wish I knew like five years ago. I've spent like, the past four or five years, every time I'm like frozen, I would meditate and I would get more frozen, and didn't realize, whoa, I'm actually working against my nervous system here by refreezing it, instead of getting out of the freeze by moving my body, by doing something, by doing that. Now I'll tell you, this has helped my marriage. This has helped my family life. Has helped my business. This has helped with trading stocks for me. Gosh, just Friday last week, I made $9,000 trading on a small account because I got out of being frozen and was willing to go through the process, and I took action on a trade that I wouldn't have done otherwise. It was amazing. And so all that to say, you can rewire your mind, your nervous system, how you show up. And I would be willing to bet that when it comes to your business, the strategies of what to take action on, what to do, the stuckness that we experience as often a combination of what we've been talking about here today, and then once you combine getting the right knowledge with properly regulating your nervous system, properly regulating your nervous system, it's like, I'm I'm teaching from a different level. Here it's, again, it's not about meditation or calming down the nervous system. Often times we're so calm down and numbed out by the freeze response that we need to get it back into motion, that we need to get it back into doing something, because we're locked in to like, Okay, if I don't move. Where does this come from? I actually have a really funny picture on my screen right now of a lion. Some of y'all are going to see how dirty my monitor is or my desktop, but yeah, I got all these different things on my desktop. Here, different videos and stuff. But anyways, there's a lion right here on my desktop. The reason why we, our bodies and our nervous system go into this freeze response was to get away from a predator to get away from a lion or a snake or something like that. Now that we don't have lions or snakes, the toughest thing is, oh, this, this software is difficult. I'm dealing with this issue with my kids or my daughter or my wife, or experience this with my spouse, or I have this going on at my job. All of those things end up putting us into these different states. And when you can shift your state, it's funny. Some of y'all you, I'm sure you know who Tony Robbins is. The foundation of what Tony Robbins teaches is about shifting your state, because if you can literally shift your state out of freeze and get it into action. You will see the momentum that you need to get the results that you want. But many times, and I'll leave you with this, our our own spirit of excellence is what keeps us frozen. Our need to be outstanding and excellent keeps us stuck because we're not sure are we going to do it right? Is it going to be right? I need to make sure that it's done right if I'm going to do it at all and many times it's again. It's learning to adopt that, that childlike state of mind where I'm just going to have fun with this, I'm going to just see what happens. I'm going to be willing to move my nervous system out of frozen, to take action and do the uncomfortable thing, just to see what might happen. I put put this offer out there. I'm going to just see what happens. I'm telling you my friends, like I have, like, my next offer that I'm launching is going to be so cool. I'm creating an offer that I'm launching that's all about AI content creation. And I just, I know that it's going to crush it. It's going to get me some of the best buyer leads that I've ever had. And I think it's just going to be incredible. Yesterday, I was actually doing something. Look at this. I created this. These two pieces of content are AI generated. This one's AI generated right here. Okay, I did this with Higgs field. And then this one is also AI generated right there. That is an AI generated photo of me. I figured out how to actually get my actual shirt on in here, how to get it to match my my body. This has my Pokemon shirt right there. And so, like, I have, like, such amazing stuff to teach as far as that goes, which is incredible. And I'm going to be creating an offer on that, like I figured out, how do we, you know, do avatar swapping, like that, all those different things for videos, you know, creating a video like this, like for this image, I would have probably done something a little bit different with this one. There's a new method that I just figured out yesterday, but I was frozen. I was frozen because I wasn't perfect at creating content. And yesterday I decided to get out of the freeze and just do something. And I created those two pieces of content yesterday, and I have a third one that I'm actually lining up, that I'm putting out there. I'm going to start probably launching three or four pieces of AI content a day that's based on my message. I'm going to, I'm going to show you some of these examples of how I've been, how I've been doing that, and then we're going to take some, some Q A, okay, so look at this. Here's some AI photos that I generated, they don't quite look like me, but the scene is really good. Now look at this. I threw it in nano banana, threw my own t shirt in there, and threw and re shot my face, so the face and shirt actually match clothing that I own did the same thing right here. So this one, it started as this image where I'm walking through there, and then I told it to That's funny. It has me without my shirt on. That's so funny. I took a photo of me and my shirt and had nano banana put the three together to create that

[952:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: same kind of thing right here, and a different t shirt of me had me a little bit skinnier and more muscular right here. So I told it to make it look a little bit more like me on these ones, and they came out looking great. And so like those, like those, actually look like me, which is awesome. So anyways, all that to say, it all start with knowing how to shift your nervous system into action taking, and you can do that any day, anytime, but it takes a practice to learn how to do, and it will be uncomfortable at first, but it's worth it. Alright, I'm going to take some questions here, and I want to dive into, let me look at any of the questions that might have been asked right here. Hey, Deborah, I see you had your hand up. What's going on?

[971:39] Deborah Scott: There I am. Hi, great conversation. Can you hear me?

[973:05] Rae SuperWoman Jenkins: Yes. Okay, so where

[974:20] Deborah Scott: do I want to begin? All right, so basically, I'm working with, this is good. This is so crazy, but I know it's God. I'm working with a lady who founded EFT for Christians cool. We are collaborating to put out an offer. And what we did, and I use the skills I've been learning from you is we're going to have a introductory offer to EFT for Christians Academy. I'm super happy because I'm going to start teaching again.

[985:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. But

[985:29] Deborah Scott: I got to use the sales skills, you know, like what you've been teaching us, to kind of get things up on off the ground. I'm going to be using her materials, because she's pioneered EFT for Christians, yeah, all right, so what's happening is she has a Facebook group, and I put an offer together. I put it in there. We've got, we said 25 people, free seats for like the first 25 people, we have 20 the seats filled. I'm thinking, I don't know what to do here. Is why I have to ask, Do I just keep it in that little ecosystem to just get my training wheels going, or do I try to make a little advertisement, put it out there on Facebook,

[999:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: put it on your social media.

[1000:12] Deborah Scott: That's still scary, because everybody knows me for worship and prayer, but I this is a key part of our healing journey. That's a great

[1002:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a great example right there of where, like, I mentioned, like, you're, you're sort of, like, frozen for marketing your business, because everybody knows me for worship over here,

[1004:37] Deborah Scott: yeah, yeah, yeah. And, like, probably the only way to break out of it is just to put something up, huh?

[1006:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: But like, that was, that was the biggest thing, even with with with Rick, was everybody knew him for worship and all that. That was one of his biggest,

[1009:08] Deborah Scott: yeah, he's really taking some slams. Like, I still keep an eye on him, like, I see some of his stuff in the background, you know, it'll pop up, but a lot of people,

[1011:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: but you're gonna take slams, yeah, as you go. Like, if we're, if we're trying to avoid taking slams

[1014:01] Deborah Scott: muscle, just crawl under a rock,

[1014:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, right? That's the thing is, it's like, it's like, and then figure out how like, because I realized, for me, I'm gonna take some slams when I launched this, AI content creation training. Why out there that's, like, innovative, like, I've already, I've already taken quite a few of them really listen some of my latest ads that have used AI, oh, and so, yeah, just a lot of people, like, in the coaching space, they're either very pro or very against it, okay, and so they're either, they're either very for it, or, like, you're the equivalent of, like, being on the Epstein list, if you use AI, it's

[1026:41] Deborah Scott: kind of like me, I was, I've been playing with suno, yeah, you know, for music. And I was able to take something that they like, I take, I have the ideas. I have the chorus, or, excuse me, I have the lyrics. I have the structure of the song, and I put it in there. I already know what I want. I know what key it's going to be, all of that jazz. But I really took some hits on that, like, is that really real music? So what I did is I took the I, they let you buy, like, for 30 bucks a month, you can have the MIDI version. So I took the mid, yeah, dude, it was

[1038:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: just another instrument, really,

[1038:52] Deborah Scott: and when, and, you know this, Jeremiah hanging out with Rick, you know this, how much of that music's already AI,

[1040:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well, what I love about suno is now that they give you, like, all the MIDI and the stems and all that. I've really

[1043:06] Deborah Scott: sucked, just for the record. Don't do the stems guys, because they even, even with the MIDI, they what's the word I want to use? They put, I can't remember the wording that there's a technical word, but they put their stuff in, even on the MIDI. Yeah.

[1048:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyways, what I'm saying topic, you can hum a certain tune into suno, and it will generate a whole song based on what you hummed into it.

[1050:52] Deborah Scott: Yes, I have personal songs for cats right now, depending on their personality. And it's hilarious. It's absolutely hilarious. So soon, soon, it was a lot of fun for me, because I love music, I love worship and all that. But okay, so we are totally off track, and I'm just surprised that you're getting hit a slam, if you will. For you know, some of this AI stuff, said you were

[1057:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm not surprised,

[1057:34] Deborah Scott: but you're not is it because there's just so many people with so many different opinions? Isn't that what that comes down to?

[1059:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, I am getting slammed for it, but I'm not surprised.

[1060:17] Deborah Scott: Okay, you're not surprised. I'm not

[1060:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: surprised at all. So and it's instead of me trying to avoid, I'll tell I'll tell you I read something recently that was really powerful. The number one way to make sure that you that to make money online is to get really comfortable with irritating people.

[1066:26] Deborah Scott: All right, here's some declaration. Declarations, ladies and gentlemen, today I will piss off three people.

[1069:17] Robin Ernst: That's That's because

[1070:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like the word irritate, because it can, it can have a lot of meanings to the word irritate, and it has a spectrum to it. So I like that word a lot. Um, because, like, piss off. Like, I'm not trying to piss every piss people off.

[1074:35] Deborah Scott: Yeah, that's probably, that's slang for New York, so don't use that language. I shouldn't be.

[1076:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh no, I don't, I don't care. I just, I know that what I do, if I'm doing the thing that I meant to do is going to irritate people, and that irritation may manifest as being pissed off. That irritation may manifest as I remember, I got a text message from somebody I really looked up to, and he's like, if you keep posting another thing like that on your social media, I'm never going to talk to you again.

[1083:05] Deborah Scott: That's a lot of control. And I was like,

[1084:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just ignored it. It was crazy. I'm like, okay, dude, whatever. That's control, though. And sure enough, I've not ever talked to him again. But yeah,

[1086:27] Deborah Scott: that's and I think that's the question we have to ask ourselves, like, especially for me on a personal level as a Christian, you know, if God's called me to this is somebody's dispute, dislike, discomfort, more important than what he's given me to do, and that has been a battle. Like, yeah, you know it like, ever since I've been in your group, which I was there from the beginning, you've heard me go back and forth with this EFT thing. And so anyway, where we're at now is I put something out. We've got 20 people interested. I would like to get it up to 25 I was thinking about personally reaching out to some people that I know might be interested in it. Um, but then I'm like, Should I try to advertise? And I just wanted to hear from you, like, am I getting ahead of myself?

[1103:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not for that product, but you advertise. The only thing I advertise is, if you're creating your own paid like a webinar offer, that's a lead magnet that's going to be selling a on the back end of it, some kind of a program that's going to be making you a profit.

[1108:40] Deborah Scott: Well, that's the goal for this.

[1109:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you're selling a program inside of it, yeah.

[1110:09] Deborah Scott: So inside of this, like, inside of this information training will be an invitation to the academy. It'll be a six week training program to

[1114:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: learn. It was their program or your program.

[1114:45] Deborah Scott: It is a combination. What we're going to do is we're going to use, I'm going to use her materials, her books, okay, because she's already got their stuff written. It's like, when I read her last book, I'm like, she thought all this time. She thought I had already read her books. And I'm like, No, I've only read the one book. So I read the second one, and it was very similar to where, where I know I'm going, and I'm like, I don't need to write a book. You did it. She did it. Why do I need to write a book? She did it. And I said, what you need to do? I told her, like, you need to get out there and teach this stuff. She's like, I'm done. You know, she's in her 70s. She's like, I'm just not. Yeah, to do that now, she said, but I'll help you if you want to. So what we're doing is we're combining her pioneering work, which is she's been doing this for 20 years, with my new believers tap method.

[1129:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, okay, well, then if you Yeah, if you do that as like a webinar that's then promoting a program in the back end of it, then, yeah, you could definitely build a funnel and run ads to that for sure.

[1132:43] Deborah Scott: Okay, okay, that's all right. So in doing that, do I do like, like, your last ad for the Instagram training was like, 495 is that, like the normal rate, if I don't

[1137:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: 95 $7 $10

[1138:16] Deborah Scott: okay, so the

[1138:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: range can go up to like $27 okay, depending on how in depth it is, all

[1140:15] Deborah Scott: right? And then, but I would say,

[1140:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: since it's your first one, I would stay under 10 bucks, say under

[1141:36] Deborah Scott: 10 bucks. Okay? And then, in doing that, do I let them have a replay or not? I don't want to, because I'll tell you, what I've learned is inside the EFT world coaching period, it's just a very like, I don't know how to word this, but a dog eat dog world, if you will. People just go after each other. They'll like they'll come in just to get something to move on to their thing. Kind of thing. What I want to do is build. I want to build something that's going to last. I want to build something that's going to help people for generations. I don't want to build, I don't know. I don't even know if I'm saying it right. You're fine.

[1154:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, but before building that sort of legacy, long lasting thing, you need to get some momentum of connecting with people that you can sell to, right?

[1157:33] Deborah Scott: And so do I have the webinar and have a replay, or you come to the webinar and that's it.

[1161:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's pros and cons to either one. I mean, you can save the replay and turn it into an evergreen offer. Okay, you could take it, if they're paying for it, I would give them the replay,

[1165:13] Deborah Scott: okay, yeah, or maybe just give them a script from the replay.

[1166:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you could do that too, so they

[1167:20] Deborah Scott: come back, or try to stay connected, because people this stuff is so out there. It's so free, like on YouTube, if you will. You know, yeah, all right, well, I'll let you know when I get up that part ready. I've got the one part done now. I got to do this other part for is that called a lead magnet.

[1174:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's a, it's not a lead magnet. A lead magnet is like, if it's, if it's free for people to opt into, okay, it's, this is, like, it's a, it's a paid mini class, okay, that we're talking about, right?

[1181:58] Deborah Scott: But when I do the advertising, what do I say in the advertising? Like, join us for

[1183:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: you, talk about the result they're going to get out of it and and the pain that they're having. Okay? Inside of the Instagram ads class that I have, I show you exactly kind of what to say and how to say that, okay, but for that, it's, it's not about, like, what you call it doesn't necessarily matter. I say, Oh, this is a, this is a free class that I have. It's all about, or it's a paid class. It's all about. This is but I'm specifically focused on what's the result that somebody is going to try to get out of this,

[1192:31] Deborah Scott: right? What are they gonna

[1192:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's that goal that they have?

[1193:20] Deborah Scott: Okay, yeah, okay, all right. Well, I think I've, I have a sense of direction. We'll see I, we'll see how I how it goes. We'll just see. We'll just see.

[1196:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, by the way, when it comes to the price point on certain things like that, again, as you're starting out and gaining momentum, here's where I struggle. Is like, if you launch an offer that's 99 bucks and then nobody registers. You would have done better to sell it for $10 and have 20 people register, rather than selling it for 99 and having nobody register, right? So it's just, it's just going to be, it's just better to gain the momentum by having a group of people buying something from you, rather than, you know, doing it at a certain high price, okay? For an entry level offer. Now, you're not going to necessarily make a lot of money profit profitably off of that, but you'll make money on whatever you sell on the back end. Okay, all right, Tiffany, what's going on? Tiffany,

[1210:19] Tiffany Quinones: hello, your training couldn't have come. I'm like, Is he reading my mail again? Because I literally had a Tiffany's epiphany about this. Literally within the last four days, I myself have been in chat, GPT perplexity and all the things, and it's actually what's been helping me generate content. And I'm getting a lot of healing from my past performance, foster care, all the things so it so I was asked I was noticing, because perplexity, and I think it's chat, GPT also mentioned something about nervous system safety, and then I keep seeing things about it, and I'm like, so when whatever you were talking about today is like, hit the nail on the head, because, yeah, I haven't necessarily felt safe because I've feared that I would

[1224:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: remind yourself that you are safe,

[1224:58] Tiffany Quinones: right, but I feared I would get in trouble because of my experience, so I made an appointment with my therapist, but I've been working with Professor. Working with perplexity and chat GPT through this, but I figured that out, and I'm like, Aha, there's a safety so I've gotten into performance improving and doing all the things. And I'm like, What am I doing? I just was auditing myself. But I did have a question about the notebook LM, because I actually started using because we're talking about it, think it was last week. And I'm like, Well, let me go test it out myself, to go see what Jeremiah is talking about. So can we use that for content, like podcast ideas and stuff? Yeah. Oh, okay. People started talking. And I'm like, I don't want you guys on my podcast. But because I was like, this is pretty cool stuff, I'm still not sure how to like, use it.

[1240:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Listen to them. And I listen to those two people, they're AI generated people, yeah, and I get ideas from what they're sharing. Here's what I found that helped me tremendously with, just with with like healing and certain things like that, is I'll listen to those two voiceovers and what they're talking about and what they're saying, and then from there, I will

[1251:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: internally, inside of my my mind, my Brain, my thoughts, my feelings, I will start to my intuition. Will start to think through and process through just different aspects of what I'm listening to, what is being talked about, what is being addressed. And then I'll come up with ideas for additional than prompts to give to chat GPT. And I create the whole cycle. So I go chat GPT into notebook, LM, I'll listen to an audio, and then that will trigger ideas for what to then prompt chat GPT with again. And then from those triggered chat GPT ideas, I then go in and I'm able to,

[1267:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: From those triggered chat, GPT ideas, I'm able to i

[1270:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: i prompt chat GPT on a different layer of the topic that I'm listening to, and then I'm processing through and then from there, I'm able to Have it, create another podcast for me to listen to, and I do this in a loop, ah. And so what I'll do is I'll like, I'll go through, I'll create one of the podcasts. I'll prompt the deep research to do a do a deep dive on the topics. I'll create another podcast with those. And then I'll listen to, okay, I'm listening to the generated podcast that it creates, and I'm having chat GPT. I'm getting ideas, and I'm writing them down in the notes on my phone for what I would like chat GPT to process with me and to come up with ideas for and so that's how I come up with those different different things to prompt, and then that gives me different ideas for what to talk about and what to what to do.

[1288:39] Tiffany Quinones: Awesome, yeah. So many tools. I'm like Pam and Sora. If you want a whole new family, it will create a whole new family for you, too. It's funny, I've been using Sora a lot, which I like, so I just was having fun. And I'm like, create me having fun, having a snowball fight with my friends and family. So it did, but it created a whole family that was supposed to be my kids and my husband that just like, Huh, that's very interesting. So if you want a whole new family, AI can create one.

[1299:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: It can't put your family into it. So, right, yeah, definitely, yeah.

[1302:08] Tiffany Quinones: That's the funny thing I will say. And just to add to this, and thank you so much for sharing this today. I really appreciate it. It's like, timely message. I've had to be very compassionate and speak Grace over myself with my healing as well, because there's like, to be honest, I don't have the energy to put forth the way that I used to, but that's because of what I'm healing from. It's not like, I just don't have energy. It's like days like today, so like, even sending emails, whatever is like I don't have the energy for that. Plus, I have to force myself to walk through the doors of my job, because my body is physically like. No energy is there. But what you shared today was very helpful to be compassionate. Speak Grace over speak kindly, because it's but on days that I do have energy, like I do my podcast, because that's actually where I get to promote my stuff in voice time, so I do have energy for that, so at least that's doing something. But thank you so much for today. Very helpful.

[1322:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you bet. All right. Adele, what's going on?

[1324:05] Adele Best: Adele, hi. So just some, just some reflections on that was very, very good. And just coming off the back of what Tiffany was saying, I actually watched a, I watched a YouTube with Alex hermosi today. It just came on my YouTube, and it was really powerful. So he was actually going back to, like, him starting his business, and he was actually crying. I don't know if he was doing it for emotional effect or if it was genuine, but he was crying remembering how much pain he was in and how difficult it was to get out of that pain. And he was basically talking about the struggle of where Tiffany and I are, because we're in our day jobs. We still have to, like, do all the stuff we have to do, family, kids, house, day job, and then we have to, then try to push ahead with limited energy so, so what happens to me is I have to, like, be in the office, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and then I say to myself, Okay, I'm going to work on the business Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and because I so badly need to get out of the pain of the day job, it's like putting extra pressure on me. So then I exact, exactly what you say. I go into a free state, and then I'm like, right? I'm going to clean the house, I'm going to do some exercise. And I'm lying to myself thinking I'm doing something, but I'm not getting ahead. Because I'm lying to myself that by doing these things, I'm somehow managing my nervous system. But I'm not so I've just bought a rebounder. I'm hoping that a rebounder will shift the energy to get movement, to get to get traction, but I will say as well I have, I am making progress in my nervous system, because this week, a woman came onto my page and completely trolled my AI post and accused me of so I did use the word S, H, I, T, I don't really think that's a swear word, but she started accusing me of, how dare you like you're a Christian leader, and you're openly swearing, and you're using AI, and you're just such a terrible person because you're using AI to physically desecrate your face. And I was really impressed with myself because I had, literally, I was so untriggered. I was like, Really, so I was really proud of myself because I didn't. I didn't react really. I didn't, I did eventually respond, but I responded in a detached, regulated manner.

[1359:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's, that's somebody really, really hard on themselves more than and they're probably in the way. Yeah, she was. They're probably

[1361:59] Adele Best: triggered just by how great my AI picture looked like.

[1362:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's a that's a really hurting person that has to even thumb it like that.

[1364:08] Adele Best: It was such an attack and well, but I was really pleased with how I handle it. And my friend actually said to me, Wow, you handled that really. Handled that really well. So I was like, wow. Yeah, bring it on. I I know I've got to the point where I I'm not where I want to be, but I know that I'm at the stage now where I genuinely can put myself out there and do not get fears by trolls. So yeah, I'm making progress, but yeah, so I just need to be mindful on the days where I'm working on my business together, to freeze as fast as possible, because I'm pressurizing myself that I only have these three days to get everything done, or two days, and then I don't even have those two or three days because family are coming In over the top of it, demanding, demanding. So I just, I'm going to have to be very accountable and try to just really be productive with the time I have. But, I mean, there's a very good podcast. I really recommend that everyone go and listen to Alex from mosey talk about it, because he said the first 100k is very hard because you're working so hard at all these new skills, keeping all the balls in the air whilst doing your day job and all the things that you're still doing. So the struggle is real, but yeah, is when

[1384:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're juggling all those different balls, is you just kind of, you lower your standard of how perfect everything needs to be, and you that's where you, like, you become willing to just, like, put something out there that's halfway finished, halfway decent, but at least it's something that's out there.

[1391:30] Adele Best: And yeah,

[1391:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: learning, like, like, reduce the amount of time per task that each task takes you, yeah? So, like, what you're doing in your in your business and all that is, like, shrinking how long it takes you to get each task done, yeah?

[1396:17] Adele Best: And that's and that that just comes with, like, increasing skills. I mean, like, for example, you know, creating a sales page or a landing page or a website would have taken would have been such a big task two years ago. Now, it's like I could do that in a day. I am speeding up. I am the skills are getting faster and faster and with AI, like, that's why I love AI, because we can be really creative really fast. So I'm just going to be increasing my AI content because I find that it it, it gets much higher views, and if people like it or hate it, that's good, because it means people are talking and it's just less it just works for me. So I'm going to be totally going down the AI content path, because I just really enjoy it. It's great. It's great. Yeah, right.

[1409:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Rae, what's going on? Rae, I saw you launched something. You put it out there.

[1411:01] Rae SuperWoman Jenkins: Oh, yeah, I just wanted to share that with the group, because of our session last week talking about how it's stressed about it. Thank you trying to press through it. I don't really have a question. I just had a comment. I saw one of your ads yesterday, and I was just like, look at the Meister. And I was just like, I wanted to tell you, I am loving this space that you're in, like, absolutely loving it, because it's just like, I've known you personally since 2019 when I first signed up with you, or whatever. I knew of you prior to that, but I started knowing you the person, and it's just kind of like I I'm very familiar with your journey. I don't know all the intricates, but like, I'm familiar with the journey, and just like who you were then and and who you are now. Like, seeing this freedom that you have, it's so liberating for me, like, you know what I'm saying? Like, because it's an isn't a testament to that. Like, breakthrough is real. Even though we experience breakthrough in our own personal situations. It's just kind of like we might overlook or downplay our breakthroughs, but like, again, knowing you know where you've come from, and just seeing like how you're so playful and joyful and those ads and stuff like and just like how you're like a kid in the candy store when you get with AI, it's just like, it's so refreshing, like, that's just real. It's so refreshing. So I just wanted to say, like, you know, especially from what you were sharing last week, I had posted, I started viewing, I mean, I just started joining in on this conversation over in Facebook, because, you know, being a carryover for my mom certain times of day, like, I would have to keep jumping off of the live or whatever. And so it was just like, I'll just chime in on in Facebook or whatever. And so I was over there, I was saying, like, how I said effort, like, a gazillion times, like, to the freeze, like, you know, like it, oh, it's not perfect. Well, you know, I gotta fix this. I gotta fix that. And I was just like, Man effing, man effort. I just kept saying, Man effort. I'm putting it out, and then I just fix whatever along the you know, along the way, or whatever. But a lot of that, you know, came from the talk that we had last week, you know, and then, like you were reiterating again today, you know, you know, the power of pressing through the freeze, press and pass the freeze. So I just wanted to share those two points and let you know I definitely appreciate you.

[1462:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Love that awesome. Thank you. I, I'm so glad I can be an example for this to people and I, I've just learned how to I would, I keep giving these examples where, like, I would freeze when I would do webinars. If a comment came in that I didn't like, or I even thought somebody might have an opinion, I would freeze in the middle of the webinar. So I'm here selling like this badass business person, and then I'm getting frozen because I'm worried about how I'm going to be perceived by people in the middle of my webinars, and just the ability to no longer experience that, the fact that I don't experience that, where I get frozen while I'm talking or teaching or things like that, it comes in a little bit so like I'll feel what would have taken me out into the freeze before. But I know how to get out of it, and I know how to move myself out of it and things like that. And I know how to like, when I start going in that direction. I know I can I know what's going to get me to spiral in that direction, and then I know what's going to get me out of that direction. And just learning that I can share from my experience what that is. It's not always going to be the same for everybody, but I'll say that like we have so much more power over what we're capable of doing every day by managing our our nervous system, our emotions, our thoughts, our feelings, they're not going to be perfect. You're not going to have a perfect day ever. Ain't like, that's the thing. Like, nobody's gonna have that perfect day when you I can think back to the days I'm like, okay, everything finally feel, feels perfect around me. I guarantee you a week later that's gonna disappear. And so how do I experience that same level of peace and excitement and joy and clarity of mind and focus and the ability to show up and get stuff done when everything is going wrong, when the kids go to the emergency room, and then, you know, the there's just so much stuff that that happens, and it's not numbing out. That's the thing is, like, I'm like, I'm coming on the other side of this. It's not even like, it doesn't bother me type of a thing? No, it, it actually, I would say I'm more bothered today by crappy situations than I was five years ago, but I know how to navigate my thoughts and actions better. So five years ago, I would try to numb out and ignore the pain internally, which, again, that pain was rooted in my childhood and things that I had gone through as an adult, I found a big Part of my pain, again, came from the time, just like when you if you ever go to jail, or experience going to jail, it wires your brain in a certain way that I had to tell myself, I'm not going to go to jail because of this situation. Like, it's not that I'm afraid of that, but your brain gets wired to being constantly on alert, of like, getting all your privileges taken away, right, right? Is what I'm saying. And so, like, I had to, like, rewire myself to like. And here's the thing, like I so I used to like three years ago, two, two years ago, again, nothing against either of these. I used to take a ton of CBD oil to numb out. I used to drink a ton of coffee to then I would do the coffee be up, and then the CBD oil to be down. And now I've learned, like, I don't, I don't drink any caffeine. I'm not, I don't take any sort of, like, CBD oil, anything that, like, kind of calms me down. Rather, I'm focused on, like, how can I take care of myself? Be the healthiest that I can be, mentally and physically, and show up to where I'm not letting what's happening around me control how I show up. Yeah, and that's just been a game changer completely, Yeah, cuz I could, I could say it, and I knew that's what I needed to do, but now I'm living it to where I can experience a hard situation, and that hard situation doesn't derail me like it used to. It doesn't even throw me off track a little bit. And so with that, like that's a place that we want to get to, because you're a lot more powerful in that place to be able to accomplish and do the things that you want to do. Yep, Robin, I saw you, had your hand up, then you lowered it. What's going on, Robin?

[1558:58] Robin Ernst: I did lower it when I saw you acknowledge me because I I wanted to let you finish your train of thought. So this is one of this is one of the best calls we've ever done for me. I I feel like I just joined the Fellowship of the Ring with everybody's share. And the thing is, like, imagine if, if you You felt bad every time you went skiing, but you didn't know why you felt bad, and then you heard about elevation sickness, and then you're like, oh my god, it's not just me.

[1567:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, how I feel today. Oh, wow.

[1568:48] Robin Ernst: That hearing everybody share that in some ways. Instead of feeling like it's not just feeling less alone about it, it's feeling like there are some discomfort things that are just going to be standard operating procedure as we rise to new levels, and it's we're just normalizing it because all of you amazing people are saying the things that I only say to my therapist in my journal, and I'm just listening to all this today, going, oh my god, there's nothing wrong with me. Like this is just standard. Yeah, it is just normal. This and it was just, it was just the synergy of everybody sharing like, love like, wow, this is it's not just great information. You're always giving us the great information, and you're always leading by example, and we love you for it. This is not new information, but I'll tell you today, all of a sudden I'm like, Oh my God, we are the Fellowship of the Ring. We're all navigating the same stuff, and it's just so beautiful that we're rising together and just the normalizing of it. Because imagine if you had elevation sickness symptoms, but you didn't know it was a thing, and you just thought you were a Wus. And then one day, like, Okay, well, I know I need to take this supplement, and I know I need to have this little canned oxygen and whatever it is, you know that it's not you. You know that it's very normal, and you know there's remedies for it, and then it's no longer about you feeling like you're a wimp. You're not. That's it. I love that. That's awesome.

[1598:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm glad that you were able to experience that. And you know, sometimes I I shy away from talking about topics like this, because I'm like, You should talk about strategic funnel building and strategies of what to do for lead generation. And then I'm like, you know, sometimes I need to talk about the stuff that's keeping us from being able to even do those things, yes, because, and I agree, I think, like there's a lot of great mindset training that's out there, but I think what I shared today Really packaged it in a way that's a little bit it's a little more practical that you can apply,

[1613:04] Robin Ernst: yes, all the other mindset stuff that's out there, because I listened to a lot of it, but it was the sense of fellowship. That's why I'm, like, you know, saying fellowship with the ring. It's the fact that, like consider our peers. We're all paying to be in this room because we have big dreams and willing to put effort and money to it, but we're getting, you know, leg cramps, brain cramps, so to speak. And so it was just a sense of of with your peers and your mentor just saying, This is how it is at 10,000 feet, and this is what we do. And I just it was everybody share combined that just the synergy of it.

[1624:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's awesome. I'm glad I was able to be helpful for you. Yeah,

[1627:32] Robin Ernst: all right, so by way of checking in, I just letting you know the progress that I made. I yeah, I hired an assistant to come to my house and help me organize things and like the more I can tidy things, and then that's so much less add, because every piece of clutter is a.on the radar screen. And so I just feel so great, like it's just the best $12 an hour I've ever spent on anything ever. And I just, you know, it's a local college student showing up with a sweet attitude and and we're just things, yeah, and it's just helping me so much, like freeing up more mental bandwidth.

[1639:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: I love that. That's great. That's super helpful. When we can offload a lot of that and get the help that we need for stuff like that, that's great. All right, y'all Is there anything else, any other questions or comments we want to talk through or anything like that before we go?

[1646:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, well, we're going to wrap up and close out here. We got our VIP call tomorrow, so I'll see our VIPs on there. I hope everyone has a great rest of your week. Have a good one. Everybody you.

