WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-07-28T20:07:59.000Z
Duration: 71 min
Otter ID: UPYXwW0-IMEm0zd9Zd6jmCAVQc8
---

[0:42] Speaker 0: Alrighty,

[1:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's log into Facebook to go live. Go live in here live video. I'm

[9:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: going live through human There we go. I'm

[11:34] Speaker 0: streaming to URL.

[13:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: We stream it into streaming into

[14:14] Speaker 0: group right here, and we go, all right, we're gonna go grab the

[16:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: invitation Link. We're gonna go share that right here.

[22:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And we're going to go live in the grave

[24:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: once that's going, Oh, whoops, we put the wrong, wrong parameters in the zoom. There we go. Go Live. I'm

[27:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: here we are in the Facebook group. Alright. Well, Hey everyone, welcome in today to our live training day. I'm excited to share this with you, um, just a couple of things, and I'll mention this next week, and we'll mention this in the group as well. I am going on a a Disney cruise, another one. I did one about a year ago. We're going on one from the week of the 10th through the 16th. So for this group, what we're going to do is, I'm going to post our next live training. I'm going to have a training, but I'll just post it in the Facebook group and in the members area. I might configure it to where it might stream live, but I think I'm just, I'm just going to post it in the group on Monday the 11th, at 1pm and then we're going to make a post where you can post your questions, and I will record a Q and A video on the 14th. We'll put all this in the Facebook group. We'll send this out in an email and everything to you. But just so you know, that week be a little bit different. Eat my food, but

[45:06] Speaker 0: what you going to eat? You ate? What's up? Oh, that's right. Think

[46:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: she didn't mean to be unmuted. Um, alright. But anyways, yeah, that's what we're doing on the the 11th, the week of the 11th, so it's two weeks from now. So we'll do our live Q A as normal next week, and then we'll be the the training will just be posted in the group. And then I'll do a a post where you can share your questions, and then I'll record the questions while I'm on the cruise ship for you. All right. So any kind of reviews, copy reviews, all that, we'll put that in the group. But today, today is our live training, and I have been feeling an urgency to share something with this group that I think is going to really help you be successful, and it's going to help you to accomplish what you are trying to accomplish in your business. Two things that I really want to share about. Number one is content creation should not be something that takes a ton of your time or focus and time and focus also includes mental energy that it takes content creation is something that I believe should go in the background in your business to where the content that You're creating and I and I include in that, I include in that, your courses, your coaching, your training, things like that, the amount of effort and energy and thought process. Because, by the way, let's be honest, we spend a lot of time thinking about what we're creating, what we're putting out there, what we're sharing, how it looks and all that. That should be 20% of the time that you spend in your business, 80% of your time right here. I can't even draw the percentage sign, but anyways, 80% of your time. This should be in like content. Creation. This should be the amount of time that you actually spend coaching. And here's the problem is, most coaches, most mentors, spend 80% of their time on content creation, developing their courses, coming up with coaching their clients and all of that, coming up with ideas for these things, thinking about how they're going to present themselves, how they're going to be sharing stuff. I put that under 20% of your and listen, if you want to do 30% that's fine. If you want to do 50% that's fine. Just understand that it should be less of your time spent coaching and content creation. Overall. You want those to be what I call habitual activities where your content creation your for me, I do a podcast every week. I record a training for this group. I teach this group. I have our VIP group that I teach. I'm coaching our clients. I'm coaching inside this group. In this business, that is only where I put 20% of my time. The other 80% should be towards sales and marketing. And don't kid yourself. And this is why I want you to be very careful that content creation for your social media is sales and marketing. It is not what I consider to be sales and marketing. There's a piece of it that is maybe a little bit, but your social media content, oftentimes will not fall into this category of sales and marketing. This is your offers. This is your sales copy. This is creating webinars. This is writing emails to your email list, to nurture your email list, this is in connecting with prospects, closing more sales, bringing in revenue. And the reason why most coaches and mentors don't make any money in their business is they have these all backwards. They have 80% of their time is spent making content and coaching their clients and dealing with the minutia, and also they spend, let's say, you know, as a business owner, if you're spending your time with your team, or you're leading a team, or stuff like that, that can take up maybe even another 10% of Your time. So that brings this now down to 70% or even 60% depending on that you want your sales and marketing to be at least 70 to 80% of the time that you spend creating offers. And this is why I say like I What's your next offer that you're creating? What is the next offer that you're putting out there? You create an offer you market it. By the time that offer is already going out there to be marketed, you should be coming up with your next offer that you're already building. You're already making the sales copy for. You're already creating the landing page for and this becomes how we manage our time to market our business. And then you put this coming up with content, YouTube content, coaching your clients, creating Instagram reels, using AI to do that. This is 20 to 30% of your time over here. And so what this does is this creates the proper balance for a business. And I'll tell you this when I say proper balance for a business, this goes against everything that we are taught is the right way to do things? This goes against everything that, if you pulled 100 coaches, would tell you is the right way to do things, and yet this is how you can have a sustainable business that pays you consistently every single month without you wondering, Where is the money going to be coming from? How am I going to continue getting clients? Because then you add in a recurring revenue aspect to this, and it compounds, you're getting money paid to you month after month after month. This allows you to be able to take time off from your business in doing this, and so I want you to be very careful that you're not taking this idea of content creation and then convincing yourself that time. Prevent creating Instagram reels is a business building activity because it is not. It never will be, and that is something that I really need you to understand, and I understand it's probably maybe very offensive that I'm saying this because we are taught that that's where you put a lot of your time. You're going to connect by delivering value to people and delivering value. You're putting all your time into your courses and your coaching and your training, and that is not what is going to build a sustainable business. And so this is one of those things that I always you will hear me if you've ever listened if you've been listening to me consistently. You know, I have said this multiple times, and I am consistent on this, and this is one of those things that builds a consistently profitable business. And so if you find yourself having trouble with this, this is where some coaching comes in, because what that means is that there's a belief that it takes me a long time to create content, or that you need to put in a certain amount of hours and reps to be able to create that content for it to be good enough. And that belief, again, there's a lot of stuff that can be tied to that. Again, it could literally just be that that is how you've always done things, that that is how you were trained, that that is how you were mentored. Understand, that in this program here, the wealthy coach Academy program that we focus on, what are the efforts that move the needle financially? What are the efforts that create a financial outcome? And I always put making money in the business that is your top priority, serving your clients, delivering value, coaching, creating content, creating videos, creating Instagram reels that comes secondary to that. And if you can wrap your brain around this, and you literally it becomes a belief inside of you at your core, and you resolve whatever kind of conflict that you have in your mind against what I just said, anything that feels uncomfortable or disingenuous about what I'm talking about, or what feels like it's not something that you are capable of, and you solve that for yourself,

[203:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: you will be able to be unusually financially successful. And I include in that not just time spent on a computer, not just time spent on a phone. I'm talking about your background mental tasks. Where is your mind thinking and processing and thinking about in the background on a daily basis? Are you thinking about, how do I get my clients a result? Are you thinking about, how do I make a better Instagram reel? Are you thinking about, how do I make better content? Or are you thinking about, how do I create a better sales pitch that is going to close 10 times as many sales? And how do I make sure that the amount of profitable revenue that comes into my business is amplified and it comes from your lead magnets, it comes from what people are opting into. It comes from what people are signing up for and giving you their information, whether it be a free offer or it be a low ticket, paid offer, and then you're delivering for that. Now, if we're talking about creating content for a lead magnet that goes under the 80, the 80 over here, if it's part of a lead magnet, if you're creating a challenge, if you're creating a mini course that you're selling to people that's for sales and marketing purposes. Sales and marketing purposes means that there is a direct sales pitch in it, that the purpose behind it is not to deliver transformation to people, that it is not to in to deliver some kind of a change in their life, but it is to connect with a stranger that is out there and bring them into your ecosystem to increase their trust. And by increasing their trust, then you sell to them your program, that's what falls under sales and marketing. So an Instagram reel does not fall under that. A YouTube video often does not fall under that. The content in your courses does not fall under that. Okay, so that's just a little side thing that I want to share with this. I'm going to start it on that note. Now the next thing that I want to share is I actually want to break down for you how to effectively launch an offer the right way in less than four days, and how to do this and what you actually spend your time doing. Now it might take you more than four days, it might take you four weeks, and that's okay. It's perfectly okay if it takes you four weeks. It's okay if it takes you eight weeks, but your goal is for it to take you less than seven, four to seven days. And so what I always do is this is I always, I want to split this out into this four day calendar right here. This is going to be launch day. Okay? Launch day is the day when I record my ads. And what I do is I also test my funnel. So what I'm doing is I have a funnel right now I'm going through. I'm testing it. I did a little bit of the testing yesterday. I our power went out this morning. It was interesting. We just lost all power, so I had to go across across town to be able to take a meeting that I was doing, and then come back here. Our power came on about 30 minutes ago. Hopefully it doesn't go out, I have a you a UPS battery backup that's coming from Amazon tomorrow. So now, if my power goes out in the middle of a call like this, I'm going to have my my my Wi Fi and my internet connected to the UPS power backup. And so that should keep us going live even when my power goes out. So that's a little, little investment that I made into my business. Here. It was about 100 bucks, but it's something that I'm like, you know, I've had too many times this year where the power has gone out, so and it's just been, it's just been a it's just been a headache, like I was, I was going to go review my offer this morning, but no, I had to go drive across town and deal with the power. So any of these like little excuses that we come up with. We gotta handle them. But what's what I have here is I have this offer. I'm going to test it. I'm going to go through are the videos working? Do we hear audio? Well, I don't hear audio from this video, but I'm not sure if I have the audio set up correctly on my computer. Hopefully you guys have been hearing anything that I've been sharing so far. Can you hear me talking in? Zoom, okay, great, awesome. Gosh, that would have been terrible. I was just talking for like, 20 minutes. Y'all got y'all couldn't hear me. I had that. I had that happen once we're like, when I unplug my computer and I take it, the Zoom isn't connected to the microphone. And so if that ever happens, just like, speak up. Like, everybody, raise your hand and be like, you know, anyways, okay, let's, let's go. Let's pull this back over here. Okay, so I'll go through, I'll test the video. I'll read through the copy again. I know I have a few changes to this copy that I want to make. I'm going to go test my form. We're going to test the form out. We're going to go through and we're going to test this out. Okay, that goes here. We have our thank you page right here. Yesterday, when I tested this, this had the wrong date on it. It had a said 40 or said 42 minutes. It didn't have the right time. Access to this training will only be available here. Okay, well, because I had already tested that, so I gotta, I gotta fix that, because my deadline funnel doesn't seem to be working on that page right there. These are all just little things. Why? You gotta test this out before you launch it. Okay, 30 days, I'm going to go check, did the emails deliver? Did I get the email in my inbox? I'll go check my email inbox. I'm going to go watch the training to see if the to see if the actual training is working, if the video content is working. Okay, here's the video, the art of lead getting right here. I'm using a new video player that it has this like, kind of like, speedy bar right here. It makes it look like the video shorter than it really is. It's a little bit of a trick that's happening right there. Okay, so this is working right there, but it's not working on my thank you page. So that's something I gotta go back and check out. And so these are all things that I do. I'll go I'll go through, I'll watch this. I'll make sure to watch through my presentation at least once. I'll make sure that I'm getting all the emails, all of those things, and then I know that it's ready to launch. And then I'm going to go record my ads. I'm going to go create my ads. I'm going to put those together, and then I'm going to put them up in the ads manager. I'm going to write an email that I'm sending out to my email list to tell them about it. I'm going to create at least one social media post on all my social media platforms, and then for the next two weeks. And this is after this. This is the like the four days right there for the next two weeks. After we got one week, we got two weeks. Maybe we might even throw in the third week every day you. I'm going to make at least one of my posts on social media is going to be related to whatever my opt in offer is. So I might take one of my ads and I might post that on my social media as an Instagram reel and and, and I'll take maybe my copy that I'm already using for my ads. And I don't take a lot of time to do this. I just put it up and put it out there and let it go. Okay. Now, leading up to this, what we're doing on this day, we're going to come up with our concept for our offer. We're going to write the sales copy day one. Okay, day two, we're going to write the rest of the sales copy. Day two, and then we're going to start building our landing page. Right here, building our landing page, we're going to start building the automations. And emails. Okay, so this is a four day sequence, right here. We come up with the concept. We write the sales copy. I always split writing sales copy into two days. I just, I've never written good sales copy the first time, so I always need to come back to it the second day. And it's just like night and day different, the quality that happens when you come back to it after you sleep and you look at it a little bit differently. Okay. Then we start to build the landing page. We build out the emails, we build the automation. We do that now if you are creating a prerecorded one, okay, we need to throw an extra day in here. So this is, this would be a live one. So actually, yeah, it would be a five day if you are recording a webinar of some kind. So you're going to take that day to record your webinar. You're going to record your thank you videos. You're going to record your if it's like a five day sequence, you could record if I'm doing it on a five if I do a five day one, I will record them like one video a day for five days. So that's a little bit different as well. But the whole like building your funnel out, this is how you can build it out in four days. As you do that, you turn all of these things, all of these things in your business,

[357:10] Speaker 0: from your

[357:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: content creation to your Instagram reels to launching your offer, you turn those into a habit structure. When I talk about a habit structure, how many of you brush your teeth every day, right? Okay, hopefully. How many of you eat at least one meal a day? Right? Like you eat at least one meal a day, how many of you go to the bathroom at least once a day, right? Okay, how many of you maybe shower at least once a week, right? I say, I say that because sometimes when you have kids like, you don't shower for for a day or two sometimes, and that's okay, but either way, like these are habits that we do, that we take care of. I'm going to check, does the cat have cat food? Right? I'm going to check, I'm going to make sure that the kids are fed in the morning. These become routine. These become habits. What you want to do in your business when it comes to creating webinars, when it comes to and that's why I say 80% of your time, your webinars, your landing pages, your your offers, all these things. And by the way, outsources as much of this stuff as possible. Outsource as much of this stuff as possible the editing of your webinar, the if you have edits, outsource the creation of your landing page. Get find somebody that can take a Google Doc and turn it into a landing page for you. Outsource the scheduling of your emails and all of those things, so that you can spend as little time as possible. See, when I say 80% of your time, I'm still talking about as little time as possible overall, utilizing as few working hours as possible to do that. And so then what you are able to do, you create a habit, just like brushing your teeth, just like taking a shower, just like, like, I want you to think about that. What if creating a webinar each month was so methodical that it was just like, like, getting a haircut? Just like trimming your beard for weight over there, right? Like you did, like you, like you eventually, like you, do it. We just do it, and we don't come up with reasons why. Right now is not the right time, or I can't do it, or I don't want to, or this just feels too hard. Hard. Now, sometimes I do that when it comes to, you know, not taking a shower, but when it comes to, when it comes to getting a haircut, I told my wife, I've been telling her, like, I need to get a haircut, right? I next week, we're going to go do that. But the idea is that, like, it becomes automatic that you just do those things, that you're just somebody that does those I think about smokers, people who smoke cigarettes. I used to smoke cigarettes years ago, and they identify themselves like, I am a smoker. Somebody who doesn't smoke cigarettes doesn't say I used to be a like, I'm not a smoker, right? It's an almost an identity thing. It's a habit that they've gotten into, right? Like, and I'm talking about smoking because it really is. It's a habit that, like, we all can identify, that's out there. You are a webinar recorder. You're a marketer. You're and you might not be a marketer right now, but you are be developing those habits to where you start, to what, what makes somebody a marketer. It's not their skill necessarily at marketing. It's how consistent they are. It's how consistent they show up. It's how automatic and habit based it is like, like. So what is it going to take to where your offer like? I'm thinking about maybe Adele's offer that she created. It becomes a habit now for you to start to come up with the next offer. Okay, I just, I got it done. All right, the next day I'm going to start writing copy for my next offer, like, once I launched this offer right here, that I'm launching, that I'm launching that again, I've been saying that I'm going to launch. I've been saying that I'm going to launch. You know, I realized what happened. I've been trying to understand why people have such a hard time launching their offers over the last, like four months. So what I did was I started to, like, figure out, Where are Where do I come up with excuses to launch my own offers? And I realized it's just like life happens. Your roof gets replaced. You have to put a new wall in the exterior of your house. Your power goes out like all that stuff happens. But the difference maker of what's going to make you successful is that even in the midst of all things happening in your life, you you're still consistent to show up, like I'm really consistent to show up with this group here. I'm really consistent to show up with my podcast. I'm really consistent to show up with my family. But I'll tell you just like all of you, and that's why, like, we all deal with this. We all deal with this, I get into little ruts where I'm inconsistent about creating a lead magnet. And it usually happens like during certain big like transition times or things like that. In my life, since April, I haven't put a lead magnet out there. I've been consistent with lead magnets every month for like, three years, and then didn't since April and help. And I'm not beating myself up over it. I'm like, Okay, what did I learn and what happened to me during that three months that caused that? Well, I started getting really self critical of myself over my lead magnet, I started wanting it to be perfect. I started to want to make sure that it gets the result that I want. I started trying to control the outcome more than anything else. And I'll tell you all this, this lead magnet that I'm launching right here. I don't always say this, like, I feel like God gave me the idea. I feel like God actually gave me the idea for this lead magnet. And so I have literally been like, resisting launching the lead magnet that I feel like God gave me to launch. And it's so funny. Like, why is that resistance, right? And I want to look at, okay, where is that? How do we solve for that, and what can prevent it? What can prevent it in the future? What systems do we have to put into place? What new systems have to come in? How can we defeat our excuses when it comes to create not just launching our offer? Because here's the thing, launching an offer that's so bottom of the barrel level of looking at it, because one offer is not going to make you a consistent business. But how do we create a consistent habit of showing up every single month with an offer? Here, a lead magnet, something that's going to connect with our clients, something that's going to get people to become a client of ours, something that is going to turn things towards, okay, we got new leads coming in. We're closing these leads. We're turning those into sales. What needs to happen to turn that into as easy as breathing, as waking up in the morning, as brushing your teeth, as taking a shower and doing that. And so what I always have to look at is I have to say to myself, it's not optional for me to not get this done. It's not optional for me to not get my sales copy finished this week. It's not optional for me to not record my webinar. It's not optional for me to not record four or five video ads. It's not an option that I'm going to give myself, to miss this obligation that I put on myself and I treat it like working out in the gym or put or or anything that we do consistently that's hard. You know, you want to know something that's that's very interesting that I have worked on a lot over the last couple of months has been again, my marriage and my family and all that. Four months ago, we had a very hard time. Every Sunday, we were showing up late to church,

[506:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: and every morning I was starting my day later and later and later than I wanted to, even though I wanted to trade stocks. And so over the last two months, we have put in structure to where our mornings are dialed in, to where I'm able to trade stocks. We got to church early for the last month, because what we did was we we stopped making excuses for our morning, for why our morning wasn't getting started till 1011, o'clock in the morning, my wife and I and our kids and our mornings every morning now start At 830 sometimes nine at the latest, because that's the standard that we've set for ourselves. And we've decided that every morning now starts at 830 or nine o'clock, so that I can trade stocks, so that we show up consistently at church. And these are things that we have put into place that have been very difficult. They were very hard for us. It took sacrifices to be able to do that, because it's not just me. I gotta bring my wife on board with this, and I gotta, I gotta help guide my kids and my wife, and I have to keep my emotions in check to be able to do this and it not be something where I'm just like, this is the law, this is what we're doing, and this is like, that doesn't listen, that doesn't listen, that doesn't work in our household, my, my if I just say, this is what we're going to do to my wife, like she's the most resistant to that energy, and we'll make sure that it is impossible to do the thing that I said. This is what we're going to do, if I have that energy instead, it's, let's have a conversation about how we together, are going to do what we want to do as a goal in our household. And so again, because of that, sure, it's easy for me to govern myself and to do what I need to do, but when it comes to bringing my team together, when it comes to bringing all these things together. It takes a little bit more effort, and now those things become a habit. Getting up in the morning at that time becomes a habit. Going to bed by a certain time is a big part of that habit, making sure that we're not making excuses or reasons why we can't, and it has changed our finances and our life, our business and all of that, and created like, it's, it's amazing. I've been able to make multiple six figures trading stocks each month for the last few months as an income stream that comes in that now I'm able to literally bring that like, like, spending money on Facebook ads is so much easier when I know that I made a profit over here from something like trading stocks that then I can bring into my advertising budget. It's amazing to be able to do certain things like that, and to know that things are set up in that way. But it took making a habit to do what seemed impossible. I have a friend. He's got five kids, and I've been asking him, like, what does it take to be able to do this? And he's mentored me. It's taken almost a year of him mentoring me to figure out, like, how do they go to sports every day and they homeschool and they get up and he goes to he go, he leaves the house for a job. Job, and then his wife watches the kids. They don't have any help in the house. How do we do that? And how can we do that in our own household to be able to redesign and restructure our life the way that we want to so again, if I look back at the last two months of me not launching offers, I put a lot of that energy that I would put towards offers, towards a part of my family to design our life the way we want it to. And now I'm actually proud of that. And I'm like, actually, you know what? That's going to return and pay dividends so much greater right now with doing that. And so now I'm bringing that right back into it. I'm like, Okay, this month, right now, I got the Disney Cruise. We got all this stuff going on. We got all that. I'm going to launch my offer, and I'm going to create another offer that we're going to launch while I'm on the cruise ship, because that is the habit structure that I'm creating for myself, my family and my business. And we're going to start putting more offers and more offers and more offers out there. And I tell you, it becomes so automatic once I start putting offers out there. I have so many people that just like, want to work with me and and work together in business. It just like, becomes so easy to close deals when you are showing up consistently, when people know that you're open for business, that you're doing offers like that, it just happens so much easier when you're not launching an offer. It's like a trickle. You maybe get one or two clients here and there. I post content every single day, I post on YouTube once a week, that generates me maybe one client a month that's not enough to pay the bills. As soon as I start running ads and promoting an offer, specifically, that number shoots up and we start bringing in the amount of clients that we typically bring in because of the consistent promotion and showing up. And so again, understand I was working with, I was working with a lady for a couple of months. She has a million followers on her social media. She posts every day on her social media. She barely brings in any money through that post every day to millions of people, barely brings in any money. As soon as she starts promoting an offer, then the cash flow starts coming in. And so this is why growing your email list, sending out lead magnets, connecting with new clients, that is the behavior that pays the bills my friends and so we can get caught up the 8020 spending 80% of our time mentoring our clients, developing systems and things. And by the way, there are times for that I never I have a habit that I want to encourage you in I never beat myself up for any behavior that I have. I never self punish. I'm not I never self critical. And I fail at this all the time. By the way, I still have moments of self criticism and self punishment, but as soon as I catch myself like, you know what, I'm not doing that, I'm going to have vision for where I'm going. I'm going to keep my eyes fixed on what I'm creating, because as soon as I step into I'm beating myself up. I'm angry at myself, I'm disappointed in myself over what I'm doing or what I'm not doing, or what's not going how I want or what needs to be done differently. I literally lose my edge and my ability to be successful, I just give it up completely to this self aggrandizing, self loathing, self upsetness, and now that just becomes this selfish, toxic ball of stress that does nobody any Good. And if I just say, You know what? Listen, that was a choice that I did over the last couple of months, and I chose it, and I'm thankful for what's happened, and I'm thankful for what's come out of it, and I'm thankful for what we've created and what what is coming out of those things. And then I'm going to get back on it, and I'm going to do things consistently, and I'm showing up consistently, and I'm going to market my business consistently, and I'm going to make a habit of getting my lead magnets out there quickly, not waffling around trying to perfect it and make it perfect. We get it out there publicly, and we do this with consistency that, my friends, is what produces the most results for you in your business. That's what produces the best finances for you in your business. And I know this to be true. I know this is the difference maker for every business that we focused on, that we built, that we. Promoted, and it'll work for you as well. Alright, so I want to take some questions. Here I see Adele has her hand raised. I want to take any questions from some people, and I want to go through anything we want to any sort of sales, copy, review or things like that that we want to look at to help you build your business. What's up, Adele, how's it going?

[646:28] Adele Best: Yeah, so you kind of answered the question as you were speaking. So really good training. Thank you. Yes, I'm in a two week cycle of posting content to that offer, but in the background, I'm building another offer, so I'm using the two make content. The reason why I invested in the AI, it was because I thought it would enable me to make content quicker. So I'm not wasting time making content awesome. So I'm just going to keep that strategy. I'm focusing on what will be a signature offer, which is basically called, it's a it's going to be a signature offer if I can how people can make a high ticket offer. And that's going to be my signature offer. This is just an idea, okay? So basically, what you're saying is we need to get, like, a full funnel set up, which is a lead market leading to an offer with a whole kind of ad set and an email email ecosystem. And so really what we do, we need to build it out. And then every month, what you created

[661:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: with your $27 class that you did is the same thing,

[662:08] Adele Best: yeah, yeah. But I haven't got like, a whole email nurture sequence, you know, I haven't done that, so I probably need to do that

[663:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: side of it. Well, you want to have your emails that, because it's a live event, right? Yeah,

[664:54] Adele Best: I've done like four emails, like, to the event, yes, yeah, like two days before, one day before, six hours before, or

[667:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: anybody who's registered with like, some content they can watch ahead of time. Yeah,

[668:47] Adele Best: I haven't done as well and done any nurture type stuff. And then, yeah, so after

[669:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: that, you have your call to action emails, and you have those as well.

[672:10] Adele Best: Yeah, I need to do a bit more around emails then. But basically we build out a funnel. We test it. It doesn't work, we just change the lead magnet, change the offer. Just keep tweaking. Every month we're making, changing the lead magnet, tweaking

[675:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: time. It's gonna work somewhat. It's gonna work a little bit. If it doesn't work, that's very rare that it like completely bombs. And that just means that, like, nobody's interested in what you're offering or how you're putting it out there, isn't connecting with people, yeah, um, but most of the time, like, you're not gonna have a total bomb on anything, um, and then, yeah, you spend that time tweaking and adjusting it and making it to where it's it's like. So any any tweaks that you make should be built around this one thing. How do I bring it closer to the desired outcome that the person I'm reaching wants? So any sort of tweak I make to my offer and my sales copy is always around. How can I bring this closer to the desired outcome that the person that I'm looking to reach wants? Does that make sense?

[693:20] Adele Best: Yeah, so it's something that it's not something that we want to create, it's something that they desire.

[695:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and you're just giving them their desire in that lead magnet, yeah? So like somebody desires to have leads come in through Instagram ads, somebody desires to have more high ticket clients because they're struggling to close. Now, it's not just like, how do you get high ticket clients? How do you make a high ticket offer? How do you get more of those clients? And that's the other thing too. Like, how do you create an offer that actually gets those clients for you and your business? How do you like? It's more than just like, how do you create a course? How do you create a six figure course? And then that could turn into, like, a six figure group coaching program that gets people closer to what is that desired outcome and goal that they have, that they're looking for. And this is the progression, like my own offers. I remember my first offer was like, how to create your first course or coaching program. And then that got refined into, I think I did one offer. It bombed. It was called a sell more paid programs that one did terrible.

[714:09] Adele Best: Yeah, so it's kind of sometimes it's not the offer, it's actually just the title and the hook. You could a different hook. Like, because I've come to the conclusion that the title for my workshop sucks. Protect your wealth. Like, it just sounds like some kind of like, insurance policy, yeah, yeah, yeah, it does. So I need to change it. I'm already like, No, I'm changing. The prison art again, change it like it's not, it's not desirable enough, it's not like, yeah, and I can even tell that myself. So I'm like, okay,

[722:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that's and yeah, exactly, if you're thinking that, yeah, somebody who's sitting on their on their toilet, scrolling social media is probably thinking they're not even thinking about it. Yeah.

[725:55] Adele Best: Yeah. It was, it was the girl I'm doing it with. She really wanted to call it that. I should have, I should have put my foot on because I had a gut feeling that

[728:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: it sucked. So it's interesting. When you work with somebody and they really have a desire to do something, I really have a desire to call it that, and then it doesn't work. And you're like, honestly, it probably would have worked better if you had called it something different. What's funny is they will either believe it or they'll deny it and think it's something else. Is why? But yes, she's like,

[734:22] Adele Best: sure. She's like a, she's like a, like, a really award winning therapist. So she does not have, that's awesome. He doesn't have the marketing, yeah,

[737:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: then shouldn't be the one coming up with the titles.

[738:35] Adele Best: I know if I'm gonna change it, yeah,

[739:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: in a nice way, like she shouldn't be coming up. You should have somebody who knows how to how to do that. Well, be able to do that. I

[741:44] Adele Best: don't think she'd mind if it changed. I don't think she'd mind if I change the title. I don't think she I'll just be like, let's just try it again with a different title. She'll be cool, yeah. But anyway, while I'm promoting this one, I'm working in the background on my own offer. Yep, so and

[745:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: then think about as well, while you're promoting that one, come up with with her another offer to create for her,

[747:18] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah. So

[748:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that working with and working with this client that or this lady that you're working with, there's a lot of benefit to that for you, and that's what I really say, like, yeah, it's

[751:38] Adele Best: worked for me because I'm working with somebody, so I don't have the option of saying I don't have the option of not delivering this stuff because I've agreed. Yeah, isn't that interesting? And I actually think it's, it's holding me to account. Like, to be honest with you, I'm posting this stuff on my social media, and I'm, like, really feeling very out of my comfort zone. And the reason is because there's a lot of people connected to my Facebook page from my ministry, church world, yeah, and they're even making comments like prosperity gospel, lukewarm people lukewarm. And it's just like all that church judgment of people that talk about money are just lukewarm Christians. So I'm feeling all the judgment, and I'm like, I don't care. I'm posting this. This is what I'm doing. I'm staying in Monday, and I don't care what you think. But um, I'm, yeah, people do that. I'm just like, I'm doing this. I do not feel comfortable. I feel very uncomfortable. But I'm just going to keep doing it because it's what I need to do to become who I want to be living, the kind of life I want to live. So if it's like,

[770:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're starting to see it come together for you, yeah,

[771:20] Adele Best: I need to speed up. Just need to get like, yeah. Instead of like, laboring over everything, I just need to go faster. Faster, faster. More offers

[773:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: less amount of when we go faster, it's, it's about like, taking less time to just get each step done. Yeah, totally. Just taking less, less time perfecting every every step.

[777:03] Adele Best: Yeah, and so like being in business, um, Jamie C actually, I'm in one, I'm in one of her school rooms, very, very low, low costs, like $20 a month or whatever. But she says that entrepreneurship, it's like, self develop, self development on crack. It really is, you know. So three years ago, when I came into this container, I had a lot of stuff to deal with, and now I'm like, okay, yeah, it's just, let's do it and just get this process. You're

[784:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: not making a lot of the same excuses or and you know what? You know I found with you, Adele, you've, you've realized that all the stuff I'm saying, everybody else is saying the same stuff. And two, I'm not unique in the fact that a lot of the stuff I'm telling you, a lot of this stuff, like every, every successful coach that really is like, worth what they're saying is going to say the same stuff I'm saying.

[791:11] Adele Best: So, yeah, yep, no, it's a really good

[792:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: business coach. And this is, and this is why like in like business coaching very different than like relationship coaching. You know, it's very different type of a thing because,

[796:05] Adele Best: but see, at the end of the day, people just want, they want love, they want a healthy body, and they want to make money. So we've got, at the end of the day, we just gotta package our offers up to in those boxes. Well,

[798:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: that Yeah, exactly. Every Yeah, every coaching business falls into one. Of those three categories, health, wealth, or relationships. And oftentimes you can, you can solve one, and it'll help raise up the other ones. Like you increase your health, your relationships and wealth will usually go up. You increase your relationships, your health and your wealth will usually go up. You increase your wealth, your relationships, then you gotta be careful with that sometimes, but your relation, you'll be able to go more places and do more things. And you can definitely pay for your health to be increased. Once you have more wealth, you can pay, yeah, like, like, That's so like, that's what's funny, is it's like, all of those three things, you increase them, and it raises the others up together,

[812:00] Adele Best: yep, oh, I've got phone call. I have to go. Thank you so much. All

[812:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, awesome, Tiffany. What's going on? Tiffany, I see your hand raised.

[813:52] Speaker 0: Hey, how you doing? Oh man, I'm getting over being sick all last

[815:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: week and so. Oh no, yeah, we had that, like, two weeks ago. Oh

[816:34] Speaker 0: man, yeah, it just hit me. And other stuff that's going on, I'm like, Oh man, I'm supposed to do business, but the couch is my best friend. I have a question, and I know you'll help me reframe stuff, and it's not an excuse. I almost didn't ask because I'm like, well, he might think I'm making excuses, but I'm not. I have been auditing myself and assessing myself, and, of course, using chat, GPT, using the steps you've given us, you know, doing everything I can think of. And when you talk about doing, like, webinars and stuff I have honestly done that, and I end up burning out very quickly because it doesn't like align with my energy. And I know you talk about doing challenges, and what you obviously, what you teach, obviously works, because I've, I've been doing the things, and I'm seeing results, but I used to, I'll give an for context purposes. I used to have a free Facebook group, and I used to do these free masterclasses, like every single month. But then I burned out because I realized, like, wait this, it felt like torture to have to create a like, free masterclass, or what you would call a webinar, and then to get on camera, and I'm like, this doesn't align with me, because I was doing it, because I had a mentor telling me, Hey, I think you should be doing it this way, and I was trying to match what she was doing. So then I ended up stopping the membership because I wasn't aligned with how I was doing things. And so I've, I've, and then I've tried forcing myself. And I don't want to say forcing, and that's probably not the right word, but to do what you're teaching, hey, do the webinar, put out the challenge, and do the copy, and, you know, I do the landing pages and stuff, but I'm finding that doing the webinars and stuff, it's it, just what? What are some other things that might align with my energy? Plus, if I'm not having, I know you said we can do, like, pre recorded stuff. Plus, if I'm not energized, like, let's say I had a plan and I put out a webinar for this week? Well, I don't even have the energy to like show up. So then, what are some What's the question like, What are some other tips you might have? Well, for for some, someone like myself,

[858:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, couple things there's not really. The only other more effective way of getting clients in this type of a business is going one to one and talking to people, one on one on the phone. Oh, we're talking one to one, one on one people, or, like, meeting them in person, one to one. Um, and so, like, at some point, like, maybe the business model isn't aligned with you, and you just have to realize, like, this isn't something that you want to do, because to grow a coaching business, there's a there's a great book out there. It's called the prosperous coach, and it talks about all the ways to do it without the marketing. And so you got to go in person to meet people, and you're going to take them under your wing, and you're going to work with them one Mm hmm. And then, as you work with these people, then some of them will want to pay you money to become a client. Mm hmm. And so you can do that, and you gotta like but every method of growing a coaching or mentoring business requires you to be active, to get in front of and meet. New people with some kind of message that you're talking about. And so if that isn't aligned and causes burnout, you got two options, either realize this business model is not for you, or you figure out how to manage your energy. You figure out how to get energized around doing these things, and where that root of because here's the thing I've heard this, and this is in the in the personal development world, is you can you either got, you got two things, passion and energy, and what feels aligned, quote, unquote, often is fleeting, unless you realign yourself to the actions that you're taking. And so sometimes things don't feel aligned, and we have to realign ourselves either away from it to do something else. That's one choice, or we have to realign ourselves to where it does energize us and it does work for us and and so those are, like, the Crossroads is either one of them, Is this, like, Okay, I don't want to do this anymore, and it's just, I've tried this for years, and it's just not something that I just, I feel I get burnt out every time I do it. Or we figure out, why are we getting burnt out? What's deeper, what's causing that to happen, and what can we do to where? Like the idea of showing up on camera and recording is not a burnout causing activity for you, because I believe that that you can get to where it doesn't cause you burnout, but from what you're saying for the last 15 years, it seems that you always run into a place where it's causing you burnout, and you're just you don't want to do those things. And so if that's the case, then I would say making a decision that it's not a good fit for you, because nothing's changed for the last 15 years, does that make sense?

[912:35] Speaker 0: Well, yeah, yes, I actually have been doing a deeper dive behind the scenes, realizing some things and so, yeah,

[916:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. So getting, getting to where either we figure out how you can create that energy, where it does energize you, or we're choosing this doesn't energize me, I don't want to do it anymore. That's kind of where you're at. You just gotta decide one of those two things.

[921:17] Speaker 0: Yeah, also too, it's like a I've also got some health stuff.

[922:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Are you? Are you taking care of those things?

[923:46] Speaker 0: Yes, I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah. I am also with some losing, some, you know, family and stuff, and another loss,

[927:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: going through a lot, so take some time. Yeah,

[928:24] Speaker 0: so. And I'm not saying that I'm not, like, cut out for any of this stuff. I'm just realizing too, like, what the heck you know? I'm at that place where it's like, I've been going, going, going and doing, and now it's like, Finally, like, I'm I'm assessing, like, wait, what? What am I doing? And yeah, the, as you said, the the blueprints and stuff, I've been following all these other Blueprints. And I'm like, Wait, that's not, it just doesn't work for me anymore. And I'm thinking, Well, what? What does work for me, and so, yeah, and the nervous system stuff getting healed from that,

[940:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: and could also be the topic that you're talking about too, with people isn't aligned with you anymore.

[941:51] Speaker 0: You know what? I've also been in a transition, a big, huge pivot of what my messaging is. And so I also realized that I haven't felt, excuse me, I'm completely safe. Show up. I'm they didn't mean to do all this. I'm sorry. Okay, um, and so we

[947:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: love you. You're doing great. It's really brave of you to be able to talk about these things. Great job.

[949:44] Speaker 0: Thank you. And I've, of course, felt behind, and I'm like, but what you're not behind? So it's been a lot of stuff going on, but where I'm actually going is a totally different place that feels more aligned. But I'm like, Whoa. How can I get to the place of doing what Jeremiah's recommending, without it, that part is what I'm like, trying to find my flow with the tips that you're giving. Is where I'm at too. So there's a whole lot but that. But I was like,

[959:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Where, where I found people. Like when it comes to webinars, they get burnt out is they're either tired of talking about the topic they're creating a webinar on, or they're too caught up in their head, worried about what everybody's thinking about them and how they're going to be received. And those are usually like the one like you're spending all your time when you're creating a webinar, worried, how am I going to be received? And that will burn you out, because you can't show up with that energy of I'm concerned about what people will think about me and create effective webinars. So like for me, like I get, if I'm going to create a webinar, I gotta be in the most confident, slightly cocky state of mind as I can get to where I'm like, just like, I like, just, I'm so excited to, like, make the like that creates the best webinars. And whereas, if I'm like, striving, and I'm like, worried what people think, oh, it's it causes me to burn out too. I feel burnt out running ads or doing something like I so I I've had ebbs and flows while I will feel burnt out those things too. And I'm like, Okay, I gotta figure out something. I gotta figure out what's going on. Yeah, you've seen my mom do it. She went from social media to docs training. Oh yeah, now she's doing health training. And it's funny, it's funny, we had a great call today. We're figuring out how to now automate all of her she's like, Okay, I have this incredible stocks group. We're gonna We're building a team with her to automate all of her marketing for the stocks group. So it's literally just like automated, and it just uses clips from her stocks group to build a whole marketing sequence that she doesn't have to do anything with, which is awesome, because I've wanted to do that with her for like, two years, and she's been so resistant, because she felt like she had to carry the weight of all the content to do that. And I told her no, like you could literally just totally hands off, and we could have a team do that to grow it. And so like her. My mom feels burnt. Felt burnt out teaching, social media and business. She feels what is she telling she felt burnt out marketing, the stocks group, and now she loves talking about health stuff more. So what she'll do is she will pivot. I know Rick Pino felt burnt out talking about worship, which is really crazy, because honestly, like, no, but like, it's just the people that you meet, people, people have opinions, and they can burn us out talking about on the same topic. My mom got burnt out and tired of telling business owners the same stuff I'm telling you guys and them all saying that they couldn't do it and they couldn't like they're just giving up and being tired and all the so my mom got tired of coaching people through the like, the stuff that I do every day here in our coaching group, my mom got tired of doing what I do and and so, like, it was kind of like, that's why she pivoted to the stocks group, because she can, she doesn't have to work with people through the same type of stuff. Yeah, with that. So it's like, you, how do you take the big picture and realign it? The tools? The a webinar is a tool. A video is a tool. A Facebook group with little classes is a tool. The burnout comes from maybe you're talking about something that you don't feel as like aligned with and you, and you don't want to talk to these people anymore, and, and you're not feeling connected with those people anymore, you know, I, I used to DJ nightclubs, and it was just a totally, like, not a very healthy Christian atmosphere at all. And, and, but like, with that, like, I got burnt out in that world, and I look back, oh my gosh. Like, like, it was that decision to, like, leave that world. I was making six grand a month DJing. Oh, wow, on top of another 10 grand a month that I was making with an eye online marketing business. And I had like, a five grand a month salary. So I was making, like, 25 30k a month back in 2010 you know, just doing, but I got burnt out with the DJing type of thing. And I got burnt out with him. I used to do a lot of affiliate marketing. I got burnt so, like, burnout happens, uh huh, and it's a, it's, actually can be a revelation of something better is on the horizon for you. Ah, you know,

[1035:44] Speaker 0: you know, thank you for that, because I honestly

[1037:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: got, like, that's amazing.

[1037:49] Speaker 0: Yeah, I, you know what it

[1038:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: the journey we go through. Like, I just journey from like, burnout, like. You're actually blossoming, beautiful, amazing, next version of you, you're,

[1041:56] Speaker 0: you're right. Thank you. Yes. And you know what, it's because you're, you're right. I have noticed that with the pivoting whenever I go to show up, I almost feel like a deer in the headlights, because I'm like, like, or I kind of feel like Garth and Wayne, and Wayne's World when they go to order and they're like, broken up with the words, and the guy totally gets the order, um, but that's, that's how it's felt. And then hearing you talk and telling us, you know what you're telling us, it's great. It's very, very valuable. And then I'm like, Oh no, I'm not doing enough, or I gotta be doing this. And then I'm like, but I've done that, and also, and so I guess, you know what? And then I had a thought this morning, which was overrided by the voice of you're actually in the right place. So it's just a whole new How do I say a whole new thing for me? Because

[1058:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: worry about me being disappointed in you. Oh yeah,

[1059:20] Speaker 0: no, it when I say I've been working on stuff behind the scenes. I'm talking about getting healed from people pleasing for trying to please my mentors and coaches, but it boils down to, you know, how I grew up, please turn that down, sir, how I grew up, and all the stuff. And so I've been doing a lot of healing, behind the scenes, therapy, all the stuff, but it's the getting out there and getting rid of the past. In fact, I had a very, very honest talk with God this morning about business, and I'm like, we gotta, we gotta deal with this stuff, so dealing with those emotions and all the feelings. And I'm just like, Oh, I'm not doing anything wrong. It's just I learned things a different way that just got me on a different path with where I was, and now I'm actually going here so well, I'm not I'm not slow,

[1073:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: and as well, what I feel like I helped you do is look at it like, Okay, we feel the emotion of all this stuff that's happening, but now let's take a look at it objectively. Yeah, and like, what's going on? Like, you got a decision, we stop doing it, or we adjust, we pivot, we figure out what makes it work. Yeah, and, and so I think, like now you, you have a framework and a foundation that can create breakthrough for you.

[1082:02] Speaker 0: And that's, that's the whole exact thing that's usually what happens. Yeah, there you go. Oh, thank you. I'm glad I asked I like, I said I almost didn't. I'm like, Oh

[1084:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, yeah, yeah. Well, nobody, I get it. I can be kind of scary when I tell people, like, people are like, they don't want to upset me or me to say they did something wrong, but, like, I always want to point you to, like, what's going to help you live the life that you want?

[1090:25] Speaker 0: And I appreciate that you you do that, yeah, and I appreciate that you helped me with this, and you didn't give me one thing that you didn't give me another strategy thing to do, which I really appreciate,

[1093:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: you bet. Yeah, no, that wasn't, that wasn't going to help you.

[1095:04] Speaker 0: No, not at all.

[1096:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so I'm, I'm proud of you, and this is awesome. You're doing a great job.

[1097:34] Speaker 0: Thank you, very helpful. Thank you. You bet.

[1098:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, you alright. Anyone else? Anyone else got any other questions here today? Anything we want to talk through, don't be shy, don't be afraid. It's okay. Nothing to feel embarrassed about or nervous or anything like, like Tiffany said she took she had courage to really lay it all out on the table there. And I think it brought a lot of breakthrough for everybody. It was a great conversation for me too. So, alright, anybody else want to raise your hand? I anybody have anything they want reviewed or to go over, or ideas they want to talk through? All right, y'all, we're gonna log off today. We'll do our live. Q, A is going to be next week, at same time, live Q and A, and then the live training. Like I said, it'll be, it'll be recording on August 11, because I'll be in the Caribbean, in the Caribbean, the the internet. Just not. It's not consistent enough to do a zoom call type of a thing. So, and then I'll be posting on the 14th. I'll be making a post where you can share your questions, and I'll record, make a recording of any questions we can answer. So we'll be doing that then, Alright, y'all have a great time. Yeah, we're gonna have fun. We're taking the two kids. We're going to Disney's got like, two they have their private island, but then they have their own, like, Disney place on another island, and then we have NAS Bahamas. We're going to go to Atlantis for a day. We'll day trip there. It'll be at sea on the Disney ship. We just, we love the Disney cruise ships. This the the Disney Cruise product is probably the best cruise line that's out there. Even if you're like, not into Disney, it's just the the customer service is amazing. It's the best for families. We got a great deal too. We got a beautiful room with a veranda room with a walkout balcony. But if you let them pick your room, I think you get like, 30 or 40% off. So we got the whole cruise, five days for $3,000 for the whole family. So we're like, yeah, great deal. All right, we'll see. Y'all have a good one. Bye, bye.

