WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-03-24T20:37:13.000Z
Duration: 107 min
Otter ID: qc-VtAOFvIE7MERtJpb62PDIpl8
---

[0:31] Speaker 0: All right,

[2:12] Speaker 0: do the

[2:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Live Stream thing. Do

[13:11] Speaker 2: Bill and

[26:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, we're Gonna go live

[27:13] Speaker 2: right here. Go.

[33:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello, Tiffany, hello. How are you? I'm

[34:32] Tiffany Quinones: doing well today. How are you

[35:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm doing really great. I'm doing really good. I have just a great sense of peace and awareness and happiness. Y'all ever have a hey, Shonda, how are you doing today? I'm

[41:30] Speaker 4: good. Jeremiah, how are you

[41:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: good? You guys ever ran into like, writer's block when you're writing sales copy for a for an offer or a landing page.

[45:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, all the time. Exactly that where it's like, I don't know what to write, I don't know what to offer to people, yep. So I ran into that I have had this writer's block for the last like, month and a half for my VIP, which is so crazy. It's like, it's an incredible offer. I can't wait to make it to everybody, and it's going to be like, something that I'll have available moving forward, an incredible VIP offer. But I just like, was like every time I would think about it, and I would do all the strategies to come up with the sales copy and to write the sales copy. And so I think this is a great segue into kind of today's training. Is I'm going to talk about what I did to beat that, but I'm also then going to talk about today, the latest type of like ad creatives, that are working the best. So I think that there's just been such a shift in that I just started a brand new course. We just recorded the first lesson of it. It's not in the members area yet. It will be on Wednesday, but it's a brand new course. It's an updated 2025, 25 update for Facebook ads, a Facebook and Instagram ads course. And it's the, again, it's like it's going to kind of be a replacement to any of my past Facebook ads courses that I've done, just kind of an updated one, as far as that goes. So I'm going to be sharing a little bit of one of the later lessons in that course here for you, if you for those that have understood Facebook ads, you follow me for a while. You understand Instagram ads. As far as what the like the new style of AD is that we're doing, it's just like it's totally changed, because what was working for ads for like, three or four years has completely shifted. And I remember I actually like one, one of our, one of my students here, in in the program in here, um, identify. It to me. And I was like, wait, no, I don't think that's the case. I remember it was like months ago, somebody had come on a call, and I was like, they were like, nobody's watching. I don't think anybody watches ads listening to sound, they said. And I'm like, That's interesting. And then I noticed a shift that most of the ads now that I'm seeing. So the way that I look at ads is I look at what ads are running out in the marketplace as a whole. Okay, it's all going to make sense when I go back to what I was talking about in the beginning, because I need to kind of set up the story from the beginning on that. So I always look at like, okay, who's marketing to me online. Anytime I go out there to run ads, I take a like a pulse. I'm always taking a pulse. This is something that I trained myself to do years ago. What ads are running, advertising campaigns that are running on Facebook and Instagram, that are trying to get me to to click, that are trying to get me to sign up, that are trying to get me to become a client. Now, something else I've discovered, and I actually realized the difference between Instagram, Facebook and even Tiktok ads a little bit. I'm not going to touch necessarily as much on Tiktok ads, because I think there's a whole new style of ads for Tiktok. I want to start testing out where you use AI to actually generate like characters. I'm going to show you what an AI character ad looks like here in just a sec. But it's like, you gotta be very careful how you use it. The reason why is Tiktok. You can't watch Tiktok muted. I, like, just discovered this. I realized you can turn your volume down, but you can't, like, scroll and mute it. So most people watching Tiktok are listening on Instagram. Most people are scrolling Instagram and Facebook with the videos muted. So that's a difference even in how the platforms are used, which is a big difference. Okay, all that to say there's a new style of ad that I see that's running, and there's and they're different across the different platforms. I'm going to be teaching you here today what those different styles are. I'm going to show you examples, and I'm going to show you, they're a lot easier to create. And what's great is this, here's the really cool part about ads. Ads, for like the most part of our of advertising is I use AI for most of it, because where I put my work and I just, I just wrote, I think, like, three sales letters this week. I wrote one for some clients. I wrote this one for myself, where I put a lot of my effort. My work is the sales copy that actually goes on the landing page itself. And again, when I talk about effort, I'm talking about, I have a two step process for writing sales copy. Basically, I write it on one day, I go to sleep, I wake up the next day, and I edit it. That's my two step sales copy process for landing pages. Okay, so landing pages. When we're talking about landing pages versus ads, there's a difference. Let's just explain this. Let's get this out of the way. This is a landing page right here. This is a landing page, okay? This is a page where I'm sending people. There's copy on it and text. If I'm running an ad, the ad copy is going to be like this right here. There's either sidebar ads or you have in the feed ads right here. And again, you'll notice, look Instagram and Facebook, almost always the ads are muted. Okay, let's go over to Instagram, cuz I because I'm really optimizing for Instagram now, more than, more than anything else, when it comes to how we want to do our ads, Instagram first, and then I can run it on other platforms. I'm going to optimize it for what I see on Instagram, because that's where the majority of people actually are. Let me pull up this number here. I

[150:44] Speaker 2: go, or 921,

[152:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, so an Instagram ad, again, is when you're scrolling the feed on Instagram and you see and you see an ad. There's my mom right there. She's showing 42 years between those photos. That's pretty crazy. That's awesome. That's actually pretty incredible. Really incredible. I like how she did that. That's so cool. Yep, that's my mom right there she is. That's incredible at that. Alright, so ads right here on Instagram, again, muted. It's a little bit of text. We're going to use AI to come up with most of what is in our ad. So what I do is I use like aI assisted to write my sales copy. This is going to this really is what resonates right here. And I want to show you something when it comes to the ads, okay, this is very important that you get this when you see an ad that's running. When I show you the ads that I'm running, there's not a lot of details in the ad. They are based on a split second decision that somebody has to make a decision. Okay, this is an ad right here, split second decision like not even relevant to most of us. We have a split second decision to decide. This is kind of part, part of the new style of ads that we're looking at. Like this a split second decision where somebody can decide, is this for me or is this not for me? Your ad itself is for people to do one thing i It's for other people to identify that it's for them and to decide that it is that they're the right type of person, and for the algorithm to show it to the right type of person. Your landing page is for the algorithm to show it to that person, but then to help that person make the right decision. So often times, that's why we put different like bullet point sections on our landing page. We talk about what, what it's not, what it eliminates. Talk about different testimonies on our landing pages. I specifically, because we are coaches and mentors, I put photos of me throughout the landing page. I would highly recommend this, putting photos of you, and then maybe photos of like one or two photos of your target customer, what they might look like. This is an AI generated photo right here of a target customer. I have testimonies again. This is also kind of like what my target customer looks like. So I got photos of me, a video of me at the top there, and the copy helps people make a decision that this is for them, that this is what they're looking for. But my ads itself are very, very different. I'm going to show you that, but I want to go back to the story that I was sharing at the beginning. How many of you have run? How many of you have run into writer's block when it comes to writing your sales copy or your landing pages? Pretty common, because it's like, okay, what do I put what do I put down? What I did was I decided to try something that I remember I used to do, and I don't know why I hadn't done this in a while, but the other night, I was washing dishes when there was nobody else around, and so I set up the voice recorder on my phone, and I literally recorded myself for 25 minutes, 25 minutes and and I was I was having writer's block over coming up with the sales copy for my VIP offer for the last month and a half. I every time I go to sit down to write the offer, I literally have the biggest like I can't do it, even though I know what the offer is, even though I know what to say, even though I'm I'm the expert at writing sales copy, and I write sales copy for myself and other people. I had this incredible writer's block over writing the sales letter. I couldn't get the words to come out. So I know what it's like, because I experienced it too. But what I did was, the other night, I finally got it done. I put the voice recording on my phone. I turned voice recording on while there was water running, while I had I was doing the dishes, there's clanking around and everything, like just it's not a recording that I would send to anybody, but it's for, it's specifically for the artificial intelligence to give me a head start on the offer. So I did was while I was washing dishes, because it's an activity that I have to do, that I'm doing, that is my mind is not necessarily as focused on writing sales copy. So it was able to get me out of the writer's block by doing something else. And then I was able to dictate into my phone, okay? I was like, I'm going to be writing a sale sales letter. And I dictated, like. An opening prompt for the AI in the beginning as well. What that opening prompt might be, what I might be saying at the beginning. And then I just started talking to the AI about, yeah, you could even do this in the shower. Literally, you could turn on your voice recorder while you are in the shower. I I can set my phone. I've done that too. I can set my phone in the shower like this. I used to do it in the hot tub and swimming. Now that my son is a little bit older, I can't go swimming in my pool without him wanting to go swimming. So it's like, different routines I'm finding my routines have had to shift. So that time for me, where I have this sort of like, I come up with my best ideas for business, I find is when I'm washing dishes, which is very interesting, I'm washing dishes, nobody's around, and it usually takes me about 10 minutes of just washing the dishes, and I start getting all these ideas for my business. So I'm like, Okay, this is cool. This is great. So I pressed the voice recorder and I just started dictating the ideas for the for the VIP offer I just started dictating into my phone the ideas for sales, copy, for headlines, for how I want to express it, how I want to communicate it. By the way, you want to know what this looks like. It's like the most incongruent, not even cohesive. Barely can understand me version of audio. I'm sitting there, I like, I'll talk, I'll say a headline, and then I'll continue washing dishes for like, two minutes, and it's just silence. You just hear the dishes, and then I'll say some more lines and stuff like that. That's why the voice recording was 20 minutes long, because I was just, I was just dictating the ideas for the sales copy into my phone. And then what I was able to do is I was able to take the transcript of that voice memo, transcribe it, and copy the transcript text into AI and have it take this 20 minute transcript, which, by the way, it wasn't actually a lot of text, because, like I said, there's a lot of pauses in there, a lot of line breaks, things like that. But it was able to literally go in, take that and what it what it created for me in like one shot, was like 80 to 90% of the way they're done, ready to go, ready for me to start editing this week for the sales copy. So again, if you're running into writer's block for your sales letters, you don't know what to say. You don't know how to explain it, things like that. Figure out some activity that you're doing that you're going to do for like, at least 30 to 40 minutes that you always do. That's routine for you. That's kind of mindless, and it's usually like an activity that you could probably watch a TV show while you're doing it. Could be folding the laundry, could be taking a shower, could be or you could listen to a podcast while you do it. I love listening to podcasts or watching TV shows or stuff like that while I'm doing the dishes. I get I like I got through the whole TV show of Yellowstone. My wife was like, blown away. I got all through all five seasons of Yellowstone. I never watched it before. Got through the whole TV show. Incredible show, by the way, in like, like a month just by kind of like, okay, one episode a night while I was washing dishes, one or two, you know, then I would, I would go to bed and I'd like watch the rest of the next episode.

[296:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, again, if I'm consuming content, I found that my brain works in two different ways. When I do this, if I'm consuming content, I'm going to be sucked into that content. If I'm not consuming content, what I'll notice is like my I start to get a little bit of anxiety. My thoughts are going like this while I'm washing the dishes, stuff like that. But then they'll start to focus in on something. And what I try to do is I try to prime myself, and I know that I want to use this to write sales copy. I'm going to prime myself and say, Okay, I'm going to wash dishes, and I'm going to use this to write sales copy. And as the ideas start to come in, I'm going to press record on the voice recorder. So that's just, that's one idea that I would really give you, like, if you're running into writer's block for your sales copy, is, is do that I used to do it where I would go for walks or I would play video games. I don't go for walks as much. I don't have long video game sessions as much. Now that I have two kids, having one kid was super easy. Having two it's like, it's a different lifestyle. It's a different life. And now I understand, you know why everyone's like, how do you have time to play video games and have kids? Well, when you have two kids? Yeah, I understand now. I'm like, okay, I get it. Time is so much more valuable to me. I value it so much more. So I'm going to utilize whatever time I have. Washing the dishes is one of those times. And so that's just a great way to come up with writing sales copy, and then we take our sales letter and. And we bring that into the AI to help us write the ads. So that's why what I like to do for sales letters is, I like to dictate, write up some lines, come up with some ideas AI assisted. I maybe use like 30 to 40% of what the AI creates for my sales letter. It gets me started. It gets the ideas rolling. It gets the thoughts rolling. But what I then end up doing is I end up maybe it'll write a headline or two for me, and then I will get into a flow where I start typing the rest of it on my own, and then if I feel stuck, I'll copy it in, and I'll say, finish it like I'm going to show you something real quick. Watch this. I'm just going to give you all some examples of how this works. Okay, share. Let's say that we're going to pull up Claude right here. Let's say I copied, like, just this much of the sales letter right here. That's as far as I got, right there. And I'm going to say, take the following sales copy and finish writing the sales letter for me. So this is one idea that I get. Let's say I only came up with like that much of the copy so far. I'm going to have the AI, then go in and start to finish writing it for me right here. And this is actually incredible, how close to my final output it was able to create by telling the AI to go finish it for me. I do that when I write emails. I do that all the time. It's like, I'll write up maybe a headline and a story section, and then I'll tell the AI, Okay, finish this for me. Now, I'm not going to use all of what it finished, but I'm going to pull ideas from what it's finishing for me. I'm going to pull these ideas out, and I'm now going to use those and edit them and tweak them for that. So that's like, that's one way of doing that when it comes to the ads, when it comes to ADS, I use a very simple process where I'll copy the sales letter. That's why you always want to have like your sales letter written. First, I'll copy the sales letter, and I'll say, generate me four versions of PAs sales copy, and then convert these into four texts for Facebook ads. And I'll say Facebook ads, because it doesn't necessarily identify Instagram ads as much, but we use the same text for Instagram ads, and so it's going to go in and it's going to generate us some versions of PAs copy right here. And so this is what I use like for most of our Facebook and Instagram ads. For the text, as I will literally just have it convert my sales letter into pas copy, which stands for problem agitate solution. So I'm reverse engineering something that I already wrote some sales copy right here into problem, agitate solution framework, and now that becomes, there's these four different versions, and that's going to make it into a Facebook ad. So it's going to convert these pas versions into Facebook ads. And this is, this is great text for Facebook ads right here. Tired of Instagram ads training your wallet, this will be targeted towards somebody who's already running ads that are that are failing, struggling with ads that flop, and budgets that vanish, ads not attracting your paying clients. Stop wasting money. Sick of guessing your way through Instagram ads without reliable sales. I like this one a lot, right here. Okay, so that's like what I'll use for the text, as I always just go straight into using the AI for my copy for my ads, which is why a lot of the effort that I put into the majority of the effort that I put into creating a campaign just has to do with these three things. Number one, the the landing page itself. Number two, whatever presentation that I'm delivering. So like I promised, a 42 minute class right here. I need to make sure I record that 42 minute class. I need to make sure that it's really good, and then whatever my follow up is to that my follow up emails. When it comes to the ads, I do not spend a lot of time writing ad copy. I just have the AI write the copy for me and it and it works. And that's and that's working really well for ad copy overall. Okay, now, when it comes to the type of ads that work, we got to think a little bit more outside of the box here, and I'm going to show you the type of ads that I'm running that are, that are working really well. I'm. Okay, so number one, here's one type right here. I type this out in iCloud, and it has a headline. It has I know that a lot of people want to know that something is updated, so I put that in there, and then it has a call to action right there, getting new clients every single day with simple, low cost Instagram ads. Okay, here's another one right here. Instagram ads, getting clients under 50 cents. This is like Facebook ads back in 2014 all over again, brand new strategy. Comment The word simple to get access. So again, this style, it's a graphic, but the graphic has a lot of text in it, but it has enough text that it's not too much, that it grabs people's attention. So here's one example right here that we could use. I'm going to show you this. I want to reverse engineer this type of ad right here for you. We're going to copy this and we're going to convert this type of ad into some different styles. Let's say that you do.

[426:05] Speaker 5: Here it is,

[427:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I want to write some copy for a image ad that grabs people's attention, or a health coaching offer to I'll just do it for my like my mom's business that helps women over 40, but their hormones balancing and menopause.

[437:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take the following sales copy, sales letter, and use the attached image as a template for this type of ad. We're going to go over here. We're going to grab we're

[446:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, interesting, oh, you know, I we're

[450:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna just grab this one, right, so

[452:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's gonna use the image to generate us. So let's see hormones driving you crazy after 40. This is not just getting older, okay, this is a bit too long. Can you write it into just four lines, like the image that was the image that was attached. So sometimes you gotta correct it and tell it, hey, you didn't do what I asked you. Do it again. Okay, struggling with hormones after 40 finally, balance your hormones and feel amazing again. Diet, hormones, peptides, all in one place. Comment, yes, for $40 off. Okay, that's that's decent. Let's let's write it more about the results that someone would get from using this offer. And the comment code is menopause to get access, not the discount. Okay, so again, I'm vibing with the with the copy and having it sort of rewrite it. Put it over 40, feel energized, confident and balanced. Finally, lose weight, sleep better and thrive through menopause. Expert coaching, comment, menopause to get access. Okay, let's go even deeper into the outcome and really get bold with a promised outcome. All right, let's see what goes boom, 40 and up. Get your energy, body life back, wake up, refresh. Drop the weight. Feel confident. It thrive through menopause. The balancer, okay, great, but better than you did in your 30 so that's kind of what I would do, right there is that type of text. You could put that into a note. I mean, I could even, I could even screenshot this screen right here, inside of Po. And maybe what I would do is, instead of dark mode, we could do light mode. So I could screenshot this right here and actually run that even as the ad. So I was able to screenshot that image, and now that image itself could be an ad that we could run right there. That screenshot it you could also like write it in an in I message. That's what that's what I liked that I was able to do. I was able to write it in iMessage. See

[498:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: my phone i

[502:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: i face ID on my phone. I'm on a Windows computer, so I log in iCloud through the browser. This way, what I could do. They go in here, type this up and then play with the size of the text. Like, I could make this a headline right there. So, like, that's why, that's why I like the Notes app for this is you can adjust the size of the text. You can adjust the you can highlight it with different colors. If I do it on my phone, I can even highlight different colors and things like that. So if I'm on my phone, I can select it.

[517:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll show you this a sec. I can do it from the computer, but I can select on my phone, select it to highlight it. And so then it was able to highlight, like, the text at the top there in in pink. And so like, that's one version of how you could create ads that way. Really simple, yep. And then another version is you could take this same copy and you create some kind of a video of you doing something, try out, test out a few different videos. See what resonates. So we did that with my mom, or I had her record me over 20 different videos. We found what resonates the most for these ads is usually her lifting weights for her ads. So it's gonna be different for different stuff. So if she's lifting weights like this, these are working really well for the ads. It's some kind of activity, and you put the text over the video. And you could do that right inside of Instagram. You just copy the text over the video

[542:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: of you just doing something. And even that style of of of uh, content is working really well, even more than just like a talking head, you'll notice a lot of the content on my mom's Instagram isn't her talking, it's, it's a lot less of her talking, and a lot more of these, like the Text is over the video. So that's, that's that reads. Well, I tested out different styles for mine. Weirdly enough, I always made the joke, like, you don't have to dance. Oh, let me. Let me share my screen here for you. Let me all mentioned that the screen wasn't shown.

[554:54] Speaker 0: So you're probably wondering what was going on.

[556:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so the style is like this, where you're actively doing she's actively doing something, and then the text is over the over the image. So. Uh, so you could take the same text from the out from the iCloud note right here, and that becomes the text that you put over the image, over the video. So you don't even have to, like, rethink it. You can just take the same text right here and put that over a video and then run that as an ad. And so that's what I found for mine, was the ones actually worked really well were where I took the text. And I I always read the joke that, like I didn't want to dance on my social media, but I found that this one seems to do really well. So I'm like, okay, if I'm at the swimming pool and I just gotta kind of smile and dance and do that, I'm okay with doing that to attract the kind of clients that I'm looking for. That's okay. You don't have to. But just like, if you're doing something, something active, also playing with the kids, works as well. But what, what's not reading as well with ads is these types of, like talking head type of where I'm just talking on camera type now, I still make that type of content because it helps nurture my audience, but it's really this, these two styles right here, where you have an image with text on it, or you have some kind of A video that has text over the video, where you're doing something actively, where you're actively doing some kind of, when I say actively, like, I mean, like, you're moving around, there's motion. You're moving around in some way. It could be as simple as this doesn't mean just walking up to the camera. So this style right here, again, it has the three lines, you have the outcome, you have the and let me, let me see if the AI can help us kind of reverse engineer what this is, this is what I'm curious on this one. I know that the top part is an outcome. Hey, review the copy in this image and tell me what you would call the format. The top is the call. Is the outcome, the bottom is the call action. What would you call the middle portion? So

[598:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: uh, the value proposition, or the core Promise? Okay, yeah, so we have value proposition. Let me try. Let's see what it would call this one right here. It's a little bit different. What about the middle section of this one. This is how I use AI all the time. I like, I don't, I don't need to know what I would call it, but I need to so contextual hook or an intrigue builder, okay, so that's where in the middle part you would use that. And so that's how we might prompt this. Uh, write me two prompts to generate written copy similar to the above images.

[613:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. Prompt one, write a high converting social media post for entrepreneurs want to scale the post, follow the following structure, outcome, start with a bold statement, the desired result. Number two, value proposition, a clear benefit, perfect. And then a call to action. It's a micro sales letter. That's what it is. It's a micro sales letter. Make sure the tone is conversational, engaging and motivational. This is great. Uh, bold question or hook intrigue builder, call to action. Okay, so we're going to basically use these two styles, and now let's try to write some ads using like these two prompts. Let's try that out. I could add this to my prompt document as well. So I bet these two would work really good. I'll go under ads and We'll add that under advertising. I'm

[636:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: there'll be, yeah, those would be two different styles she could test. Okay, great, let's copy this prompt, and I'm going to go over here. Okay, great. I'm. We're going to say, write that. Use the following sales letter as context. Letter, sales letter. And what you just saw me do is I actually was able to use the AI to write me a prompt that actually now can do the work that I was doing more manually to get us there. We were able to reverse engineer it by telling the AI to write us a prompt. Hey, here's an outcome, okay, if you want to. So make it shorter copy that can fit on an Instagram image. Tired of feeling drained, overwhelm or stuck, it's time to reclaim your energy and confidence, get access to tools expert advice to feel like the best version of yourself. Comment and powered below. I'll send you the details. So yep, that that could work. That could be a style that we would do for that. Okay, see, write me four versions of this with really punchy, short text. Ready to wake up energized, confident and unstoppable. It's time to balance your hormones. Sleep Better. Feel amazing. Comment ready for details. Feel like your best self again, strong, confident, full of energy, no more guesswork, just real results. So what helped was I told it to to like, write it really, really punchy. I could add that right there to the end of this prompt. I'll just like literally tell it to write that at the end of the prompt. Write me four versions with really punchy, short text, and then that can do that. Okay, let's try a version with this. Now. Let's try a new version. This is the other style.

[676:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now let's use the sales letter as context. Apologies if I'm going fast through this. It's just because I already had it up there. Okay, sick of feeling exhausted and stuck. What if it was your best time of life? Women everywhere can wake up feeling so you'll notice it is writing it like a bit long. The text is a bit lengthy. So again, I can say, Okay, make the text a bit shorter and more punchy. Can literally just tell it to do that. Menopause, more like power. Years, hormones, peptides, sleep acts, unlock energy, confidence in your best self, struggling with energy, weight or sleep, not your fault, balance your this one's great, right here. So that's a great, great one, right there. So that's one thing that you'll that you'll notice is you just might need to tell it to make it a bit shorter or more punchy. He'll do this. But now we could test these different forms of copy over the 20 different videos that I have and see which ones of those convert better the different videos that I have for one of my mom's campaigns, and that's the same thing that I was able to come up with, even like for for my own campaign. If I was to take this Instagram ads class and do the same style, okay? And maybe I'll, maybe I'll run these later. I here. I'll take this, I'll go use the following sales letter for context.

[702:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like doing that. Use the following sales letter for context, and putting it within brackets at the top, sales letter and then brackets at the bottom, because it helps separate it out from the actual prompt that I gave it. To do that, okay, let's do version one is right here.

[708:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see what this comes up with based on my sales copy. Want to wake up with new leads and sales every day without stressing. Let's see. Okay, write these a bit shorter and more punchy, $10 a day. Instagram ads equal 10k months, no burnout, no guesswork, just simple ads and track clients. Great. Ready to wake up to sales every day. My $10 a day my $10 ad systems helping entrepreneurs crash 40k months struggling with ads that flop. Let's fix that. Yep, that's awesome. So those would be some styles right there. Let's try the other style of AD. I'll put this one. I'm. Uh,

[722:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Instagram ads getting clients. Oh, look at that. It actually wrote the ad. Oh, you know why? Because it was an example that it gave it, that's why, because that was the example copy. So it was able it, okay, yeah, I'm like, Whoa. And actually wrote the copy that I wrote. Well, it's because that was in the example itself. So that would be why, right there. It wasn't that smart. Shorten these and make them more punchy. It's funny. Let me have that note. You might have to prompt the output to to get the final Instagram ad output. So I want to put that in there, right there for you. So you kind of have that, and you can follow that right there under advertising. To use these for Instagram ads, I'll tell you, you're going to get like, 80% of the way there with your Instagram ads, just doing this style right here, $10 a day ads, bringing in 40k a month. Yes, really. Coaches using this strategy to scale big kind of as a flop. Let's fix that so. So then what I might do is I might take this copy. I'll record it. I can put it on a I can put it on a note like this, on like a an iOS note on my phone. I could literally just copy that text, put it on there, take a screenshot that would look something like this.

[751:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, okay, let's make this a Headline. Headline title. Make it in orange. We'll select this. We'll make this be in blue, underlined subhead. Okay, there you go. And then I can screenshot that, crop it down to right here,

[760:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: and run the final image. It's not

[761:36] Speaker 0: pulling up very well. I I

[765:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: could run the final image like that as the ad, and then I could take that same text, put it over a video, exact same text, put it over a video, and I actually like using Instagram's text editor, so I might make a real Instagram reel right here. Okay, here's a video for a real right there. And then I would add some text. Hold it down, press paste. If I select it, I can change the colors. Going to select the colors I want it to be.

[780:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: We go. And that's how you can, like, create this style of of video ads and Instagram ads and do that, and that's working really, really well, much better than the talking headstyle If you do the video, the only one thing that I would say is the music you can't use like music on Instagram that you get from real Artists, so you got to use different royalty free music. I'm using a an AI music generation tool called suno that was able to help create like different types of AI generated music right here, suno.com that's what I was playing around with. So it's, I think it's like 10 bucks a month, and you can, you create a bunch of songs and use those for that, and then they'll let you run the ad. Because you can't use real songs for ads, they'll just mute it. Is the problem. So that's why you can use some royalty free songs, or there is some music in the ads manager that they'll pull up, that it'll let you, like replace the music and stuff like that. So, all right,

[804:38] Speaker 6: let's see I'm

[806:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so I just want to, I wanted, I wanted to share this with you, because that's, that's what I'm doing, to test out different ads, test out different copy, test out different hooks, test out what visual is working. And what I love about it is it's it's a lot less, there's a lot less pressure for me to have, like, the right perfect vibe on video, or to say things in the right cadence. That works, because I can, I can brainstorm, and I can keep it very to the point very punchy to make, to make an it is just like making an Instagram reel, making a reel that I could then run as an ad. There's no audio of me talking, there's just text over it and running that. And we tested this out as well with over $70,000 we spent on ads with with Rick Pino as well for one of his offers. The same style of just text over a video ad is what was converting to leads and clients. And so it blew my mind, like people weren't connecting with the like, Hey, what's up? You know, are you a coach? Are you a mentor? Would you like to join me in this training? No, they're connecting with a headline that they see on social media as they scroll. It grabs their attention. It grabs their attention, and it does that. So, okay, so the Tick Tock ads, and this is, if you, if you want to know about that, is a little bit of a different style for tick tock ads. I saved a couple of them. People are using this style called U G C A, I generated ads. So, like one of the companies that has U G C A, I generated ads is, real firm, and what it is is it's literally like aI images of people that have copy and an audio behind them. So it's the same type of like copy on the ad, but you can use AI to generate the the visuals of the person. And so the reason why people are doing that real firm is one of them. Another one is a make UGC. This one's really popular. The This one's really popular for, like, physical products, because it's like, it's like, having, sort of, like, an influencer that's talking about the product. And I thought about this, I was like, how would I use this for coaching ads? Because I can't make, like, I don't want to make fake testimonials. But I found somebody that was on Tiktok that was running a coaching ad, and what they did was the AI avatar would basically speak the headline like, Have you been trying to get clients with, with with Instagram ads, struggling to get clients this training will show you how it's not a testimony, it's not a anything that's like and so I could run ads with a number of different male or female influencers, like influencers that are AI generated, that could speak my headline through Tiktok, and it's all AI generated, and it has the like the visual above it. So this, this opens up like a whole other side of this that I I'm testing right now, I haven't fully implemented to where it doesn't always have to be my face. I could even use, like, AI generated influencers in my ads to do that. And so, like, one of the one of the one of the ads that I saw, it was, it was, it was brilliant because it was targeted towards people over over 50 that want to learn AI. And this is what it looks like. I challenge is the perfect it's this is, this is totally AI generated. So if you're someone

[874:15] Speaker 6: with no experience in AI, and you're wondering where to start, the 28 day AI challenge is the perfect way to begin. It's designed for people just like you, no matter your background, and gives you a structured plan to master AI step by step. In one week, you'll feel unstoppable. In two weeks, you'll have your strategy. In three weeks.

[880:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Uh, it's, it's so again, we're not saying that that's you or that, and you don't. If it's creepy to you, I'm sorry don't do it. But this is where a lot of like advertising is going women over 50, where it's like a, like a commercial.

[885:19] Speaker 2: 28 day. Ai challenge for beginners over 50 just 15 minutes a day.

[886:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is like one way to get people's attention for your offer. It's not for everybody, but it's definitely something that I'm that I'm testing out. I would rather make the ad be of Me. But what I do know is that if I can run with like many different faces of people that are AI generated, it might the lead cost might go way down, because then when people land on my landing page, they see it's my face, and they see it's me and all that, and they're connecting with that. So again, we're not, we're not like saying that, Oh, this is a it's not the answer, but it's something that there's a reason why I'm not teaching you how to do it, but it's one way that's starting to emerge in the advertising world, where we're where we're seeing people use AI generated video that will then speak out it not it doesn't have to be like an endorsement, because I think that that can be unethical, like, I don't want it to be like a fake testimony, but it could be just, literally, somebody who's speaking out the the headline or the copy. And most of the time, if you're scrolling on social media, if you didn't know that it was AI, you wouldn't notice it, and then you would just see the headline and the copy, and you would notice that. So that's just one way of doing that, but the two ways that I showed you earlier, with your own face is probably going to be a lot better for most of you, for most coaches and mentors, this style of AI generated video works a little bit better for like physical products. So it's like the AI is showing a physical product or something like that, or or for apps, let's say I'm marketing an app. It makes a lot more sense, even for apps too, it's it's a little bit awkward for like coaches. So anyways, alright, I want to take some questions here. I can review some of your content, your copy. We can go over some different things, and we can talk about any of what I talked about in here, anything that you want some clarity on. Just raise your hand and let me know.

[927:56] Speaker 1: Anybody

[928:22] Speaker 4: I can't find my hand. Raise. There

[928:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go. Yeah,

[929:28] Shonda Whitworth: and where did it go? I can't find it on the zoom thing. Oh, well, anyway, I got you. I don't have my camera on either. I'm in a different place. So alright, I'm on a new I'm on a new computer and in a different place. So anyway, my question is, you said that you have new Facebook ad training in the in our members area.

[936:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm creating a new Facebook ads training this month. Oh, you're creating it this month. So it's just started this week, so the training is not even uploaded in there yet. Okay,

[938:50] Shonda Whitworth: so we'll be seeing them show up in the Facebook group, then as you record them, yes,

[940:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: those will be in there this training as well, will also be in the members area under the weekly trainings.

[941:33] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, yeah, that's really good, because I know that so much has changed since I last ran ads. Can you so the difference between Facebook ads and Instagram ads, you still go through the Facebook business manager, right, right and yeah,

[946:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's changed the most is what type of ads are reading well, so like the styles that I showed here today, are more what's reading Well, as far as the ads goes, how you do the targeting and all of that, a lot of that has stayed the same, the pixels and all of that. However, they've moved a lot of things around. They've renamed a bunch of stuff, but, like, 90% of how we actually ran the ads is all going to be the same, um, the biggest thing is, like, some of like, where, where it exists, I would say right now is probably the ads manager is a lot easier to use than it's ever been. It's still super like, you need to, you still kind of need to be like a mini rocket scientist figured out. Yeah, but it's easier than it has been. So that's why I wanted to make a new course, because I wanted to just kind of make sure it's updated, and then also talk about this new style. Because all my other ads courses were teaching what we were doing, where we were like, Okay, we're going to be a talking head, talking verbally, talking about our offer. And now I will say, like, that's probably not what's converting now,

[967:44] Shonda Whitworth: well, I'm excited about the new style that is converting that you're saying, because I've not really mastered the talking head part. I just feel like I come across

[972:16] Shonda Whitworth: are you? Am I still here? Did I lose you're here? Okay, so I feel like, with the talking head, I'm not ever mastered that, every time I do a recording and try to do that, it just feels, feels weird to me, and so the

[976:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll say this, ads are always going to feel weird. Ads are never going to feel great because they're not authentic. Ads are inherently inauthentic because an ad that is authentic doesn't work. That's the problem. An ad that because it's supposed to get attention, it's supposed to grab somebody's attention very quickly. The authenticity can come across in your presentation, in your follow up emails in your even your landing page probably isn't going to be the most authentic, because there's a structure to it, but ads in general are almost always inherently going to feel awkward almost almost all The time. Yep, all right. So I can't tell you a single ad that hasn't felt awkward that I've ever done.

[993:51] Shonda Whitworth: Well, that's good to know. I'm glad to know that that it's just going to be awkward. So that landing page that you were showing with the short video that was probably on the landing page, was that like a two to three minute video that they sign up and it takes them to the 42 minute video? Is that what that was?

[997:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. So the landing page that they're landing on now, and this is also something I realized, because we are not talking in the ad itself, I now have a quick little video where I'm going to talk to them right here on the landing page. So we kind of moved the video over here, where we're going to grab their attention on the ads platform. We're going to have a quick little video on the landing page where they can hear from me. This is like 37 minutes long, so this is almost kind of like the types of ads that we used to run. I now put it on the landing page,

[1006:16] Shonda Whitworth: so that's so that's a 37 minute video, 37 second. Oh, 37 seconds. Okay, so it's just real short, yeah, it's just 37

[1008:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: seconds telling them to read the page and sign up. That's literally all I'm

[1010:30] Shonda Whitworth: doing, not even, not even the two minute video. No. Okay, yeah. So just something real short, real quick, and then that promises to take them to the other training, which is part of your evergreen funnel,

[1013:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah. So then the next training right here is, and this one's, this one's working really well. This is my best evergreen campaign that was working, yeah. So it takes them. Here, you did it. Watch these two minute instructions. And actually, this is only a 28 minute video. So it says, Take two minutes. Take two minutes and follow these instructions. So yeah, okay, and now you do check your email. Basically, I want them to go check their email, because I want them to give me a legitimate email address, not a spam one.

[1023:43] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so you leave, you have them go to their email to check it before they can watch the video, yeah, so

[1025:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: they can actually watch the training until they go check their email. Oh,

[1026:33] Shonda Whitworth: that is a good step. And is this, is this step in the Evergreen funnel training? Yeah,

[1028:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. And that's in

[1028:39] Speaker 4: the members area,

[1028:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep. And then the email that they get is going to send them to go actually watch, watch the training.

[1031:30] Shonda Whitworth: And do you have that locked somehow, so they can't just share it or,

[1032:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, I don't worry about that. They can share it all they want. I don't care. Okay, so

[1033:52] Shonda Whitworth: if somebody said they send the link to somebody, they can share the link and, you know, oh, yeah,

[1035:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: not A, not a big deal. Okay, yeah, they if they share it with somebody Great. So now here's the 42 minute training that they get sent an email. So like the email looks it's kind of like this. So free, Instagram ads, class. Some stoked that you're here, ready for you to grow your business. You have three days to watch the training before it expires. There's another thing, I created, a deadline funnel with an expiring an expiring date on that okay as well, and then just kind of reiterates bullet points about what's taught

[1045:19] Shonda Whitworth: in the training that creates a sense of urgency for them. Well, it

[1046:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually motivates people to watch it, because if I didn't do the three days, I'd have maybe five to 10% that are going to watch the training. By doing the three days, I usually get about 30 to 40% that watch it. So that's almost four times as many people actually watch the training.

[1050:41] Shonda Whitworth: Alright? So then they're watching it, and then they're making a decision from the decision from there. And you said you're having really good conversions. Yeah,

[1052:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's working really well, yep. All right.

[1053:59] Shonda Whitworth: All right, that's my next step to get into this training and start implementing this. All right, so

[1055:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is an evergreen one right here, um, and then I have a new evergreen training that I'm going to be launching as a new offer. Once I, once I get it finished, I'll I'll switch my ads over, and I'm just going to kind of rotate between, like, four or five different evergreen offers. My goal is I'll rotate between Instagram ads, how to build an evergreen funnel, how to start a group coaching program that makes six figures and how to run Facebook ads as well. So we'll do a Facebook and an Instagram ads one, and then once I rotate through those, I'll run a paid challenge to all the people who signed up on that funnel, and I'll have people pay like seven bucks to join me on a paid five day challenge. I'm going to do a five day this next time, and I figured out how I want to do it. The first four days are going to be pre recorded, and then the last day is going to be a live Q A, so I'm going to show up for live Q A on day five, and days one through four are going to all be pre recorded, and so I'm going to build anticipation towards get your questions answered on day five. I'll sell them on day three and four, and then I'll also sell throughout the Q and A and it'll be a paid challenge,

[1076:27] Shonda Whitworth: okay, so it's gonna be a $7 paid challenge, yeah,

[1077:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: but it'll just be marketed to the people who've come through my evergreen funnels and retargeted. Okay, so the Evergreen funnels are getting new people in. For me, it's like the the new evergreen funnel right here that I'm building is this one coaches and course, creators who refuse to choose between success and sanity, break free from burnout and build a 10 to 30k a month evergreen business in 10 hours a week. And so I talk about building an evergreen funnel right here, just 30 days from now. And so this was copy that I just wrote last week, right here, that we put on here, this will be my next evergreen. While I'm running, I'm using an evergreen funnel to talk about building an evergreen funnel. It's a good kind of a

[1091:34] Speaker 0: sequence, okay,

[1091:57] Shonda Whitworth: that's good. That's good. That really helps me get some clarity today. I appreciate that. So I'll be watching ads for people in my market and see how they're doing their video and their text ads like what you talked about today, I'm going to start paying attention to that I hadn't really been noticing. So thank you.

[1097:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, let's see us Sue or Karen, who Karen post her thing to review before Sue raised her hand. I don't

[1101:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: know who wants to go first.

[1102:02] Speaker 0: Does she want? I mean, does she want to go first? I can go all right, Sue.

[1103:49] Sue McGarvie: Oh, I just, I have a question about Tiktok. I I'm still working on that, and it won't be

[1105:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: long, and Tiktok is, is blowing up. It's blowing

[1106:32] Sue McGarvie: up. And really, is Tiktok. And I do an Instagram. I'm doing YouTube, um, partly because, although I'm edited on all of it, except

[1109:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: for you, you're crushing it on Tiktok, though, organically, it's going well. And

[1110:19] Sue McGarvie: in fairness, it's not really, it's more about the sex than the dating. So I haven't there you go, but I hear you, so I'm trying to, I'm trying to figure out Tiktok ads, and I'm trying to figure out, you know, you can't in Canada, you can't monetize it, you can't get a tick tock sales page. You can't monetize through tick tock sales. I don't know if you knew that about Canadians. Could

[1116:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: you do though, like a could you use many chat to send them to a landing page? I don't know.

[1117:52] Sue McGarvie: This is what I'm asking. I'm trying to figure out how to best monetize it, and you can't. And again, I'm limited by some some geography. Yeah, and I don't expect you to get because they're all saying that. The Canadian influencers who are saying they're making money on Tiktok, they're all doing it through brand awareness. And I'm starting to get those emails saying, hey, we'd love you, you know. And I think a lot of them are dumb because they're not relevant. But I was just offered, you know, 500 bucks to, you know, recommend some facial thing, and I'm like, It's not my audience, and I think it'll burn my audience if I do it, but it's starting, so I want to make sure I figure out how to how to manage

[1128:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: what they they dropped the many chat, uh, tick tock integration. Interesting. Okay, okay, thank you. You could do you could put an offer in your like, a link in your bio, yeah, to a single landing page offer that's a lead magnet. Okay? Attention to people like, Listen, if you want to get more you want to work with me on this, go, click the link in my bio, and now, because you have such viral, organic content that's free advertising. So you already have the algorithm on Tiktok giving you a lot of free stuff. And then

[1138:24] Sue McGarvie: I boost and then every now and then, if I've got a, if I've got a video that's going that's starting to really blow up, I boost it. And then I get I've had one's at 100k so that, yeah,

[1141:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: there you go. That's not costing you a lot either. Costing me

[1142:34] Sue McGarvie: a lot, if you just boost it. I didn't know if you had another suggestion on how to

[1143:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: so my thing would just be, it's really just about social psychological leveraging. Okay, you're you're basically using the fact that you got them as a captive audience on a video, we now want to redirect them to some offer that's off platform to give you an email address. Okay? And so that's, that's that's going to be in what you say verbally, what you show on the screen in the tiktoks towards the end of it, because you built the trust with them in the Tiktok. They're watching it. Now. At the very end, we can make a call to action as well and mention stuff like that, and then you can just boost that. And now that's an ad right there that's literally running through Tiktok. When you got a whole ad sequence right there, I

[1158:08] Sue McGarvie: didn't, didn't know if you knew anybody who's doing that, or tried it, or you've tested it, or you've thought about it. And I'm, you know, I'm going to continue with that strategy, but yeah, because I already have 75,000 people, so I don't

[1161:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: necessarily know anybody, but I've seen a lot of like pages that have done that, and I know that they mentioned their offers. I actually did have a client who I coached one on one. They got a lot of their leads off of Tiktok organically, without ads and and now I will say a lot of them weren't necessarily like, didn't convert to sales as well. That's what I'm finding. Was part of the problem. But if you can get the volume,

[1170:45] Sue McGarvie: then I can, then I can sell brand awareness. And what's also going on is they're going to podcast, yeah, now in the top 25 so I can build that, I can move in, so that just kind

[1173:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: of becomes a pipeline for you, yeah, because the algorithm is giving you this content, you're able to do that the and then the podcast. I don't know if you're doing anything on YouTube as well. Starting

[1177:45] Sue McGarvie: to we've now starting to film the podcast creation. Okay, before I know,

[1179:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: because I know YouTube will allow that content. It

[1180:08] Sue McGarvie: will, it will, yeah, so very that's the best one. So, okay, so I just didn't know if you had a plan for for Tiktok ads. There's a cuz

[1182:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's a really cool tool. Have you checked out vid IQ for YouTube? Vid IQ, never heard of it, so vid IQ, I started playing around with it. I like it. It analyzes your YouTube videos and your and competitors, and kind of comes up with, like, once you start putting content up there, right, coming up with ideas for, like, what titles for YouTube videos to create. Oh, I love that idea. And it comes up with like ideas for what to put in the thumbnail. And not expensive either. It's a very cheap tool. So I found a lot of what I was doing for YouTube ideas with AI. This tool does it automatically for me now, and so it was worth it. As while I am paying for another tool, it's very specialized, yeah, in the fact that it's giving me really good output information for what YouTube is going to prioritize. That's

[1196:54] Sue McGarvie: great. Oh, that's a great suggestion. Okay, I'll have a look at that. Yeah, you texted

[1198:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: the most popular tool, VID IQ is Vid

[1199:06] Sue McGarvie: IQ i Yeah, I've been reading all these books on I've. Finished one on Tiktok and finished one on YouTube and, and I'm a reader, so I'll just get the books, but I haven't heard of that. Haven't heard that one. Yeah,

[1202:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I like this, like, right here video ideas that's telling me, like, these are ideas for videos that I could pick one and now make, and then I and then it'll, it'll maybe take, like, one of these ideas and I can come up with, like, because

[1206:03] Sue McGarvie: then you can just throw them in AI and have them create the content or the script.

[1207:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, this is sort of does all that, okay, cuz then I put, then I

[1208:15] Sue McGarvie: put that in the big view, which is my teleprompter. I stopped the script ready to go, yeah?

[1209:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it does, it does most of that already for you. Yeah,

[1211:33] Sue McGarvie: cool. All right, that's great. That's a big help. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you, and thanks Karen for patience, yeah. All right,

[1213:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Karen, let's take a look at your

[1214:40] Speaker 0: that's a great tip, because I had gotten my my YouTube viewers up to like, it was like 4000 now it's down because I haven't been, I haven't been on there, but that would be interesting to to look at.

[1218:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so for for a page like this, I just, I really think, if we can compare it to like the pages that I have, I think it definitely needs more of like, more pictures of people okay, and less of like, okay is included, because a lot of this is great for further down the landing page, but it's Not pulling us into why this is something that we're that we want to sign up for. Okay, so again, what's missing is like the like the headline and the storytelling section. Okay, so a headline, storytelling section is like, kind of like this right here, or it's telling my story things like, that same type of thing, right, right over here for this Instagram, it's

[1234:56] Speaker 0: maybe a video, you know,

[1235:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you can put a view of you up there as well. I think that that would connect with people. Yeah, there's a video of you on the page, yeah. Okay. But that's, that's what's missing from this. I think what you have here now, this could get a little bit wordy. There's a lot of like, text here for them to read, as far as like, what's included. The problem with this is that people might make a decision based on a preconceived idea as far as what your program is about, and they might pre judge it as, oh, I don't want to learn any of that, or I don't want to go through this by seeing what the outline is

[1246:33] Speaker 0: okay that you

[1247:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: have. So they might decide that they actually don't want to work with you, because it's because of how you have this in an outline. So instead, you could just copy these bullet points, copy the bullet points, and kind of get rid of the like section and exercise parts and just have the bullet points be like, This is what we're going to work

[1252:48] Speaker 0: through. Okay, I it

[1254:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, and then

[1256:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would make this a little bit bigger, definitely have your price be a lot bigger. And I like to, I like to always finish a landing page or the photo of whoever the person is at the bottom of it, okay, so, like always putting some kind of a photo at the bottom of wherever somebody signs up. Put a photo

[1263:28] Speaker 0: view, all right, that

[1264:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: sounds kind of interesting. Is the person that you're paying. Yeah,

[1265:17] Speaker 0: yeah, okay, thank you. So again,

[1266:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: workshop details, what's included, what we what we need to pull up, though, is like, it'll go right in between here. The lot of what you have here is good to start with, with the exception of this section,

[1271:37] Speaker 0: okay? And then not enough photos of me. I don't even

[1272:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: have more photos. Add a video. Add in something that connects the dots with like a storytelling section and some kind of a headline that's that's more than just this is very informative, okay, but it's not in the persuasive side of things, okay?

[1279:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's where I got the top. Up here we have some kind of more of a more of a headline that's related to what the outcome of navigating loss and rediscovering hope is.

[1283:19] Speaker 0: Okay, all right, I'm learning story, right? Okay, thank you. Yeah.

[1287:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Other than that, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's actually like 80% like of this is great and to keep and is awesome. It's just the the the parts that pull people in to actually, like, get them to want to jump into something like this or missing. So we want to add those back into it. Yeah. All right. Chadha said, would a few hour masterclass be good if you don't have time for a challenge. So again, what I like to do for my challenges, I like to pre record the content, but, yeah, a lot of people don't have time to even go through those either. That's why we've been doing evergreen. But I found that it's that ever so often adding one in there does help with some great part of your ecosystem, a masterclass. It's a few hours long multiple sessions. It's the same concept behind it as doing a challenge. So yeah, you could sell a masterclass to people as well. That's a couple hours long that they could get access to. Instead of just hosting it like a, like a like a paid challenge. You can do it like a paid workshop, paid course, something like that, that they could get access to, but you would still follow the same kind of process that you would a challenge, because the purpose behind it would be, you would be using it to sell to people, whatever your main offer is. You would, you would be using it as a sales tool overall. All right, let's see any other questions. Anyone else in here? I

[1318:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: raise your hand. We got Tiffany. We got Ray Bridget Akiko Adele, Shonda, Sue, Karen, Chada, hey, Tiffany, what's going on?

[1322:53] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, hey, I don't have any questions, but I did have an amazing week last week, lots of breakthroughs and celebrating. I found my flow, and now what I talk about isn't so hard, and so it's just wanted to share that celebration. We got a new car last Tuesday. Awesome, my birthday, I had a conversation with the guy who was selling our car, and I posted in the Facebook group. I was like, Wow, I'm actually having a real conversation that's not with AI or Grog, and I got to actually hear in real time from a person what they're actually looking for with what I do. And so then, when he asked if I was going to go to different businesses and do what I do, I said, That's a great question. We'll come back to that another time. So, so, yeah, now I have more confidence. In this week, I'm going to get my landing page out there and learn ads,

[1341:22] Speaker 3: because it's time. Awesome. There you go. Yeah. So, thank

[1343:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: you. Let's see. I know Emma Dixon posted in the group. She posted a question. She's not on here right now, but I'm going to answer this right here, so I'll tell Emma. Let me see. Let me go find

[1347:31] Speaker 2: our I'm

[1350:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: uh, live stream in the group, okay, uh, at one hour and 22 minutes, I answered,

[1353:10] Speaker 5: okay, great.

[1353:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Currently running in Evergreen, offer have set up the ads gradually turning off the ones that aren't performing well. If I wanted to add some add some new ads into the mix, was the best way to do that. Seems that once Facebook says it's minor to add the ad set, it runs with that one doesn't show any of the others. If I want to trial a new set of ads, should I create a new ad set? Yeah. So if you are wanting to run a new set of ads, what I like to do is. As I will figure out what is like the one to two ads that the ads manager is running a lot of. I'll turn off all the rest, and I will, I will upload my new Ad into that ad set. Um, but I'll also, I think, yeah, creating a new ad set is another way that you can do that to kind of test it out to see if you can beat it that way, because it resets the algorithm. When you create a new ad set, you're resetting the algorithm to show that new ad set. Now what you might want to do is take your existing ad set, lower the budget down to $1 so you're not turning it off. And what that is, is that keeps it, if you're out of learning it, keeps it to where it's able to keep running the ad for you that way, okay? But yes, I, I will usually turn off all, but maybe one or two, and then upload the new ads. Or I will create a new ad set if it's not running any of those newer ads. The problem is, the reason I've never ran into it where it's not running my newer ads, but they're not they might not be performing better than the one that was already running. It's not necessarily that it has its mind on one particular ad. If that ad is performing better than the new ones that you gave it, it's not going to run those new ones. So that is also what you run up against, is that if the new ones aren't performing better, because I've had it the other way around, where, if my new one is performing better, it immediately switches over in the same ad set to that new one. So oftentimes, the way that the algorithm decides who, how often, is going to show an ad, it has this sort of format where it's going to show your ad to like a segment of people that are out there in the marketplace, and then from there, with the segment of people that are showing out there in the marketplace, it's going to see, are They? Are they watching it? So the first thing that the Facebook Ads Manager is looking for is eyeballs that stop whenever you run a new ad. This is what the ads manager is looking for, is, Are people stopping the scroll, stopping the scroll to look at the ad? So that's the first thing that any whether it be organic content or the or ads that it's looking for, does it stop the scroll. The reason why this new style of ads is working so well is because people are stopping to read them. They're reading the text. So it's telling the algorithm to keep showing that ad to people, because it's stopping the scroll, because people are reading. That's why this new style that's working really well with written text over some sort of moving video, is because it does exactly that. It stops the scroll. So that's the first step. Whenever you run a new ad, the algorithm is going to look for, is it stopping people from scrolling, and are they looking at it? If it's not it, the algorithm already knows it's not a good ad, because nobody is stopping to look at it, so it's just going to it's not even going to show that ad to people anymore, if it's not getting people to stop and look at it. The next thing is, are they clicking the ad? Okay. Is it getting more clicks per 1000 people? They're clicking on it more? Okay, that's even better. And then, is it converting to leads? If you're running it as a conversion campaign, we have the pixel set up to track. Is it converting to leads? And if it's converting to leads better than all the rest. Now we have a winner in there, and it's going to show that ad more often. I had a bunch of like, winning ads that were working really, really well, until I ran this one right here, and then this one ended up beating all the rest. And then it just showed, started showing it to this one, because this one started getting the best cost, because it was, it was getting the most amount of people to stop, look, take direct action. The algorithm is looking for direct action from people. If somebody is stopping scrolling to look at something, that is an action that they are actively taking, they are physically consuming the ad. That's the first stage that it looks for. Then the next stage is, are they clicking? Then the next stage after that is, are they actually filling in their name and email address and becoming a lead? And of all three of those, green light, green light, green light, trigger, that ad is going to start showing more than all the rest, especially if it's able to the way it decides how much it's going to cost for your ad is you're getting more percentage of people you. The for however often that it shows the ad to people. So if I'm getting more percentage of people that are becoming a lead based on how often it's showing my ad to people, my cost of my ad is going to be reduced because I'm getting more leverage behind how much they charge because they they are actually charged. They're not charging you per lead on the ads managers. They're charging you for every 1000 people they show the ads to. So you get charged for every 1000 people who see your ad. That's how it works now. And so then, out of that 1000 people that it shows it to, right, the algorithm is going to work to figure out the best case scenario of who those people are, how many of those 1000 people are stopping the scroll clicking, becoming a lead. And that's how it figures out who to show the ad to more often. That is the science behind how the algorithm works for ads for any campaign, and so our goal is over time. The reason why an ad stops working is because less and less people are stopping the scroll, less and less people are clicking the ad, less and less people are becoming a lead, and so that's why the cost that ends up going up, because it's they're still charging you the same amount per 1000 people. They also might be showing the ad to the same 1000 people that already clicked it, that already became a lead. So that's why you can exclude leads that you already generated as well. It's another thing that we want to do. And so then when all those things are combined, that's what decides who that shows the ads to, and how much they charge, how much you're being charged for lead, how many leads you're generating for your budget. You

[1472:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, see any other questions here today? Any other questions? It's funny. I'll tell you when I'm teaching ads, I'm a lot more on the logical slash aggressive side of my energy spectrum, which is interesting. I don't know if you guys like, like, if I sound like, I'm a little bit more aggressive today. This is kind of my vibe that I'm at whenever I'm talking about ads. Usually, alright, Sue, what's going

[1483:10] Sue McGarvie: on? I just posted in the in the chat. Just wondering, how often are you posting organically? How often you posting organically on Facebook, on Instagram? How often are you doing that, usually

[1486:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: once or twice a day, okay?

[1487:04] Sue McGarvie: And is it always sales, related ads, or, you know, is it? Is it part of that? You know that Gary Evander check guy, that one that goes the jab, jab, jab, hook. You know that I'm always worried about being too salesy, that I'm thinking I should be giving them good most

[1490:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: of my posts are just me like sharing a nugget of advice right here. Okay, so these are all so and I have a process now where, like, I record a quick video like this, I send it to my Filipino editor, and then they schedule it. They use AI to generate the description.

[1497:10] Sue McGarvie: But you do that a couple times a day, because I just again, I'm feeling very salesy, and I'm trying to think, Okay, should I give them three types of good content and then ask them for the sale, which has been some of the stuff I'm reading. I certainly, Russell Brunson is like that. So trying

[1502:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: to, I mean, I give content, content, and then I have, like, an offer right here, right? Okay, sale, I'm asking for a lead,

[1504:02] Sue McGarvie: right? Which is, but it is still pretty salesy. It is a sales message. It is asking for an Yeah, it's an offer. It's a It's, I mean, I think,

[1506:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think just naturally, yeah, that's how I post. It's probably like three or four, and then I'll do an offer three or four.

[1507:50] Sue McGarvie: But you do it, you're still doing a couple times a day,

[1508:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, one usually at least once a day. Okay, most of the time it's once a day. I also have, like, if I don't, because I don't always record them, I'll have a week where I'm not recording any so I have an account with Opus clip, where they go and they take my trainings. Opus clip, another one, Opus pro right here, and they're able to basically take my long form content and turn it into short clips.

[1516:03] Speaker 0: Wow. Okay,

[1516:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I have, I have them doing that as well, and it adds the captions and everything.

[1519:01] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah. So

[1519:24] Sue McGarvie: a lot of money. How strongly? How strongly would. Recommend that.

[1520:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I like it because I need, for the price, 30 bucks a month, I need the ability to tell my my team, hey, if I don't send you any content for like, a week or two, use this to go create videos. Okay? So they have that flexibility, all right, they have

[1528:40] Sue McGarvie: to do that. Yes, get that up. And it's, it's effective. They can do that. And all of a sudden it, would you do, like, a video, like, where we're just, you're just creating a video now a training? Would you take that and put that up?

[1532:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or, yeah, you actually could take a training like this and that, that was one thing I've been thinking about, is possibly taking trainings like this and testing that out too. Okay, it might. It might. And that actually might be better, yeah, uh, for the types of of clips that I'm create, that I need to create. I think it might be cuz

[1537:31] Sue McGarvie: I'm paying, I'm paying somebody $20 an hour to do Instagram ads and clips. So $30 from existing content may not be a bad idea, yeah, existing content. And then that's where I have

[1541:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: my gal in the Philippines, who's three bucks an hour, three

[1542:01] Sue McGarvie: bucks an hour. Yeah, wow,

[1543:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: that. And then, and so then she does like, 20 hours a week where she just clips the content and does all that for me. Okay,

[1545:26] Sue McGarvie: we're looking at your fine Filipino. What is your URL? Find Filipino.

[1547:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Online jobs.ph, online

[1548:08] Sue McGarvie: jobs.ph, yeah, because at $3 is cheaper than what I've got,

[1549:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah? Online jobs.ph, and so that's, that's what I'll do, is like, sometimes, like, I'll get in, I'll get really inspired for an organic post. I'll record it, and then I'll literally just text it to them in teams or WhatsApp with the actually, I should use whatsapp because quality would be better than that. Just, it's funny, I don't ever think about that, like when I'm like, normally doing it, but you have WhatsApp, but I can send a better quality video through WhatsApp. Okay? And then they'll go in and they'll add the text and stuff to it for me. Okay, so that's why. And then they schedule it for me too. So I don't even when it comes like my organic content, it's very hands off for me. Okay? I'm focused very much on my, on my offers and my ads

[1564:46] Sue McGarvie: and your one to one clients. Yeah, yeah, okay, that's that's actually really helpful. Jeremiah, thank you. I'll have a look at that, see what I can do about that, because I think I need to, I need to automate some more stuff. So, yeah, I'm not as busy as you with two toddler, toddler and an infant, but I am so busy. Okay, yeah,

[1571:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, that's, that's one of the keys I look at is like we're all busy, I think in our own ways. How do we how can we optimize and leverage our time to get more out of each hour that we have. What I love is the constraint of having the the toddlers is it requires me to optimize my life in business that it does. And so I will look at like,

[1581:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: certain things where, and this is where. This like my own mental battle where I'm like, Oh man, like, I'm not growing as fast as I wanted to in the last year, but I've actually developed systems in the last year that have sustained things and continued growth. So it's like, now that I have my I've actually developed my systems. It's taken me a while to do it, because I resisted a lot of systems, because I for the longest time, I was the one that did everything I worked. I would work 100 hours a week and just grind it out. Now I'm not able to do that, and I need to get sleep, because I'm also prioritizing sleep. So I'm I'm getting like, I'm going to bed usually, like, around around. Lately it's been, I've been going to bed around midnight and getting up at 7am so I'm getting seven hours of sleep, which is great. That's good a lot sharper. I'm not. I'm not. My wife says I'm a I'm an asshole if I don't get enough sleep. So I'm like, like, I hate, I hate when she has to say that to me. But it's like, she's like, You stayed up two nights in a row, didn't you? I. It's like, because you're being a jerk, like, really, like, okay, yeah, just like, just to be like, the happy, like, best version of myself for my family, my kids, my wife, my clients, everything sleep. And I'm not. I'm not in my 20s anymore, so

[1605:25] Sue McGarvie: none of us are Yeah, yeah. All right. Well, thank you, Jeremiah, that's a help. I I'm gonna put some of this stuff too. I think systems is the way to go. So yeah,

[1608:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go, alrighty. All right, y'all any any other questions. I really feel like all of us can get our businesses accomplished in the amount of time that we have. It's just about making tough decisions. And what I have found is that keeping my nervous system calm is the number one thing, because if I'm going into fight or flight constantly, it's not going to take me 10 times longer to get stuff done with the amount of time I have each day. So if I'm so so I I start to become relentless with, like, documenting instances where I start to become emotionally dysregulated, and then reverse engineering how to not become emotionally dysregulated in those situations. Just full transparency with y'all for like, the last like three months, putting the kids down to to bed was very emotionally dysregulating For me, and I finally, the last two weeks, have figured out how to not do that and not to be what's amazing is, is it wasn't it was beautiful because it wasn't dysregulating for my kids or my wife, but it was for me. So I was like, suffering in this, and now I figured out how and so, like, I'll tell you, like our I'm a lot happier. My brain is thinking a lot more clearly now that I figured out, okay, why was I getting so emotionally dysregulated? During the bedtime kids. And there's, I mean, there's, you know, there's a, there's a, there's a lot of reasons why, and then I figured out how to address those. And it's been it's actually been really great. It's been awesome. So I'm really happy with how things are going, and that on that side of it, and then that affects how I show up in my business. That affects, remember, I mentioned I had like, writer's block for my sales copy. Well, the emotional dysregulation was causing me to not have the creativity to think about how to write the sales copy better. So it's like it's all connected. I find having, like, having your nervous system being in alignment. It has a huge ROI to it, and sleep has a lot to do with that, sleep and what we eat. So that's the first stage I look at. Am I sleeping? How am I eating? And then, if those things are off, okay, what can I do to adjust those? And then I'll notice the other the other side becomes a little bit easier. So that's just a little, little extra tidbit. I think that can really encourage everybody. I know we all have different situations, but I think, yeah, calling it sleep hygiene management, yes, that's important. It really is important. And I didn't prioritize it for the longest time. I remember actually, I had a I had a client that I was coaching for a while, and she told me that she only slept, like, an hour a night. And I wish I could have helped her more, because I wasn't sleeping that much at the time, and I would have told her, like, let's address that a little bit before we even address like, your sales copy and your offers and your marketing. Yeah, I've, I have not had caffeine in a year. I do, I do notice sugar has an impact. I will say, probably had more sugar than I should over the last month or so. Cut whenever I cut that back, it's really helpful. So yeah, um, yeah, the caffeine has helped. I. What I find now is, if I have caffeine, I feel like I am super anxious and, like, just, like, afraid of everything. So, like, I tried, like, you know, those, like the Oli pop stevia sodas, I tried one of those that had some caffeine in it. Like, the other week, it was like 50 milligrams ago, and I just I felt so anxious for like five hours afterwards, whereas I've had the ones without caffeine, I don't feel that way. So I was like, that's crazy. How much that affects me once I've, like, gone off of it. So, but yeah, alright, y'all Any other questions before we wrap up here and and by the way, I don't share any of that stuff to like, judge anybody. I'm sharing that because I think that it can really help you guys, if we start to prioritize taking care of ourselves, like self care goes down to what we eat in our sleep, I think is important, and really prioritizing what helps our brain work well is is important so and you don't need to become like a a health or fitness not to to do all that either. So that's one thing I learned. I don't need to, like, just totally like, go all in on that.

[1703:11] Speaker 6: So alrighty,

[1703:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: y'all, I'm going to log off here. We'll do our Q and A next week. Have a fantastic evening. Yes, you as well. Alright, I'll see you all next week. Have a going bye, bye.

