Lesson 2 - AI Content Creation Made Easy
Date: 2025-09-09T17:21:59.000Z
Duration: 23 min
Otter ID: qrlMGSi-fDqQKhSldNpWVzNOc6E
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, all right. So in this video, I want to show you how to create a digital twin of yourself so that you can create graphics, images, videos. In the future lessons, we're going to show you how to use this method to be able to implement it into these different places that you don't have to take a bunch of photos of yourself to use in different instances. Now one thing I will say, again, real photography of yourself is still probably going to be better than just using AI for things. Okay, so that's that's to say that is that if you can get real photos yourself, that's great, but honestly, like, it's not always possible. And this is something that I really, I'm wanting to start to lean into as well, is using these AI tools to be able to do this. Now, there's two that are kind of out there right now that are really, I want to show you, and there was a method that's been taught for the last three or four months by different influencers online, some different famous courses that are out there. One of them I'll mention is the face forward course. A lot of people have gone through that one, and they've taken it, I'll tell you, I actually checked it out. They updated their method to the one that I'm going to be teaching you here. And this is actually the method that I found that I think is much easier, is much better for most people. And so I was actually surprised a lot of people were teaching a method that uses this tool called fal.ai now this is a very advanced platform using FAL, and I'm not knocking FAL, I think that there's a lot of value in it, and what you can do with it. But the method that that in particular, like I said, this really famous course called Face forward, they are showing everybody the one that I actually discovered that I felt was a lot was superior, in fact, and is working a lot better for most people to use in their businesses, in their their offers, their their graphics, their all those different details that they're putting together. And so the app is called Higgs field. Okay, Higgs field includes their Higgs field soul, which creates perfect visual representations in various different scenes. And by the way, you can literally design the scenes, and I show you how to do that in any way that you want. Of any character, you can either create an avatar which is somebody who's not a real person. So you could actually create an avatar of somebody, or you can create a character using their soul ID right here. And so, like, we actually created a character very not even like the right way to do it, and yet it came out really good. What I did was I went over, this is Sandy right here. This is again, my mom. Some of you all know who my mom is, and we had used this, and I just screenshotted images off of her Instagram. That's it. I just literally went through and started screenshotting photos off of her Instagram. Now the best way to do this is you're going to want to actually go through your camera roll and actually get high quality selfies of you in different styles and angles and things like that. Some of them have your full body. Some of them are more zoomed in. Photos of you at least 25 of them. Okay, and so this method, right here, it's so simple, is that you can gather those images, get them together. One of the best ways to do it either get it into a folder on your computer or into google drive somewhere, and then you go to create character. And again, you look, you can see they're showing you the types of images to use. These are kind of the style of selfie that works really good, where you can see your face clearly. These ones where it's kind of like, okay, you got your face covered, accessories, filters, group shots, things like that. Don't use those. It recommends, okay, nothing with pets, nothing with things like that. You as the only person in the scene, very clear shot, facial expression, things like that. So like, that's the only kind of rule of this. And then what you do is you go to upload images, and you literally just upload the image files. And it takes a little while for it to go through and do this. It'll create what's called a character. So like, I'm going to, later today, I'm going to create a character for me right here. I'm right here, but we created a character for Sandy right here. And what we did was the, here's the data set of images that we put up. Okay, average quality. So, like, it recommends, even if you do up to 70 images. These were the images that I used right here. Yeah. Okay, so they do, they do kind of fit like what it's looking for, but maybe the quality of the image isn't perfect, yet it still worked well. I would recommend the higher quality, the better. So then what you can do is you can use that to create any kind of image you have different and what I like is the general purpose style images, as you can do, where you go to generate under Higgs field, soul, okay, so we go to Image, create an image, and then what we're going to do is we're going to use a character right here. So right here, where it says character, you click on character, and then this is the style of scene. So like, if you wanted a very specific scene, like they have, they have these different scenes right here. You can choose these, or you can just choose a general style. General means that you can prompt it yourself. And so again, we select soul right there, okay, we have, and you can't use characters for like other types of image models, but with soul, you can select the image, you can select the dimensions, you can select the quality of the image, and then what I would do is, oh, this is cool. You can actually upload an image instead of a prompt, and it will actually model that image. This is kind of a newer method right here that it's using. So let's say that I go through and I say, let's see. Let's say woman on beach with family. Okay, no, let's not do a family, uh alone, because obviously having family is gonna be a little bit harder. Okay, let's see facing forward, and we're just using this for like inspiration for the images that we're creating. Here we go. Here's an image right here. This is a stock image. Yes, it has the filter on it. But if I screenshot this, when I save this, there's two methods for doing this. Number one, you can actually just upload that image that we just screenshotted right into Higgs field. And what it's going to do is, it's going to use that as the inspiration for what to create the scene of is it's going to make something in that same scene with your character. Okay, now the other method, and I'm going to show you this, this is probably might be a little bit better is I'm going to say, I'm going to go to chat GPT, and I'm going to say, and this is like a cheat code for some of you right here, describe the following image in extreme detail. Since it has a watermark, because it's a stock image, don't mention anything about the stock image water watermark, though. Okay, gonna take that off. We will be using this for a an AI clone image generation prompt by you describing it, and then rewrite that into a prompt or something like, let's say, mid journey. I think that would be good. Usually it does stuff really good if you tell it to do it like, mid journey. Mid journey is a another image generation tool, so we're gonna paste this image right here, and we're going to tell it, it's going to examine the image, go in extreme detail and actually describe the scene to us. So it's creating a detailed image description. Now, Higgs field is going ahead, and it's taking the image right here, and it's generating it based on, again, that character to be able to do this. And you could literally take any scene. Let's try woman standing in front of art gallery. Okay, that's, that's actually, that's actually pretty cool. I like that example. She's She's hip, she's in a cool scene. Yes, that'll work. We'll try that one again as another prompt. We'll actually use, again, the same kind of prompt. We'll go chat GPT. We'll tell chat GPT. And I like this method, because I think that you can iterate a little bit faster this way, and you have more control over the generation. The problem with the method of you uploading the image

[157:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: is that we don't have control to edit it. Let's say that there's features that we don't like in the image. We don't have control to edit its output based on there. Yes. So like you can see, it's doing a hyper detailed description that is so detailed. And now here's the mid journey style prompt. Probably take off the like the little ending part, right there. Side portrait, contemplate a photo windswept Beach, right hand. Under chin, left arm. Okay, cool. Yeah. This is great. I'm going to go up to here cinematic, lifestyle photography. Okay, so there's the image right there. And again, it's pulling, it literally pulled like the hair length and everything. So if I use this prompt, it's going to be more. I'm gonna remove the part about long brown hair, and I'm just gonna put hair blown back and breathe. Because here's the problem that we that we found with this, my mom has a certain kind of hair. If you don't prompt it, we had the same problem right here. It's gonna use the style of hair from whatever image that you prompt it as, okay, instead of it actually looking like her hair. These are all done with Higgs field right here. By the way, they look so good, and that's why Higgs field is so so easy to use to do this, and it uses very little of your credits just to generate these images, and the quality is exceptional, like really high quality, okay, so what we're going to do, we're going to paste that right there, and we're going to generate it based on the prompt from chat GPT. We're also going to prompt this one. We're going to use this one as well, okay, and we can, we can cue this one up too. So let me just see. I'm I'm always looking for where it talks about the style of hair. The issue with it doing the style of hair is because it's going to make it look like it's not the person you have it, decide the style of hair, wearing a sleeveless, pink, pink dress. We got dark brown hair, shoulder length. Yeah, we're going to take that off so it actually has her hair. Okay, generate. We're going to generate that one as well. And so we're gonna have that again, go in and generate doing that. Now those are just two ways to come up with any scene that you want to that looks like you. Using Higgs field to be able to create these type of scenes. You can either upload the image, use an image instead of a prompt, or, I like again, using chat GBT to kind of go in and create that style of image, right there. Okay, there we go. That, yeah, see that actually looks a lot more like Sandy. The the facial expression is a bit off, right there. However, that does look like her. Let's see what the other one does for the art gallery. Because whatever you prompt it with, it's going to pull that from it. And so again, if we want to modify this, let's say we don't want the turquoise necklace, right there we go. That looks really good. I love how it interpreted the prompt to be able to create this right here that looks so good. Just even the quality on this is incredible. It looks just liquor. That's, that's, my mom right there. I'm going to be excited to put myself in here and start to use this for these now for some quick stuff, again, I was showing you, Google has their new tool, which I find to be oddly incredible at being able to do this. And by the way, Higgs field also has this built into it. Higgs field has their what nano banana right here. Okay, and so we can upload up to eight images with Nano banana and then describe what we want it to do. So let's say I just like upload a couple of photos of myself right here. Okay, there we go. There's a couple couple pictures of me, and I'm going to describe this right here. Let's actually, let's do the art gallery. Watch this. This is going to be kind of crazy. We're going to take this prompt right here. Okay, and we're going to say rewrite the prompt for a more masculine male image of a of a 37 year old male with a two. Tshirt and backwards baseball cap in the same setting and tone. Okay, so it's going to be able to actually rewrite this prompt from this image to match my image. And this is, again, this is using nano banana, where you can just upload a couple of images right here, which is unlimited inside of Higgs field, which is amazing because it's just so cheap. And we'll show you how to use this for videos too in our next lesson. Okay, here we go. I'm so it's creating our prompt right there. We're gonna go nano banana. Google's nano banana. It's, it's, it takes whatever images that you give it. So it's a little bit of a different style. We're not creating a character, but you can do this for images on the fly. And then our prompt right here, and it's gonna go create, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have it create, like, four, four versions of this image. It's very fast too, which is really, really cool. Again. I don't know how good these are gonna come out, but I know how good nano banana is. I think it's gonna come out pretty good, and I know how fast it is. We're not gonna be sitting here for a long time if you're wondering about pricing on Higgs field. Okay, so this has my, my, see, yeah, the quality is a lot better once you zoom it out. Okay, so that did not look like me, right there. This one does, though that one does. So sometimes nano banana is not going to be perfect at making it look exactly like you. I uh, we'll go into this in another lesson, but that it's hit or miss with Nano banana. That's why it's nice, that it's unlimited. You can also click on Animate and animate your images with videos with different prompting, with different things like that. And they have these different video models that you can use right here. I know cling 2.1 is one that a lot of people are using. And they have a deal right here. We get unlimited cling if you get their annual plan, which I may, I may possibly sign up for or you can upgrade to their, yeah, it's their $50 a month plan. Okay, under pricing, these are the different models that you get right here. So if you go to their ultimate $50 a month, which I'm thinking I might upgrade to, that, you get unlimited cling 2.1 and you get, you still get unlimited nano banana. And then there's a free three generations, first three months of Google, VO, three. Okay, so they have this, like, really high level. I don't think you need that, but this one is really cool. If you buy the annual plan, that's a really, that's a really great deal, actually, for using Higgs field. So, oh, build, yeah, build annually, yeah. Okay. So that's how this is build again, the the pricing, it's a little bit higher than, say, some tools, but the ease of use and the quality of output, I think, is just unmatched when it comes to what you're what you're creating, and you can still use cling with your credits. Cling is one of the best, the best, video editing tool or video generation tools. See create video. Let's

[307:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: see what this did to animate this nano banana. Yeah, that looks awesome. Look at that. That's why Kling is so good. It was able to take that image and in five seconds, create a clip that I could literally use for any sort of video. I'm blown away by just how good cling 2.1 is. Cling is also a standalone app, and I know some people, they prefer using the standalone app. I'm going to play around with it, like I said, this isn't definitive on like, should you use it in Higgs field? Should you use it separately? But we're going to go through a workflow for you, and I want to keep it as simple as possible for using the tool like cling to be able to create your videos. So Kling has their creative studio, and I want to play around with this. It really is, again. Are one of the best image generation platforms that's out there. They have start and end frames, like the amount of stuff that you can do with cling for video. They have aI lip sync built in here. See, this is why people like using cling on its own, is the AI lip sync and all that, because you can literally upload an audio, upload a video of you, and then it will, it will sync the audio to it with text to speech, or with a with a sound. Or you can upload an audio of that. So you could literally create an audio file with 11 labs that sounds just like you upload it into cling, and it will take a video generation and then add that sound to it of you talking. And so we're gonna, we're gonna go over that in one of our next lessons here how you can do things like that. See, that's the advantage of using cling. Got gosh, like at in the cling app itself, versus using it in Higgs field. Getting it in Higgs field is cool, but I think, Oh, this is cool. So you get, you get 150 credits with their basic plan, $9 a month with Higgs field soul, you get character creation. You get all of that built in there. That's pretty cool. And I think that that's actually really good, because that's about 600 images with Higgs field soul, that's about 75 images a month. For most of you that are doing this $9 a month would actually probably work, and then per cling videos like five credits. So like, that's actually really good for most content creators, most of your ads and things like that that you're creating for nine bucks a month. If you want to go a little bit deeper again, these other plans are here, and you can upgrade easily to them. They even have, like the UGC factory. I'm gonna check that out. I'm gonna upgrade just because I think that I'm actually ready to upgrade tomorrow. I'm gonna upgrade right now, and we're gonna, we're gonna use this, we're gonna upgrade to the next level of Higgs field, just because I really think that it is a valuable tool that I'm gonna start using a lot more, and I want to play around with the kind of the deeper tools with it. And then we're also going to dive into clang and all the different stuff that they have over here. Okay, all right, everybody. I'll see you the next lesson. You.

