Lesson 6 - AI Content Creation Made Easy
Date: 2025-10-06T16:05:58.000Z
Duration: 13 min
Otter ID: uxNkJC_x0w9tpscqyt4eo6WUylQ
---

[0:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jeremiah, all right, so I lied, not really, but I didn't realize that there was an app that was going to be released this week after I recorded the last lesson of this. Course, I have to add another one to it, because it literally changes the game when it comes to digital twins and creating these types of videos. Sora two was just released by open AI. Open AI is the company that creates chat GPT, and so they're putting their mark on this digital twin space in a powerful, powerful way. And so Sora two, at the time of this recording, is invitation only. I have like, four invite codes. I don't have enough to share with everybody, but it will be available more widely. However, there is a way for you to get it, and it's what I want to show you. Actually went over to eBay. And by the way, if you're looking for like, codes and stuff like this, Sora two, I found a Sora two code right here on eBay and invite code. These are instant access now, listen, you might risk $6 that somebody might not send it to you. The first code that I got from somebody, it didn't work, but they actually sent me a replacement one, and it worked right away. And there's no negative problems with using these codes. If they work for you, you're in it's just giving you access, is all it is. So I would say, I mean, there's like 3000 of them on here on eBay, and not a lot of people are going to be necessarily buying them, because every time you sign up for Sora, you get four codes to share with friends, and they might even give you four more if you share them quickly. And so with that, like, you could even find a couple of people going on a code and stuff like that, and then you can share the codes with each other, you know, be like, two bucks. So all that to say there's no reason to not maybe go make an eBay account and try to go get a code, because it's worth it, and it's worth it. As far as with ads, I just want to show you how we're using this. I think digital twins. Their biggest advantage is with advertising. We ran an ad campaign right here for my mom's offer with her jumping out of an airplane. And look at how good this looks. Even the audio sounds like her. You're like, Wow, is this AI. And so that was just one prompt using Sora two right there. We did another one right here. And this was her the same day. Was in this outfit right here. So like she it looks just like her. This is her right here, getting on a horse, and this is with a single prompt like so it's trained using chat gpts algorithm on the back end. And that's why I believe it's superior as far as the outputs and the quality. And what we're getting out of Sora too, is this. So again, go create an account, and then what you do is, as soon as you create an account, I just want to kind of show you this, how this works. Also it does work, yes, it does work on the computer, which is really cool. So there is a computer version of it for those of you that are on Android, you can use Sora dot, chat GPT right here, and create videos for the CAMEO account, though I believe you do need an iPhone, and so if you want to borrow somebody's iPhone, this is for the digital twin side of things is when you create an account, the first thing that it gives you an opportunity to do is Create a cameo, and you can edit your cameo at any time. So I can go in here and edit it. This is a video of me that it recorded, and so if I want to, like, retake it, look, I'm going to retake it right here. Say the numbers on the screen. So it's going to have me do this. You can literally watch me do it right here. 37 3724 62 and

[67:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: so what it does is you say the numbers, 2462 okay, this is how Sora two works. It has you move your head up and down. It takes a minute. 3724 62 and it's scanning you. And by the way, here's what's cool, my Sora clone that I was using. I'm going to just show you this right here. My Sora clone, I created a series of different videos. It's me wearing the same shirt that I was wearing when I did the CAMEO. So that's interesting is that it's going to borrow whatever shirt that you were wearing at the time. It's going to use as far as your cameo goes. You. And so if you wanted to, like, change your outfit, the idea is, is that you're gonna have to basically rescan your cameo in to be able to do that. So I just created, like, a new outfit right there, and now I can go in and create this now that my new, new cameo is loaded, and I'm gonna say, Me, alright, let's say what's a scene that we could do walking along the streets of Austin, Texas, saying, comment, comment, clone, if you want to learn how to make digital twins like this, okay? Unable to use a user doesn't have a cameo. Okay? Cuz it's, I think it's still loading up, whatever the CAMEO it is that I created right there. Okay, so that's that's done. It should be able to do this now. Again, this isn't perfect. This just came out. So because I changed the cameo, it looks like the web versions having a little bit of trouble with that. That's okay. We can try it with this version right here, walking down the streets of Austin, Texas, saying, quote, comment, clone, if you want to learn how to make digital twins like this. User does not have a cameo. Okay, great. So it's gonna again. It's gonna take some time to do that, because I just created it, because I just loaded it up. If we come back and say, like, an hour or so, it's gonna have that there. Let's show one with Sandy right here. We'll use her cameo now. How am I using Sandy's because she shared it with me. So here's the cool thing about it is some people are worried about deep fakes and things like that using cameo like this. The way that it works is you give people permission to use your likeness, and so you can use your own likeness, obviously, but you can also give other people permission to, and you can choose who gets permission to or you can make it public and out there. So Sandy gave me the ability to use her cameo right here to create these videos. And there it goes, in draft, it's going to go create it. I created some different clips for my social media. Is what some of these are like. I made one where I'm right here. Why am I in a jail cell? Well, listen, we'll start it over. No laws were broken to create this video. This is entirely made with AI. Get in. We're

[121:23] Speaker 1: making AI videos. Great Again,

[122:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: which that would obviously be illegal if I did that. No, I don't officer. Try this at home, or you'll end up here. So it was just a tongue in cheek kind of like video, right there. Got a lot of different views. This one's interesting. This got a ton of views.

[128:07] Speaker 1: This type of AI video is advancing faster than the speed of thought. This is not real, but an AI

[129:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's pretty cool,

[130:15] Speaker 2: just inside a small limestone stable on the edge of Bethlehem. It's simple, rough and the only shelter that was available tonight right here in this timber feed box packed with hay.

[133:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I made, I made Baby Jesus right there, which is pretty which is pretty cool. So that's what that does, and it's literally that easy. Is you can go in and you can create prompts like that, load them up into Sora, and then have clips that you can use for your ads. If you want to do like multiple scenes, you just gotta prompt each scene what it is. And on the back end of it, chat, GPT will literally start to design what this is going to look like, to make it look so much better, which is just really, really cool. So I would encourage you go get a code for this. Start using Sora two. I'm getting a ton of engagement on my social media by creating some videos, and they got to make sense, like they got to fit what your demographic wants, what they want to see things like that. They can't just be random videos. But adding this to your content clips, I have a lot of content coaching clips right here. How many of you enjoy with me? But then I can also add in some of these AI generated clips right here. Use them for ads, because I think for ads, there's a huge advantage to doing this, which is amazing. We can even go back to our trusty process that we were doing with Higgs field, where we can go into chat, GPT, and we can say, take this scene, describe it in detail for a video generation, AI, and it'll literally take with that scene that we described, and it can expand upon it. It'll expand upon it to give us like a like a better, a better scene right here. One of the things that I've been doing is that, as I. See aspect ratio format, Okay, go. So we could copy that right there. We could even copy, we could copy all of this, even, I think, into the prompt. See,

[170:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: great. So that's how you're able to do that as well, is to make your your scene even more advanced, more different frames and stuff like that. Now the other and you want to, like, write out the dialog. You want to write out what the dialog is that you want to say, what's the last thing I want to share with you? There's one other. With you? There was one other thing I wanted to share. Oh, yes. So in Sora too, they have an explorer mode as well that you can explore. And if you're on tick tock, you can also use the Tick Tock hashtag Sora two to find these, but you can go in and explore how others are using it and recreate any of the prompts that others are using for theirs. You can remix other ones. I could remix a video, put put myself into it, things like that. By doing this, I can scroll through and I can get ideas for these different types of AI videos and stuff like that. If we go on Tik Tok, we can see so a lot of people are doing this right here. Under Sora two is a hashtag. You can see how people are using Sora two and what they're doing to create types of videos on here. Okay, so I just had to show you that it's the simplest, easiest, fastest tool that's out there to you just prompt a scene, tell it what you wanted to say. And it's amazing, like somebody prompted Jesus with His disciples, right here at the Last Supper. Somebody prompted there's all kinds of different types of prompts people are doing. Somebody did somebody did Michael Jackson and Kobe Bryant. So really kind of crazy stuff that people are doing with this. Go check it out.

