WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-02-24T22:11:34.000Z
Duration: 121 min
Otter ID: Cwd9L-ok9PglvNl_fm8AFXqa1gU
---

[0:19] Speaker 0: Right

[1:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: this invite link here and go Live stream into The Facebook group and

[19:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: right. Here we go.

[21:37] Speaker 2: Hello, hello,

[23:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome on in here.

[26:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: How you doing? Trying to get the stream working in the group, but for some reason that's giving me trouble right now, it's not showing up way it normally does, and that that can be frustrating.

[31:42] Speaker 3: So let's

[32:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: have it generate a new streaming key

[33:36] Speaker 3: and try this.

[34:56] Speaker 0: I'll reset that

[35:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: now we'll get going. Hope y'all are doing well today. Hope you got some questions. I'm excited. I got lot of stuff I'm prepared to share with you. Here's what I'm so calm when tech that is a learned skill. I will tell you that, because when you freak out when the tech doesn't work, it, it makes it take 10 times longer. So oh, man, I used to, I used to have to, like, take CBD oil just to be calm when so it happened. Now I got, like, Okay, I've, I've spent the last year training my nervous system how to just be calm under pressure. Because you need to do that when you have little kids throw in temper tantrums and and then it's triggering and stuff like that. Well, I don't know why this stream isn't working, so I'm going to make a post in the group and just say, Hey, y'all stream isn't working because that's, that's the fact. All right, I'm just gonna make a post in the group and say, Hey, sorry it's not working. Live Stream is not working today in Facebook group, join us on zoom here, I will post the recording in the numbers area sometimes too. What helps keep me calm is I just imagine like, if I if I was the most calm, confident person in this situation, how would I act? And then start acting and being that way. So I'm not going to fuss with this anymore. It's been five minutes, so I'm going to get going. Today's training is about sales skills and how to sell extremely well. Facebook, yeah, they did make changes about live streaming in the group, but we we've normally streamed just fine based on those changes, but for some reason today, it looks like those are not working. So listen when you can sell, when you can get sales in your business, when you can get a lead, and so like, when I'm talking about sales, I'm talking about, let's get 100 people in front of you. Can you turn 100 leads into cash, into people buying from you? And that's. Of the most important skills, because then all you do is you just add a couple of zeros to how many leads you get, and this number goes up. But if you don't know if you're not closing sales, you could generate a ton of leads and nobody buying from you, and now that ends up being a drain on your finances, and ends up being a drain on your confidence, and it ends up being a situation that we just don't want to get into. And I'll tell you this that I have, I've experienced that. I've seen a lot of a lot of coaches experience that because, like, we're not in the used car sales business. We're not here just selling trinkets or things that people don't need. We're not here selling computers. We're not here selling stuff that is not of value to people. We're selling something that we truly believe in, and the more you believe in what you're selling, the more we will have a tendency to struggle with being able to be effective with selling it to people. I found that to be the case, and it and it shouldn't be that way, because you'd think, okay, if I believe in this so much, it's going to be a lot easier to sell. In one sense, it is because you're more authentic, because you are more true to what it is that you're selling. But I'll tell you at the same time, we can get caught up in our head because we believe in it, because and and as well. The more empathy you have, the more you care about people, the more you really want to see people succeed, the more integrity you have, the harder it will be to sell. So here's what I find, is that I found a direct correlation to people struggle to sell and get sales to their integrity and the quality of what they are selling. It's it's phenomenal how much this is. This seems to be the case, which is why, unfortunately, people with low integrity, with low quality products and services that are that are not helping people that much, that are that are not producing results in people's lives, they end up getting the lion's share of the sales in the industry in coaching. And so that's why, that's why people, they come into the coaching industry, they come into learn from coaches and mentors, and they get scammed, or they found that, you know, it sounded too good to be true, and then it didn't turn into something that got them a result, it's because of that inverse relationship that is so common and correlated that when the coach is somebody with integrity, that when the mentor is somebody that really believes in what they're offering, when They really, really care about getting people results that internal struggle to be able to sell effectively, to sell well to people that that struggle to be able to get leads and connect with the right people and get them to buy from you overall. That's what leaves us to where we're like, I'm not making the kind of money that I want to make. Now, I'll tell you, it's a skill that you can learn, and that's why I recommended it. And I do recommend it, and I keep recommending it this book right here, the way of the wolf. Remember, I mentioned the inverse relationship to integrity and the quality of your product. This book is written by a man who his backstory, if you've ever learned it is a movie made about him called the The Wolf of Wall Street, where he literally made billions scamming bad stocks to people because he mastered the skill of sales, and then he went to prison. Kind of sucks. He and He deserved to go to prison for what he did. But what he did was this book right here, if I could say this, this is actually about ethical sales, and this is what got so many people to buy into what he was selling. And there's something else that I believe at my core is that you need to do the same thing from the sales perspective that somebody without integrity would do to get clients. It's it's the same processes. So your integrity and the quality of your product. What most coaches do, and most people that have high integrity do, is they say, Well, I don't want to be like one of those people. I don't want to look like one of those people. Can I tell you this really good sales is not sleazy. It's not slimy. Sleazy. Slimy sales is not something that is actually effective. It's actually sleazy. Slimy sales is low quality sales. It's it's somebody who doesn't know how to sell, and so they are effectively trying to do that. Ethical sales is about promising a service to somebody that will change and transform their life. So the reason why he was able to scam so many people is the promise that he made sounded so good that the level of trust. Because again, if you study, if you study what it takes to con people, to scam people, why would you study that? Because you can a, learn a lot about not getting scammed yourself. And B, if you're actually in sales, it will teach you a whole heck of a lot about how to get sales, because if your product is not a scam, if your product is helping people, if your product is going to help people, then you owe it to yourself and those that you can help to do the very best ability that you can to build trust with people in you your product, the transformation that you can deliver and the company that you have, and this is why, unfortunately, it's a lot easier for people that are scamming people to just focus on, okay, I'm going to sell this thing and then I'm going to ride off into the sunset, because I have no responsibility.

[192:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is a scammer? A scammer is somebody that has something that's that is really sounds great to people, because a scam doesn't work unless it sounds really good, unless it's something that people really want and really desire. So based on that, the actual process of getting the sale of a scam is the most effective way to sell to people, because people feel really good and excited about it at that level, okay, but there's no responsibility at the end, because then the person disappears, they don't deliver the product, they don't give you what they promised. So what we attach to it is we attach the most effective sales system to a product and a service that actually delivers results, and that is where you're cooking with gasoline, as I like to say it. That is what lights a fire up in the prospect, in the business and in your ability to get sales. And so again, I highly recommend this book, and then the other book right here, the Ultimate Sales Letter by Dan Kennedy. And I'll tell you this, Dan Kennedy is known as the, the the grandfather, the godfather of sales, copy, online sales, direct response marketing, sales. And I'll tell you he, he's, he's better at sales. This guy is Dan Kennedy. Like, what I would love personally is a book. He's got a number of books on sales, but not quite like this one. I would love the content of this book to be taught by Dan Kennedy, because Dan, he teaches you the exact same thing. You gotta figure out what is the emotional driver to somebody that's going to get them to make a purchase. So this is where we need to detach, and this is the most effective part in sales. There's a course in our members area under the learning library called selling for people who struggle to sell, and I believe it's one of the best courses out there. On this topic, I'm going to condense some of the content of that for you. In case you don't go and watch the course, the number one thing you need to have is you need to have self belief. You need to believe in yourself. You need to believe that what you offer is the best chance that other people have at success, and you need to get out of your head. You need to get out of this logical thinking of of like, well, there's other people that are out there that are better than me, and so I might not be the best chance, because there's other people that are better than me, and it might be lying to say that I'm the best. Like, get out of your head and out of your thinking, of talking yourself out of being a good salesperson or based on that, okay, that's one of the things that I gotta tell you, like, like, if I could just give you a little bit of a like, a stern coaching, is get get out of talking yourself out of being great at sales. You. And one of the biggest things you can do is like, gas yourself up, get yourself believing in yourself so much that it's borderline arrogant when you go into any sort of a sales situation. And so what do we call what do we correlate that to? Writing sales, copy, writing email, copy, creating webinars, creating challenge content, creating YouTube videos, and I would say somewhat social media content, but maybe not quite so much anything where you're actually asking somebody to take action, calling them to action. So sales, the word sales, selling, has to do with calling people to take action to do something. And so you have to believe in yourself that people taking action on the thing that you're calling them up to do is is the best thing that they can do. I believe every time that I go out there and promote this program, that it's the best program that's out there for people to get them results. And I've had situations where I I struggled with that belief, not because our program was bad, but because I knew it could be better. I knew that it could be improved, and my integrity actually had a struggle to sell my own program, because I knew that I could be doing better. So one of the biggest things that you can do is is do your very best ability to make what your product is the very best product that it can possibly be. Because now, when you know that it's the best product that it can be, you believe in yourself, and you believe that what you offer people is going to help change people's lives. Self confidence has a direct correlation to the amount of sales that you can get, so which is why a lot of people without integrity, have a lot of self confidence. They have a lot of self belief. They have a maybe a level of arrogance to them around this. They are detached from the outcome overall, because they are just looking to get the sale and realize that rejection is a part of it. You're not going to please everybody. In fact, out of 100 leads that you get, or 1000 or 10,000 leads, you might only close two to 5% sometimes in the beginning, two to 3% of the people. So out of 100 people, you might only get one or two sales out of it, but at least that one or two sales now you can say, Okay, what does that sale have in common? What did I do there? What does that person have in common? And that becomes our optimization strategy. The way that you optimize your business is you figure out of the sales that I've gotten, of the people who've stuck around, of the people that have given me money, of the people who have engaged what do they all have in common? And then how can I find more people like them? And then how can I help more people like them get the same result overall? Alright, and so then from there, your goal is to with those people, which means you gotta keep this in mind. This means that 97 98% of people that you are going to meet are not going to trust you enough to buy from you, and that's by design, and there's no way to improve that or change that. It's a numbers game at that point. Now, when people talk about a 98% closing ratio, there is no such thing as a 98% closing ratio with leads I have a ridiculously high closing ratio with leads. If I can get somebody into an event with me, a a paid event, I can close 25 to 35% of the people that are on that event. If I get somebody on a phone call with me, though, I can close about 90% of those people that are on the phone with me, but the amount of time that it takes of me to close a sale on the phone, it's not worth my time to do that, because if I can leverage my time to record a 40 minute video and then have it sell for me to 1000s of people automated, that's going to be way worth my time overall. Okay, so my goal is to build trust in me, my product, that I'm offering my business, that I'm not a fly by night operation, that I'm offering support to people, and then I'm going to be able to bring the transformation that I'm promising to people. So my goal is to build that trust in Me, personally by showing authenticity, confidence, integrity, by demonstrating that I'm somebody of value, somebody that's really worth listening to. The product, I show that the offer delivers value, the sessions, the courses, the bonuses, the support that there's reliability in our business. Yes, and that the results speak for themselves. We want to clearly communicate the result that somebody is going to achieve. Now, what I found as well that a lot of coaches do is that they're very ambiguous when it comes to the result that they're delivering to people, when it comes to the result that they can get people because they don't want to over promise under deliver. I've heard this from a lot of mentors and coaches. I don't want to over promise under deliver, and so what they do is they under promise because they're afraid of disappointing other people. They're afraid of what other people will think about them. They're afraid of people's opinions so much that they talk themselves out of being able to reach and connect with people. And so what your job is to do when you're selling is that you want to listen far more than you're speaking overall. Now that that sounds great for me as somebody who says, do webinars, record content, do that like you're speaking 99% of the time. What are you listening to? Well, what I'm listening to is this, the comments that come in when it talks about what somebody is dealing with, the surveys that we send out, the questions that are asked. I'm paying attention to what those questions are. Now, when you get to where I'm at in my business, I've had so many questions come in from people. In fact, I have a document with over 150 pages of questions that people have asked me about my business and how I can help them overall, right here,

[346:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: and so right here, like this, is different questions people have asked me for our events, 151 pages of questions that I've gathered from events and surveys that I've done with people and and I'll tell you they've evolved towards the top up here because we started to refine them even more and more. Now what I like to do is I like to take those questions and those answers and those survey responses into artificial intelligence, into AI tools, to be able to whittle down, okay, what are the top five categories people are looking for help with number one. It's always good. It's always lead generation, content creation, getting more sales once they generate leads, developing offers that close sales, using paid advertising to get more people into their offers, using content to give you more people into their offers. So for me and my business, I know based on the question people ask me, that if I talk about anything else outside of that topic, that I'm actually doing a disservice to a lot of the people that I'm looking to reach. Now I love talking about mindset. I love talking about mental health. I love talking about video games. I love talking about AI. I love talking about a number of different things, but those aren't going to pay the bills and those aren't going to attract clients to me, because those aren't the questions that my prospects are asking. So your goal to sell really well is to be able to listen to what people are actually wanting, and then what you do is you confidently can show up in your marketing to attract those people. So what you want to do is you want your marketing to be the the ultimate sifting tool, to sift out the wrong prospects and to attract the right ones now, because only three remember when I say like 2% 3% 5% 10% what I found is there's like a sliding scale our offers. In the beginning, they end up closing maybe two to 5% and then they improve, and then they improve to 20 10% and then 20% and then once your offer hits 20% closing ratio, it's about soon to stop working, and it's about time to find a new offer, because you're going to tap out the whole market really quickly. The group of people, the market's going to shift at that point, and that's what you'll find. That's why there's an ebb and flow as well in your marketing. That's that's a topic for another time. But what I found is that sometimes people, they want to come up with one offer that works forever, one idea that works forever. And you gotta realize that that we live in a world right now, especially with artificial intelligence, where people are changing. They're shifting their their knowledge is changing. What they understand is changing the way they operate, the way they migrate, the way that their habits are are changing constantly. The algorithms on social media are doing this, and people's attention spans are shifting. So this is why we have to figure out what is the cutting edge, bleeding edge, desires that people have overall by. Keeping our our ears to the ground, and this is one of the things that AI can really, really help with. Now, there's a new AI that has come out, and I want to tell you about it. I know, listen, I know some of you, especially with what's going on in the government, probably take issue if I mentioned the name Elon Musk, but I'm going to say this is that his artificial intelligence that he launched last week, grok three, came out. And when it comes to market research, it is light years ahead of the $200 a month version of chat, GPT, and it's available for free right now to be able to use, and it's, it's incredible the ability to do your market research with this. I can go in and I can look up any niche that somebody has, and I can dive so deep into the market research. So again, I would ask you, I strongly disagree with a lot of the stuff that these AI companies and billionaires do and all that with some of their things, but I'm still going to use the tools, because my business, I'm I'm a bigger person that's bigger than maybe my disagreements with what they're doing. So again, I'd ask if you, if you have problems with Elon, but maybe look past them. Sign up for an X account on x.com, get an account on x, and then over here on X, AI, the grok app, is the number one app in productivity and chat. GPT is number two. Why? Because number one, it's free. Now it's going to be paid. It was they they release it as a paid thing, and then he made it free. But right now it's free because I think Elon wants to get everybody hooked on how good it is. And so we got these two features here, Deep Search and think, and here's how they work. And what I want to do is I want to take a topic that somebody's really struggling, to close sales of their clients, and I want to see what we can come up with to do some market research. And what this is, is, this is an intelligent AI agent. You could not do this without the $200 a month version of chat GPT, prior to Graca coming out with their deep research tool right here. This goes beyond just the AI answering questions. It's a research agent that goes out there and finds the answers for you. So who wants to try this out with analyzing their market in their business? Karen's got her hand raised. She wants to jump out of the screen. Let's try this out here.

[442:40] Speaker 4: Okay? Because I, yeah, there's some kind of disconnect. I mean, I've got my email list, and my leads are off the charts. That's right, I'm doing something right, but I am not closing anything. And I and I believe in my content. I believe it, yeah, blah, blah, blah.

[447:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I want to try this to see what market research. Let's see. What's your offer?

[448:41] Speaker 4: Okay, I have, I've got two that I just came up with. I have a spring cleaning mental health checklist for $7 and then I have a breaking free from people pleasing workbook that I'm super proud of for. I don't know. Uh, getting along, yeah, like break using Facebook

[455:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: ads, but not closing sales with this. Can you do market research for me and dive deeper into what books emotionally people need to make a buying decision, and so deep research is going to go in here, and it's going to start researching and analyzing what you're doing, and it's going to be looking up all these different websites. Okay, so it's like perplexity, but it's going to take not just like five websites, we're up to 25 websites now, 27 and this is an an AI agent that is going out there looking with multiple different search topics and terms to bring this together. Okay, so there's all of these different pages, it would take you hours to do this on your own. What this is able to do now, Google released a version that kind of does this, but it's not that great, that's why I didn't really recommend it to a lot of people. It was just taking a bunch of Google searches and it would bring, like a summary together. This does far more than summarizing, because it's going to read all these pages and actually intelligently come up with an answer for you by thinking through it. So that's why the $200 a month version of chat GPT was able to do this with Oh One Pro and all that. But now this one is able to. With this okay, research suggests emotional hooks, like desire for control, authenticity, self improvement. It seems like highlighting the value of testimonies. Marketing strategy to improve sales, focus on copy that focuses on their emotions, emphasize how the checklist can help them control their mental health, live their life more authentically. An interesting insight, many mental health checklists are free, so emphasize what makes your $7 one unique? So it's suggesting possibly making your checklist be a free offer.

[489:43] Speaker 4: Yeah, well, I'm over that, like I'm over free, like I'm just

[491:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, free is what we can use to find people. So that is okay. I mean, I could. That's the emotional hooks, desire for control and organization, highlighting how the checklist provides a clear actionable step to take control of it. Aspiration for authenticity, fear of missing out on improvement. Okay, can I see your sales page? Do you have a landing page for

[497:44] Speaker 4: me? Yeah, yeah,

[498:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: let me. Let's pull that in here.

[498:39] Speaker 4: Okay, let me grab it real quick. It's going to take me a second, because

[499:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is more focused on, like, okay, an overarching idea of the copy. But here's where I want to dive a little bit deeper with it.

[503:24] Speaker 4: Okay, let me, I mean, I could make it free. I mean, maybe I'm just being difficult, but at a certain point, like I'm going to have fat, you know, yeah, I'm going to have 10,000 leads and $0 and they're not free. My leads. Well,

[508:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: with those leads, that's where the nurture and follow up sequences can come in. Yeah, help them to

[510:14] Speaker 4: there's the that's the people pleasing, and then, oh, wait,

[512:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have some sales copy for this.

[513:40] Speaker 4: Let's see what have I been sending out? Let me get in my email. I'm sorry I'm not totally prepared. You're okay, yeah. Let me see one of the let me see the email I sent out last night.

[518:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, let me pull it up. Yeah. So I like the checklist. I think checklists are

[519:27] Speaker 4: great for it's a seven page checklist. I mean, I It's a nice piece of work. Oh, cool, yeah. I mean, it could be a workbook.

[521:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Could create a one page that's free, and then the seven page slash workbook is paid. Do you have a teaser? That's, you know what? I mean,

[523:42] Speaker 4: yeah. I mean, we could tease the first, okay,

[526:32] Speaker 4: this is what, this is what I sent out last night to my new leads. Okay, see if I can see

[528:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: he has pasted in the chat.

[532:06] Speaker 4: Okay, I don't know how to get an email that's already been sent like it has recent option, copy the

[533:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: email and paste it in the chat. Okay, I just the text,

[535:03] Speaker 4: I know, but it's not is it in your email inbox? No, I didn't send it to myself. Okay, I should have.

[537:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Usually can, like, preview an email that you sent out. I

[539:54] Speaker 4: let me see a different one that hasn't gone out yet. I

[547:12] Speaker 4: Okay, I found another one.

[548:57] Speaker 4: Just loading

[549:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now, the other thing about grok is it is uncensored, so it's not going to try to stop us from this is one of the issues with chat GPT is it would actually try to stop us from trying to sell people stuff for their mental health.

[555:20] Speaker 4: Whereas Grog, well, yeah, and I feel like would do that too. Claude, yeah. Like, he's, like, he's, he's pretty ethical, and he, he accuses me of doing things that aren't ethical all the time. And I'm like, if you knew me, you wouldn't, you wouldn't say that. I. Yes, okay, I am loading an email.

[563:14] Speaker 4: I don't know why, it seems I you know

[565:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: what, and let's try this right here. I'm gonna, I'm gonna use so this is where we're gonna this is where we're going to shift it from deep search with searching the web. Now I'm going to go over to this one called Think. And think is the AI that's going to think about the question right here. So I'm going to have it go into the sales psychology to dive deeper into closing more sales. And this is exactly how I would use AI tools like this. Because, like, why would we spend hours and hours and hours struggling when we can use these tools that have so much value to give us information to test things with? So what this is doing, this is just adding, remember how I used to say that we would generate a bunch of information that would create, like training content for the AI. I used to say that, like a year ago, these new AIS have this thinking aspect that's creating the training content first, and it comes from multiple different angles to do that. And so that's part of why, like, it's taking a minute it's processing this question, to brainstorm deeper, out of the box, ways to promote this offer and the sales psychology. And so again, I'm not even going to if you can read really fast, like I read through some of this, but what I'm looking for is, what's the final outcome that's going to create, what's the final output that it's going to create? And it's and it's very interesting, because like when it comes to sales, when it comes to selling, knowing what triggers people into buying is very important,

[594:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: and this will work for any business. So, yeah, it's taken a while to like, formulate the answer, almost two minutes here. It's just generating all of this. Okay, that's what you sent out to people.

[602:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, I don't know how long it's going to keep doing this for, but it will be very interesting the outcome that comes out of this

[605:33] Speaker 4: well, and it's still working as a as a $7 lead magnet, I'm still getting leads, Yeah, nobody's bought it, but I'm still getting leads. Nobody's bought it, right? And I just, that's what we need to figure out. Is what? Like, there's just something. And I was thinking about, like, my daughter, like reading The Wolf of Wall Street, like she'll just like, she'll ask me if she can do something, and I'll say no, and then the next day, she'll like, it's like, we never had that conversation. She's like, let's go. We're doing this, trying a different angle, or it catches me off guard. And I'm like, yeah, go with it. And I'm like, she's, she's kids

[615:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: do this really well. Yes, we do it with our family members really well.

[616:47] Speaker 4: Yes, it's like, her

[617:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: confidence, unfortunately. And I've said this for a while, this is something like, as a therapist, understand this, a lot of good sales can borderline be seen as, like, not healthy behavior in relationships, yeah, like, how you would like keep requesting somebody to buy something if they've said no multiple you know, but that's why, when it's on an email list, we don't need to personalize it. We don't need to take it personally. We don't need to do that. When it's on an email list or it's through a webinar or something like that,

[626:41] Speaker 4: they're not unsubscribing. Well, that's good have you? I mean, other than my original list, people are unsubscribing, and I see that as good news. Like, have

[629:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: you looked at your open rates in the emails.

[630:11] Speaker 4: No, what's the

[630:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: percentage that are opening your emails? If it's over 40% that's really good.

[631:34] Speaker 4: Okay, let me see

[632:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you have a couple emails that have over 40% that have opened it. All

[635:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: right?

[636:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here we go. Tap into emotional and this is what I told you at the beginning. Again, control authenticity, improvement. Take charge of your mental health. These tools to break free. To highlight FOMO, position, leverage, storytelling, okay, address pain point we have skepticism. Reduce Risk. Leverage behavior, scarcity, okay, creative, out of the box, promotional.

[645:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, instead of like, improve your mental health experience, profound sense of calm, personalized follow ups, emotional truth, let's see, okay, based on this, how would you rewrite the following sales copy, and then I'm going to paste your sales copy. Okay, okay, perfect. I see, based on all of that info, how would it rewrite your sales copy? Right here.

[655:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: The wait is over, but your transformation is just beginning. You've been searching to break free from the exhaustion of people pleasing. Now it's here, breaking free from people pleasing workbook, dismantling the habits that drain you real action and you don't need to put like no fluff, no just real your practical roadmap to maintaining boundaries in every relationship. This isn't another Self Help Program. It's a lifeline for somebody who feels trapped. I like that part, waking up without the weight of others expectations, saying no with confidence and meaning it so this is their desires right here. Finally, feeling like you're living for yourself, not just for others, building relationships that energize and don't deplete you. So again, that's a way that's those are a little bit stronger ways of putting that. But what I want to do now is in my sales emails and sales presentation, what specific triggers and hooks in my sales webinar presentation and follow up,

[676:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: what would trigger somebody over the fence To buy All right, so now it's going to dive further into that topic of sales right here. I want

[682:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: to look at what it's actually generate here. So it says, Start with a relatable story.

[683:17] Speaker 4: Okay, that's what's missing, okay, story,

[684:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay. So, so that goes into storytelling is very important when it comes to selling

[685:58] Speaker 4: well. And I use it's like, so a year ago, when I was trying to build my email list, I was sending out these emails, and I always had a story, okay, you know, like, and I've done it a little bit this year, like, I talked about the state championship football game. I'll talk about, like, when my dog died, I don't, and it's not always that emotionally charged, but I always, or I'm talking about spring break, like, Yeah, I used to do that, and now I've just have this kind of sales copy that, honestly, I

[693:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: gotta have story in there is what connects people. Yeah, and it's right here to see themselves in the story, yeah, to help them better imagine their future. Demonstrate the simplicity of it, showing them how easy it is to go through the checklist, peaks of curiosity, social proof, any testimonies or statistics that you have, and then urgency, if there's some way to make it like a limited time, or some way to add that scarcity that helps,

[702:36] Speaker 4: yeah, like they could have all of it, I don't know. They could have a couple free workbooks or free class specific

[704:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: hooks. Take control of your mental health. Yeah, this spring with this check don't last. Seasonal shifts overwhelm you. Stay ahead with daily check ins. Break free from people pleasing, and discover your authentic self with guided extra so again, not super strong. But what I like here is the suggestions that, again, you had mentioned that you're not maybe doing some of those

[710:24] Speaker 4: story piece. Yeah, and I

[711:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: will say that, like when it comes to sales copy, when it comes to people, when they're selling, that's one of the number one things that are missed, because it needs to reflect back the person that you're looking to reach and what they are experiencing overall. It needs to they need to be able to see themselves in it well,

[717:20] Speaker 4: and not just me saying, Oh, I'm a recovered people pleaser like that's not talk

[718:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: about other people you've helped. Okay, you want to talk about an example of. It could be even fictional stories of how somebody was able to apply what you're teaching. And so that's where, like, really studying about storytelling is a big part of that, because you're helping people see themselves in the story of what it is that you're sharing. So storytelling goes beyond just sales copy. It's also in your presentation. It's also in your emails. It's also in every interaction that we have with people has some form of story in it. Okay? I've found, like my best social media post, I'll share something about my life with my family. Seems to work or a struggle that I'm having, and how I overcame it Okay, or something that one of my clients was struggling with, and how I overcame it. And so like, for instance, let's just take like, right now, where you are. Obviously, this isn't a story that I would share online, but let's just go in the future. You know, Karen was getting so many leads, but not getting the kind of sales that she wanted. And as soon as she started applying storytelling to her marketing and tapping into that emotional driver with people, she was able to close more sales. And so, like, I would use that if I was selling my program, and that was your testimony to say. And so listen, if you want to know, what are those storytelling aspects that get people to buy from you. Join my program, buy in this training. And so what it is, is we're can we use stories to connect the dots with people? And that's what builds trust, and that's why story. Storytelling is so important with that, and that's why learning about how to tell effective stories,

[748:05] Speaker 3: okay, is important to the same and I did. I

[749:09] Speaker 4: did work with someone over a year ago, and his whole thing was storytelling and email, but I couldn't, I applied all that, and I couldn't get a single person to sign up for my notes. So

[752:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So merge that info,

[752:41] Speaker 4: take that skill like

[753:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: there was sales, copy side of it, yeah, you bring the two together because they're almost like two different skills. They really are very different from each other. This is why a lot of times like getting sales requires this multi dimensional, okay, I'm telling stories, but I'm not just telling stories. It has a purpose to sell, right? There's a purpose to close a sale with these stories, right? And and we're able to kind of use them to bridge the gap between where somebody's at story. Here's an offer to take action with, okay, and that, and that's really one of the keys. What was one of the reasons why you think it wasn't working before? Um,

[766:58] Speaker 4: I don't think I had positioned my social media or my Facebook ads in a way to get leads like something clicked when I went to your launch thing, you know, something clicked for my Facebook ads and my social media, like something clicked in the copy, maybe not. The images were fine, but something clicked and then all these leads come started coming in, like I get like I wake up in the morning. There's 30 new leads every night. So now, so something clicked with you.

[774:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So now we bring in your problem before was we weren't getting enough leads, right? Let's now bring in the other side of it, from the selling and storytelling,

[777:14] Speaker 4: right? What to do with it? Because I had, I had spent all this time, let's write an email welcome series. And then it was like, What's the point? I don't have any leads. There you go, and I have them, and you have helped me with mindset. And then I've done a lot of YouTube videos and a lot of videos to go along, like, these things I just shared with you. I have videos that I put on YouTube about them, awesome, so you but I those videos could be better because they could have more storytelling. Like, I might say a little bit like,

[784:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've been decluttering everything we do could be better, but, but I had to start somewhere. Yeah? And if we get caught up in like, oh, it could be better, we'll never do any,

[786:32] Speaker 4: I'll never do anything, yeah,

[787:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: but yes. So I think just what we just talked about right now, there's a little bit of an unlock for you, and hopefully everybody else who's here, as far as getting more of those, more of the sales, and when you're when you use storytelling to sell effectively. Now what's interesting is we were able to use the AI to actually get to the root of what was missing from your sales by asking those questions. And that's what I love to use AI for, is to get to the root cause of why I'm struggling with something. And what's amazing is this, this new grok three, is very, very good at that. You might need to ask it a couple of times and reiterate and explain you. What you're trying to do, but it's going to, it's going to help get you there. Overall, I had to help me with something I was having the the toughest time communicating something with my wife, and I finally, like, just explained, like, what I was having a tough time with, and it gave me, like, two sentences to say with to her, and literally, she understood me. And then it literally, like streamlined three days of struggle with communication about an issue we had. I could not figure out how to communicate this one thing to her. I was like, trying to tell her the way I wanted to tell her. And the AI was like, just, it was so simple. It was just like, okay, find a time when, like, you both are relaxed and calm. So that was the key, when the, like, the kids aren't everywhere and all that. And then just like, like, admit to the fact that you're struggling with something, and then ask her what she thinks the best solution is, and then share the solution that that I thought, and then see what she thinks about that solution. And she literally ran with and combined the solution that I already had and what she had come up with, and now we're we solved a huge problem that we've been dealing with, just with in our in our house, that we had a, not a conflict, but just a differing of opinions as far as how to approach a problem. And so that right there was literally like, if you think about it, that's actually that's sales right there, as I was able to use the AI to help me communicate, to find common ground in a situation like that. And that's exactly when it comes to in whether we're coaching our clients, whether we're trying to close sales, it's able to help us do that. And so that's why I said this new grok three AI is, is has, it's free right now you can use it, and it has all the the power that the $200 a month version. I canceled my $200 a month version of chat GPT because I was literally asking the $200 a month version of chat, GPT, and getting worse answers than I was with this, with grok three. So, like, it's amazing what people are even doing with it right here. I want to, I just want to just, just show you all something crazy.

[842:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: People are creating full like, actual video games with it that they can play, like this one right here. This guy created this whole thing, all the graphics and everything with the AI like That's unheard of to be able to do stuff like this, because grocer is able to solve those problems much faster. Chat GPT couldn't do this, and within three days, people are able to create these like full on video games and graphics and everything so all that to say. You know, obviously you're not creating video games and stuff like that. Probably not going to focus on my own game. But what I am looking at is I want to create a tool that I've been dreaming up for a while, where, how many of you have heard me mention using your own transcripts to get information for your business. I I talk about that quite often, like in this program right here, I use the transcripts constantly of our sessions to figure out, what are the topics to talk about on my social media, what are the courses that I need to create in the program? What are things to help me with and here? Well, what I want to do is I want to create a tool where you can either upload videos of yourself or paste a transcript in, and then just select from a drop down what it wants to give you, like, okay, ideas for my social media content, ideas for my courses and stuff like that. And you literally just do a drop down, and it'll do it for you and then, and I want it to be able to just do that for you guys, instead of you having to, like, figure out and use three different tools that can do it. So that's something I am I am exploring how to create something like that, because nothing like that exists, even in the market. And that would help, that would help me in my own business. What I want to do is I want to create tools that I can use in my own business to help and so back to what we were talking about when it comes to sales. What we use to sell? We use a number of different offers. We can use checklists. We can use our webinars, low ticket offers, our core offer. We can use things that sweeten the deal with like bonuses, money. That guarantees complimentary coaching, payment plans, ways to increase urgency, our call to action. But overall, when it comes to closing more sales, it's really about finding common ground with people and learning how to tap into what those emotional drivers are. Now there's a third book, and I need to really buy it, and I need to listen to it again. It's called never split the difference by Chris Voss. You ever heard that book? So never split the difference is all is all about negotiation. And these are frameworks that you can use. I need to get, like, the physical copy of it so I can, like, kind of put that as, like, the third book that I would mention to everybody never split the difference. Is all about, how do you negotiate to help somebody see your side and get what they want in every situation? And that's exactly what this is right here, is how to do that is what this book is about. Now I'm not the best at this. This is why, like I said, with my wife, I had to use the AI to help me figure out how to do this. But if you can learn how to help people see your side of things, if you can learn how to influence people's decision making, to be able to decide, okay, I'm going to work with you versus somebody else that's going to help you close more sales. And so yes, it is on Kindle Unlimited, right here. You can go check this book out as well, along with these two books right here that I recommend. So that's what I wanted to just share with you here today is about sales, how storytelling is an important part of it,

[908:58] Speaker 3: how

[909:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: we need to be able to when we're selling. We need to get out of our head. We need to get out of self identifying so much with the outcome, and realize that it's it's about building trust with people. It's about them buying into the result that we're delivering. We want people to be able to see for themselves that they're going to get the thing that they desire out of it. If we don't know what that is, if we don't know, what is the desire somebody has, what can we mirror? What is the language that we can mirror that influences people? That's where we can use AI to help us discover that, and we can use AI to help us figure out in our presentations, what are those things that we need to do as well? We need to tell more stories. We need to be able to connect with where somebody's coming from, and then that helps people feel really good. Because what makes somebody buy from us is they feel really good about the interaction. They feel really good about what's going to come out of it. They feel really good about okay, I've seen stuff like this before. How many of you have ever done this when you're going to buy something. I've seen stuff like this before, but I've never taken the leap to to take action and buy it. But I'm going to take a risk, and I'm going to try it out right now and see how good it is. We all do that. Some of you might have done that here in this program. That's exactly what your prospects are going through in their mind as well. And so your job is to get right in there, and you're basically unwiring That part in their brain by what we say, by the sales copy that we use, by our a big part of is our energy, how we show up, confidence, calm, confidence. Calm, authority, being able to be very confident but very relaxed at the same time, like how I am right now, and that's what allows you to be able to get people to buy from you, more than anything else, so you can generate a bunch of leads. But then when it comes to buying from people, it's about asking those buying questions. It's about making that connection emotionally so that people make the decision for themselves. People don't buy necessarily, because you did anything, but rather, you just help them decide, yes, I want to do this, and I'm going to figure out how to make it happen. And this is more important to me than ignoring it. This is more important to me than doing something else right now. This is more important to me than trying something else right now. That's one of the biggest things that that stops people from buying is they have they live in a life that's distracting them everywhere at every turn they're doing other things. How many you know that you you personally have so much stuff that you're doing in your life right now, every day, every day. And so the people that we're reaching, they have so much stuff that they're doing in their life as well. The distractions are like on on a whole other level with people you. And so the way that we go through those distractions is we figure out, what is that motivator inside of somebody that's going to motivate them to take action and to buy into the thing that we're selling? And we want to make sure that we're motivating the right people. We want to make sure that we're motivating people that we can get results with, which is why, again, it might only be three to 5% of people, but that three to 5% at scale will translate into the amount of sales that you need in your business. Alright, so I want to take some questions here as well on what we talked about, and maybe dive a little bit deeper as well. Like I mentioned, I canceled my chat GPT account and my chat GPT $200 account because the brand new uh, grok three that's over on uh X is completely beating it now Claude is supposed to re launch. Claude sonnet 3.7 it might be as good for marketing and writing. We don't know. Next week, I might be saying, okay, that one's better for your marketing. But as of today, this one, the grok one for research, for market research, and diving deeper into okay, what motivates people, what drives them, what can we use to close more sales? This is going to be it right here. This is the tool that I'm recommending everybody

[983:22] Speaker 5: use, right? And

[983:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's free to access with an X account. All right, raise your hand if you have questions, or maybe you asked. Let's see if you asked a question already. You

[989:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Chanda says, I'm doing a similar issue. You're gonna try to push it through there for your book. Tiffany says I was doing that too, sharing stories. And I started sharing content with my head instead of my heart. Yeah. So that's the thing. Is, when we get into our head and we're sharing stories with our head, we're marketing with our head and not from the heart, it comes across as inauthentic and doesn't connect with people. Sean, I've been playing with Brock three deep search. Really liking it, liking the sources that it shares. Yes, those are the books right there, the way the wolf, the Ultimate Sales Letter, never split the difference. By Chris boss, alright, anybody raise your hand if you got some questions. Tiffany, what's going on? Tiffany,

[1001:23] Speaker 2: well, sir, good. Well, afternoon. Now, I don't really have any questions. I ran to make some more coffee and sat down. So that's why I'm out of breath, but I wanted to celebrate some things real quick. So back to our coaching call that we had last April. You had shared with me about career and piece some things together for me and so very recently, as of Friday, I finally, finally realized who my my audience is, what I'm doing, and I also realized that I was unknowingly trying to piece together, speaking to the now, like, what's going on now people, and then I had, like, the past version of myself five years ago. So with the help of GPT, I don't even know what I did, but as a quick start, I just figured out, but with the help of chat GPT, I went in and figured out that I am literally talking to who I was and where I was five years ago, no joke. And so now I started using stories to connect with people, because I had a free phone call with an amazing coach friend on Friday, unlocked why I've been fearful to show up, and I'm like, Oh my gosh,

[1025:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: what? What was it? Why are you, if you don't mind sharing fearful

[1025:59] Speaker 2: that? So I've had a record. I just realized a few weeks ago that I've had this record of like, past voices of when I grew up in foster care, not to use my voice. You know you're going to sound angry. Don't sound bitter. Don't do it this way. And then I started thinking that don't look at this way, because if you look this way, then you won't get clients, and if you sound this way, then people aren't going to pay you, and you don't want to share your story this way, and you got to do it this way. And I'm just like, oh my gosh, this is exhausting. So I realized like that, so I addressed that, and then I just actually have been sharing things in a more bold manner, not afraid to show up. Awesome.

[1038:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah? Well, that's the thing. Is we, we. We can have just it could be something that one person said to us, like 10 years ago. Mm hmm, 20 years ago, that is literally like puts a lock on our voice, or the ability to show up, and so then when you try to sell, or you try to launch your landing page, or you try to go in there and work on your offers, it's literally a block to our behavior and our ability to be the person that we were meant and born to be, because we put so much. For some reason, our brain just puts so much stock and weight into that situation, usually to protect us, always to protect us, really, so that we don't get hurt, so that we don't make a mistake again, and Then it starts affecting our whole life, our personality, you know? Yep, that's it, yeah. And I that could be something from 50 years ago exactly, because here's the thing, the brain doesn't know that it was 50 years ago, 30 years ago, 10 years ago. All the brain knows is that it's a synapse of how it's always operated and right now, here and now, that's how we do things. And so that's the very interesting part about it. When people talk about, oh, it's childhood trauma and stuff like that and all that, well, it's sure that, that the wiring happened then, but in the here and now today, it's, it's completely controlling how you show up in your entire life, until we figure out, okay, let's rewire that and that. That is why it's mindset that changes so much. It changes everything when it comes to getting sales when it comes to getting clients and things like that. Like, that's why I had a thing. I'm going to share an example this because I love I really, this is great. I actually stopped referring people to this book about a year ago because I had something like, well, if people get offended by the fact of his story, they're not going to trust me and not going to want to work with me, and if people don't want to work with me, that means I'm a bad person. And that wiring, literally was like such a silly, though necessary belief that I had that now I don't have or hold to at all, because I've had to release that and let go. That's like when we talk about, okay, let go of being afraid of what other people think about you. Like that could be literally, like you said, what you that block that you were dealing with this weekend is where the root cause of that comes from, finding the root, yeah, cut it out. And then you replace the route with something that's more powerful and a new framework. Yeah, so you're doing it. So what have we replaced that belief with? Now

[1091:26] Speaker 2: I am capable and I am qualified. I also realized that the current things that have been happening in my job have also led up to piecing together, adding more depth to what I do with my membership, but also what that I'm capable, qualified, smart, skilled, and I people want to hear me. They want what I have.

[1097:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: They want to listen to you. They want to have people they do. They're going to be blessed by it, and they're going to want to invest a lot of money into it.

[1099:59] Speaker 2: Correct? They want to, yeah, they want to pay so thank you. Yeah,

[1101:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's it, all right. Uh, let's see. Sue, what's up? Sue, how are you I'm

[1103:31] Sue McGarvie: great. Jeremiah, um, yeah, things are going well. I'm, I'm selling memberships, you know, it's, I'm not doing 100 a week like I, you know, originally thought, all right, I gotta sell memberships. Um, and it's managing all of the moving parts, making sure that the Facebook ads and the Instagram ads, because it's easy to spend, you know, not what you spend, it's what you make. So a few things going on. I got two books that I think you should look at. One is sell like crazy, like I read. I read, yes, year four a week. And I'm a big fan. I I've read all of the three you've mentioned, but I haven't looked at the Dan Kennedy in a while. But I always use Dan Kennedy as a name in my prompts, okay, yes, Kennedy, like, grab you by the throat, headline or subject line or hook, which is

[1117:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: so funny, because it's like, I like that is like how he writes. Is like that. But then it's like, you. Literally use that prompt to, like, write sales copy for like, the most like, caring thing that you're doing for people you know

[1122:48] Sue McGarvie: else like him that I can because I keep thinking it's all Dan Kennedy is my prompt. Um, I'm wondering,

[1124:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: uh oh, Gary Halbert. Gary, I'm gonna look

[1125:11] Sue McGarvie: him up. Um, because the other one, the other book I'm reading that I just finished, was hack the humans storytelling for startups. Okay, really helpful. I'll send you the link if you want. But it was, it was great. And I just, while you were talking, I just went on and canceled my chat GPT membership because you are just so you know, you are spot on, on your software recommendations, I think, yeah, thank you. I don't think you appreciate how important that is, like you're, you know, you're great at getting us to it's

[1133:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: because I spend so much time with these software I understand, but nobody

[1134:15] Sue McGarvie: else is doing that. Yeah, really. I really want to take a moment and say, Jeremiah, that is the thing. That is your superpower. You are great at all of this stuff, but your software recommendations are absolutely spot on. Yeah, that is the piece that I think you can know people can get nowhere else. Yeah, I've looked I've looked around, I've, you know, I sampled everybody, and I'm here.

[1141:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I think too many people in this industry around coaching and marketing, they're trying to just, I think they are afraid to, there's a, it's a loaded answer, but I think they're afraid, that's why, yeah,

[1145:17] Sue McGarvie: I Well, I think, I think you're great and no, and you've also got a computer experience, and you really get it. So like, like, applaud you on that. I think if you're ever having a trouble, I'm going to write you another testimonial just about that, because I'm thinking there is nobody else in the industry. Yeah, better if you want to just

[1150:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: record me even, like, a video or something.

[1151:00] Sue McGarvie: I owe you one of those. That's no problem. I can do that. And you mentioned last week a software that posts on a variety of platforms that you were going to get your girl in, Metro cool. Metro cool. I looked at I, you know, you know, when you take it, when you're listening, and I'm like, What was he talking about? Metro cool, like Metra, like Metro, like met, not meta, but Metro

[1156:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: metric. Cool. By the way, it looks like Claude 3.7 sonnet was just released the new very version. So everyone's, it's

[1159:28] Sue McGarvie: not on Po, though, that's where I get it.

[1159:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Is on Po. They just added it. Okay, I'm gonna right here. Yeah, there's a post from post, yeah, code.

[1161:36] Sue McGarvie: And I have a thing in the middle of the night. And I'm, you know, I'm a middle aged woman. I wake up in the middle of the night, so I start talking to Claude, you know, instead, and I'm at a microphone community where

[1164:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm right, yeah, so this is the new one with deep reasoning and performance

[1165:04] Sue McGarvie: and deep reasoning. Okay, so I are gonna have have a thing, so we do that. So, okay, so Metro, cool. Gary Halbert,

[1167:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Gary Halbert copywriting is a copywriting legend guy, yeah, um, often times when I'm writing copy, I will actually use my mom's name, Sandy Krakowski, okay, cuz they because a lot of the content that things are trained on, when she was writing a lot of copy, a lot of the articles and stuff that are online have come from her sites and all that too good for her and her emails. So which a lot of those emails and landing pages? I wrote a lot of those too. I'm sure you do. So that's why I like using her name as one, that it's a little bit different. It's a little more fun than Dan Kennedy,

[1179:04] Speaker 5: and she takes no prisoners. He really does. She's, she's, what I like about her is she's really direct. I like that. Yeah,

[1181:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: by the way, a b e books is a great place to get books.

[1182:31] Sue McGarvie: A B E books, see, I do the the gray area I go to, I don't know, in the last time I paid, I shouldn't admit this publicly, but I, you know, I go to Anna's archive, and I go to, you know, I'm constantly because I used to have a $250 a month amazon BOOK habit. And,

[1188:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, oh, yeah, this site right here. Oh, I

[1189:29] Sue McGarvie: It's brilliant. I don't know if anybody's doing it is by far, my far site I go to the most often, and it

[1191:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: does have like

[1191:27] Sue McGarvie: crazy on there. Yes, okay, they have everything. I'm like, why? Yeah, no. It's like, Forget ordering it and

[1193:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: and I have, and that's where then you can bring these into the AI and

[1194:29] Sue McGarvie: I, and I, and I don't, I don't ask questions. Well, I just, I got rid of a whole bunch of bookshelves because it was cluttering it up. I have, I have 1000 books on my phone, yeah, backlit in the middle of the night, which means I can read and not disturb anybody. And I'm now at the point where reading a hardcover book makes me because I don't have the backlight. I. Oh, yeah. And I like, people are like, you can read on your phone. I'm like, I way prefer it. And then I used to have hard copies of any of my, you know, as a, as a therapist, I'd give them to my clients and never get them back. Now I now I get them electronically, and I can email them, yeah, yeah. It's different in Canada, in the US and Canada, it's a gray area, Canadian copyright. It's a gray area. I'm not,

[1205:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: you know, I think in the US, it's pretty, it's not, but

[1206:45] Speaker 5: it's pretty, not legal. I'm in Canada, it's a gray area, like, it's,

[1208:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's why I like, I like Abe, because, like, I could get a book for $4 okay,

[1209:44] Sue McGarvie: well, I will look at that $4 reasonable, and I'm happy to support the, you know, the authors, in many cases, well, these

[1211:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: are used books, so they're not super supporting the offer author. But okay, well,

[1212:25] Sue McGarvie: I don't want, I don't want stuff mailed to me. I don't want more books. I want them on my phone. Yeah,

[1213:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: hey, however you're getting the information, I'm not going to judge

[1215:04] Sue McGarvie: them. Jeremiah, I'm reading like three or four books a week, and then the ones that swim to the surface, the three you mentioned, are all great. I'm telling you, I loved that cell like crazy, awesome. Loved it. And the human one hack the humans is really good. Anyway, I will let somebody else talk, but that's what's going on. I will, yeah, I'm not really

[1220:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: hacking humans. The art of exploiting

[1221:40] Sue McGarvie: the storytelling hack humans. Oh, not telling for startups. Okay, entrepreneurial story. Tyler,

[1223:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: that was a article from the CIA I was reading. Yeah,

[1224:32] Speaker 5: no, well, I'm sure it's lovely. But no, this was about storytelling,

[1225:24] Speaker 6: storytelling

[1225:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: for startups. Okay, cool. Yeah, that

[1226:16] Sue McGarvie: was what it was. And so I will do that. So I'm looking, I have, what the other piece that I still I'm, I'm, I've hired somebody from Nigeria to do all my, to do my Thinkific, Zapier links, because I would spend a week trying to figure all that out. And they've just done it for $40 cool, and then I, and, you know, and it's, it's 40, like, I, I've spend it like, that's $40 a week when I do that. So it works out to a couple 100 bucks a month. I had somebody from Pakistan do all my backlinks for my SEO, 400 backlinks for 75 bucks. It exploded. Went up from like, the back pages, like the SEO for that. I thought was really good, really easy. Happy to give you that link. The guy was great, yeah. And, you know, I've had some that haven't been so good, but I'm, you know, but I think if you try it for 50 I always do a trial for a short amount of money and see how they form. And I've got somebody doing Instagram, fiber interest ads, and some they start at Fiverr. And then sometimes I've been referred to other people, okay, but I'm saying, if you're struggling with any of this, because Zapier was like, I'm like, this is Greek. What am I doing? I don't understand this. Yeah, and I just got somebody, and as long as you understand what it's supposed to do, it's cool. So those would be the three things that I have real that really have helped me. And you put me on to all of them. So I just want to thank you for that. And, and I will do video. I'm putting it right on my hand. Video for Jeremiah, I will do that. I will get you one. And you are a rock star around the technology. That is the piece great. So I'm going to look at, I'm going to look at code, so thanks again. Jeremiah,

[1253:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, definitely. All right. All right. Shonda, what's going on? Shonda, I do recommend paying for subscription to PO just because of the different tools. Again, probably the only two AI that I'm using right now, it's going to be po and grok three that I'm using right now. I'm not using any other other AI tools. But yeah, yeah, graph three for Deep Search. And the think is great,

[1260:42] Shonda Whitworth: alright? Shonda, yeah, that was one of my questions. But first I want to piggyback on Sue, what she was saying to you about you're the guy that with the technology. You're the one I second that. And the other thing I would like to say is that you will have so much skill in the copy and the training on copywriting that that is gold also. And I like that, so I'm glad to be a part of this. So I was asking also about Poe, which you said, yes, what about abacus? Do you still

[1271:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, yeah, so abacus kind of same as, same as po it's just 10 bucks cheaper. It's more of a budget thing. I find Poe is a little more powerful. Abacus is 10 bucks a month. Poe is 20 bucks a month. So alright,

[1275:14] Shonda Whitworth: so I find I use poem more than abacus. So yeah, I'm just kind of weighing directly in the other $10 a month. Then I let go of that one and the grog. I just started playing with that this week. And now that you show the difference between the Deep Search and the Yeah, thinking that was. It's

[1280:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: really powerful search is you're going to end up getting a lot of the same answers because it's searching the web, but it can give you a lot of great context. And then I use the thinking one to brainstorm out of the box. So I think of deep searches as kind of in the box, but it's going out there to see what's out there. And then the think one is kind of like it starts to process your question without limits. Okay, that's where we were able to kind of get to the answer that I was looking for, for Karen was using the like the think one and again, this is just, this is the progression of AI tools. When I first started talking about AI four years ago, it was Jasper, and then Jasper was like, and that was GPT 3.0 and then chat GPT came out that was way better than Jasper. Then GPT four came out that was way better. And now we have all these, like, thinking algorithms, which is the next iteration of it, which it's interesting. So what I used to do, oftentimes, to get the best AI, is I would generate, like, all these different prompts and stuff, and I would prompt it to do all this context information. Now the thinking algorithms do that automatically for you. And then if I just need to add a little bit more context, I'll have it think about something else. And then it'll, it'll give me the answer much quicker that way. So it's just, it's the, it's the natural progression of how this technology is changing, which is why now every if your AI doesn't do thinking it's not even worth anything like meta is llama. It's hard to recommend llama at all right now, because it's not doing that, but they're already saying llama four is going to have a thinking part to it.

[1309:44] Shonda Whitworth: So chat GPT four still has the thinking.

[1310:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, chat GPT is still really good for sales copy, but deep seek is also really good for sales copy. So that's why I would just say use Po, because that gives you access to deep seek. It gives you access to GPT. Four gives you access to Oh, one instead of Po, alright, yeah, you don't, you don't need chat GPT, really for anything right now I would, I would spend that same money over at Po, and it'll give you more verses. Well, I

[1318:08] Shonda Whitworth: use it on Po, not in, I haven't and then, and then use,

[1319:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: try to use grok, I'll say, though, that grock has not been the best at, like, writing sales copy. I tried it for writing sales copy, still not as good as deep seek, or GP or or GPT four, oh at writing sales copy, so like actual sales letters themselves, still better to use GPT four, oh and, or deep seek,

[1324:53] Shonda Whitworth: okay, so deep the grok is probably better for research and,

[1326:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: or context information, background, context, okay, okay, learning things If you need to learn something yourself. Really great at finding your own mental triggers and blocks. Can help you with that. Grok can, for sure. Grog can, okay, yeah, oh yeah. That's cool. Really good. That's cool. They have a, they have a, a voice version that you can talk to as well, if you have the paid one. The voice version has a mode called not a therapist, but that's what it is, basically, not a therapist, but it's

[1337:43] Shonda Whitworth: and that's Grog. Grog has a paid version.

[1338:31] Speaker 6: Jeremiah, it sounds like you're going through a challenging time what has been the most difficult part of this experience. So

[1340:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's like a It's the voice version of it, of grock,

[1341:34] Speaker 0: yeah. Okay. There's

[1343:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: also one called unhinged 18 and up. It'll swear at you and cuss you out. And it's like super, like toxic inside of the grok voice version. And then there's another one called sexy 18 and up. It's also like a really, like, weird kind of thing. So alright, but yeah, the voice version has different modes. There's like, storyteller, romantic, unhinged meditation, not a therapist, grok, doctor, sexy, 18 and up, and then professor, so or just default voice in that, all right? Well, again, like I said, it's uncensored. A lot of these other AIS censored different topics. And so they're, they're, they're kind of showing that they're so uncensored that they can do things that all the other apps wouldn't allow you to do, such as medical questions or therapy or romantic conversations with the AI. If, if you try to do a romantic conversation with most other AIS, it's like I can't talk. That way with you again. It's super weird, but I think people, yeah, lonely people, get into relationships with AI. So, yeah,

[1362:05] Speaker 3: okay,

[1363:08] Shonda Whitworth: that's over my head right now. All right, so I have another question. You were talking about distractions earlier. What dealing with distractions. So say, alright, like, I have a done for you client that she is using up a lot of my time. I mean, I'm getting paid really well, and it's really carrying my business right now. So I'm really grateful for that stream of income, but it is taking up time from working on copy building and working on the group coaching aspect of it, how or what suggestions do you have to do that? I mean, I mean, she was texting me, begging me, please come back. I need help. She's like, I'm going to pay you whatever rate you need to get well, and so I agreed

[1376:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: boundaries are important. Peter again, here's the key. Anywhere where you give up the boundary with somebody, even once you end up training them, that that's how you are permanently. Now, for instance, I went back and have worked with my mom and different stuff like that multiple times. Each time I change the boundary, because my life changed. I didn't have two kids five years ago. But what's great is, if you enforce the boundary, you train the person that that's how they can interact with you now. So now, like my mom just knows, like, I'm not going to respond immediately to anything she sends me, whereas five years ago, like that's what she required was, like immediate response. And so, yeah, it's, I think it's, it's, again, it's more of a boundary thing. Now, if you find that you have trouble with this person exercising your boundaries, it might be good to say no, especially if you find that they try to talk you out of your boundaries, I will say I've had people that I love, but they also are very good at talking me out of my boundaries.

[1399:15] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, and she might fall into that category.

[1399:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, yeah, it's just for some reason, like we end up they're like kryptonite for our boundaries. I'll admit it, like there's like that in her life.

[1402:31] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, she is a kryptonite, because she's 84 years old on hospice, wanting to get her book before she dies. Yeah, and so we're working,

[1405:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: but you just can tell them, I mean,

[1406:38] Shonda Whitworth: I mean, and I was hesitant to take her own at first, because she fell into the category of people that, oh, well, I'm on a limited budget, and may not have had capacity, but she reassured me that she had capacity, because I think, I think she has more money than friends right now, and so she's been paying me, but then one time, when I went over because she's paying me to meet her in person, because she's doesn't have the capacity work on computer and those kinds of things. So I pay your six figures. I'm charging her $100 an hour. I'm charging time back.

[1416:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's not worth it. Like for that type of behavior, I wouldn't do it for less than 9000 a month with anybody.

[1419:06] Shonda Whitworth: All right, so that's, that's why she's paying the assisted living facility she's at. Yeah, exactly, and yep, alright, so that's good. So I'm I know I wasn't charging,

[1422:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: nor is way too little for what you're doing. And

[1423:31] Shonda Whitworth: then, then there was a time I even the reason why she's been texting me saying, I'll pay you is because I drew back, because I went over to help her with something, and I took my invoice to her, and she goes, Oh, you want to check today? And I said, Well, yes, I would like to get paid. And she's like, I'm going broke. And then she started going into this whole thing, oh, it triggered me so bad situation?

[1429:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think, yeah, then, but she apologized

[1430:48] Shonda Whitworth: for that and asked for forgiveness. I'm sure she did, but to

[1432:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: manipulate people. So anyway, then, like

[1433:28] Shonda Whitworth: I said, carried it's helping me carry the business. It

[1434:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: sounded more and more like, this might not be a good fit with that person,

[1436:16] Shonda Whitworth: but Well, I'm about to wrap up with her on this one, and then she's like, maybe writing another book before she does. But

[1438:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's what I try to do with people like that. Wrap. Up the project, and then I level with them about how it's not working, and how a, my rates are going up, and B, I, you know, we have certain interactions. I just I'm not okay with and I have boundaries, and I need to enforce them, and so if we can't respect that, I think we need

[1444:44] Shonda Whitworth: to part ways. See tomorrow. Tomorrow's our Tomorrow's a wrap up day, see what

[1445:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Chef does after that conversation and say, like, like, if the person can't honor that, then they made their choice. We haven't been the one to enforce it. That's on you. I

[1451:07] Shonda Whitworth: haven't Okay, honest, I shut I shut down, yeah, when I'm with her, is that whole intimidation where I just, well, it might,

[1455:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, this might be a fun here's what I would do again, this. This is outside observer, because you're wrapping up. Make any future interactions a fun experiment to see how strongly you can exercise your boundaries and to train yourself to not shut down. And and what it is, is, what I think is, again, somebody like that, they will escalate, and they will try to then, you gotta be careful with this. You can't handle it and the relationship. But what I would do is, I would try to use this as a way to train yourself to not let people push you around like that, because it sounds like it's been a cycle for you for a while with different people. It

[1469:11] Shonda Whitworth: is. And I mean, and thanks to going to therapy too, not not because of you, but because of your encouragement to go, because

[1470:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: of it you go there, yeah, yeah, right, not

[1471:35] Shonda Whitworth: because of you, but because of you, but because of

[1472:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: the therapy often that you've given, yeah, this is, this is a great thing. Then you can also, then bring interaction with the therapist. You dive deeper into that. You can use grog to say, Okay, I'm talking to this person. I'm dealing with this really finding what those triggers are beneath the surface, right?

[1477:59] Shonda Whitworth: And this to assert myself, and that's what my therapist is teaching me, to assert yourself, being more assertive and

[1479:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: back to probably. So there's something deeper in who you are. Is why you end up shutting down? Cuz there's a version of Shonda that won't shut down around people like that. There's a version of Jeremiah. That I know that would shut down around certain personalities of people, and now today, who, who I am, doesn't I don't shy away from certain interactions, because I know that where I'm going, where I'm headed with the life that I'm called to. So here's the thing. Is, your does your ask yourself, Does this is this is good in prayer, God? Is there something connected to what I'm calling you to that I need to learn a lesson from connected with this person. Still, if not, am I released to go from this and that's what I've done oftentimes. And what will happen is usually, when I surrender to that, the person will end up kind of like leaving on their own themselves. And what I find is like, it's actually really beautiful. The stuff that, like, just bothers me so much about certain people and interactions, if I can just get to like the root of where that is, because here's the other weird part about it. There's some there's some like attachment that we have, that you might have to how this lady interacts, that maybe needs to be dealt with as well, and that's why, again, with your therapist, work through what that is. But again, it also might be a great idea to just never work with this person. Again, hard for me to say right now, definitely will be better for your mental health, not to

[1508:38] Shonda Whitworth: right? Well, she was telling me, but if you're

[1509:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to keep working with this person, then make it a make it a like something that you can learn from to grow and strengthen a skill at, just like how somebody needs to learn how to run a a five minute mile and they're not able to or seven minute mile when they're training, this is can be like a training type of a thing. And so again, a therapist might a therapist might not agree with that method of doing that, but that's why, as a business coach, I tell people, listen, sometimes we do business with people that might have personalities that we don't always want to interact with, but if we can get stronger. You're in those situations by coming out of it, there's benefit to it in all those different relationships as well. So, but again, if, like I said, if this person's like, a total kryptonite for you, and it just shuts you down, probably get out of the situation, right? And that might be because that might be the tough decision you got to make. So it's like, because it's,

[1526:17] Shonda Whitworth: I guess the tough part is because it is paying a lot more now than my group coaching is, yeah, and, and. But on the other hand, if I'm shutting down and not being able to be assertive in that area of communicating, then, yeah, well, but yeah,

[1533:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: what does Psalms one say?

[1535:20] Shonda Whitworth: It's to not sit in the Council of the ungodly.

[1536:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Delights in the law of the Lord, meditates on a day and night right now. Again, we might not say this is ungodly or sinful or things like that, but it might be unhealthy for you, and it also could be helpful for you to not be around that.

[1541:54] Shonda Whitworth: There you go. Yeah, alright, well, and then I guess so the boundaries with that, I haven't set clear boundaries to work with her and work with the business, because anytime she texts and wants an appointment, I'm dropping what I'm doing and going over there to the assisted living to work with her. Yeah. Yeah. And, alright, yeah. We did really fast too. We did her book in three and a half months. I mean, who does that? I mean, that's fast,

[1549:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah.

[1550:25] Shonda Whitworth: And so, yeah, alright. Well, got some stuff to think about, then I appreciate that, and thank you. Tiffany. All right, thanks. Jeremiah,

[1553:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, you bet. All right, Daniel, what's going on? Daniel,

[1554:37] Speaker 3: hey, just a lot of listening to a lot of good stuff just being talked about today. I was, I was really just thinking about near the beginning of the training today, when you were talking about the things that high integrity people tend to do or not do that seem to bottleneck their sales ability, versus, like, you know, just being in, like, a retail furniture sales floor environment. I don't work in sales. But I work around the salespeople a lot. I can see different calibers of integrity and character just every day. And I think just one of my thoughts on that. So I fed, I fed this question into chat. GPT, you know, naturally, because, like, we, I think we just all do that here. And, yeah, just asking it like, okay, what are, what are, you know, this is what's going on. We're in this training and and it was just talking about, like, the different, you know, for like, the things that low integrity people would do that actually they're not necessarily unethical. They might, they might feel wrong, you know, to somebody who has a higher level of integrity and character, maybe, like, you know, getting the sale and just moving on to the next thing without investing an excessive amount of time right into, like, babying the sale because you feel guilty for charging a certain amount and being like, Oh, well, I don't want to just move On to the next one. I think a lot of low integrity people. They would, they're just, they're making a ton of sales because they're just focused on efficiency, right? And they're not babying each and every sale. So, um, anyway, so I'm going to just stop talking about that. But I wanted just to get your thoughts are, does your course talk about all those bottlenecks, as far as, like, what high integrity people struggle with is that, like in that

[1586:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: course talks about it's less about the struggle and it's more about a framework for how to think. Because if you can start thinking in that way, that's going to help you a lot more to get the kind of results that you're wanting is, yeah, it's about thinking confidently. It's about showing up confidently. And again, one of the things like, I think might help you is being less concerned about like always being right and doing the right thing constantly might be helpful. Has probably main overarching focus in life this like I. Uh, making sure that you're doing the right thing, which is rooted often in, like, a fear of doing the wrong thing, the fear of getting it wrong and like that. I can tell you, as somebody who dealt with that my whole life, somebody who's lived their life that way, and I still struggle with that. It doesn't help us. It doesn't help us at all. And I think you know exactly what I mean when I say that, like the fear of I gotta get it right. I can't. I don't. I don't want to be doing the wrong thing. I don't want to do anything that's like bad I want to make sure I'm doing it the right way, to make sure I'm doing totally doing right by everybody, like because somebody who does the right thing that's effective doesn't think about it, they just do that thing, and yes, they will make mistakes. That's where embracing making mistakes also becomes it's okay to make a mistake, and that's where like so I found like for me, I would get so hyper defensive anytime I would do the wrong thing. And then some of it pointed out, I get super defensive and have to, like, fix it and help everybody see that I wasn't a bad person. And when it's like, okay, wait a sec. I don't need to prove myself that much. I don't need to prove myself to anybody in that regard, and just kind of figuring out, okay, where does that come from, that I need to make sure I'm always doing the right thing, or I'm always right or I'm always saying the right thing. I'm afraid of doing what's wrong. I'm afraid of doing the wrong things. I'll tell you that there's a because it sounds so weird to say it that way, like, well, if I'm not a because here's the thing, it's not that you're doing the right thing because you're afraid of doing the wrong thing, or you're working so hard to do the right thing. We just do the thing. We just do in the way we know to do it. Just we just do it right or wrong doesn't really kind of equate into the question of what I'm doing, just doing it. And I think that that, like, even from a philosophical level, is actually a lot more healthier if you find that you're doing something that's like, Okay, this isn't working. Like, we can identify that. But I think oftentimes we use these labels of right and wrong as they can, they hinder us more than anything else, because we're putting so much focus on them. Sure, they're always going to be there, but let's not put like our main focus on those on that, on that. It's like you focus less on that, and you felt confident and safe to just do, do the thing number one, I'll say as somebody, whenever I've been that way, I end up making more mistakes. I end up dropping more balls. I end up offending people. Sometimes I end up sometimes that's been the hardest thing in my marriage, because I'll have, I'll have a breakthrough in my marriage, and then I'll feel really confident, and so then I stop, like, worrying about dropping balls and making mistakes, and then I end up doing a bunch of stuff that, like, just irks and rubs my wife the wrong way. And I had to train myself to where, like, I don't shut down or go or revert back backwards if I did that instead of just like, Okay, let me learn from this. But I don't need to, like, protect myself, get out, getting out of this self protection mode, this home, yeah, because we weren't you giving me a lot of golf and we felt safe all the time to just do what we want. What would we do? That's a question. If we if I wasn't protecting myself so much and I felt safe enough to just do the thing I want to do, what would I do? And now what ends up happening is we have to come face to face with who we really are. Because I found when I actually had that conversation with myself, I actually didn't like the answer. I wasn't happy with the answer. I wasn't happy with who showed up. Felt ashamed if people knew who showed up. And so then I figured out, okay, where does that come from? Where does. Where does that thing that I felt ashamed of people finding out about come from? And why am I? Why am I like? Feeling this way, that I need to hide that, and that's why. So like in therapy, in parts work therapy, they call that like the exile parts. We don't allow to show up and learning there's two or I think Shadow Work can call it like your shadow, parts like your shadow, and realizing that it's like this is like all of us have these things that we feel like are not like, like a part of us, it's not worthy, it's not good enough. And when you start to realize that, actually, that part of you is worthy and is good enough, and actually part of your superpower of who you are is connected to that there's actually a beautiful piece of you that we've been disconnected from because we're so focused on doing the right thing and never allowing that part of us to do the wrong thing that then what that does is it unlocks, like so much creativity and the ability to feel confident and not afraid, and to show up and help people and show up in the world The way that we were, that we're meant to. I um, so again, that's why I recommend a lot of people, you can find a therapist that knows ifs or again, I use AI. I tell it, you act like you're a therapist that's trained in ifs therapy, internal family systems therapy, to help me identify what's going on with these parts of me that is dealing with this, and that might be something as simple as like, okay, my wife said this. I got triggered. I responded in the defensive way, and then she got upset by that, and then we ended up not getting along. And I just feel so this and this, this. Can you help me identify, what are the parts that's going on in here, and then the I use the AI to help me break down what's going on beneath the surface. And that, oh, that's really helpful. So it

[1720:25] Speaker 3: is helpful. Yeah, it actually, it made me think about just kind of what, just where I'm, where I feel stuck right now, and it's not that I'm, you know, doomed to being stuck. And I, I believe that I'm, there's, there's hope. So I do believe I have hope. But, yeah, I feel like I am, I am stuck in that, that it's more than just like analysis paralysis. There's there. There's a reason that I am holding back. I think actually, part of that, as you were speaking, I'm realizing a lot of that I've actually been holding things back for probably at least a year, year and a half now, like solidly. And I specifically marked that time because, like, last year I had, I had this, you know, this exodus from a previous spiritual community that I was very close with and involved in. And a lot of that was a lot of that spurred from me speaking my truth, sharing my truth, and essentially not being received for, not only for what I said, but I felt like who I was and what I had was rejected. But even before that point, before that point, leading worship from a platform to be very bluntly honest, and this may be the first time I vocalized it like this, I was working alongside a heavily narcissistic, at least one in particular, one heavily narcissistic, manipulative leader, and I spent a very long time just really, actually not speaking my truth as clearly as I would have. You know, if I could go back like I would have liked to, you know, I'm like, it may have been beneficial, but I I was holding back my gift, and I was like, I was kind of, like, thresholding the brakes, you know, like that whole book about take your foot off the brakes. I was doing that because, and a lot of it was unconscious. I didn't even realize it. And so I was trying to, like, let my gift flow, but there was like, so much pain and unresolved frustration internally about who I was working alongside and and so in action. To be honest with you, when Shonda was talking about the individual she was working with, not to say, I'm not. Putting any labels on that individual, saying that they're narcissistic, or anything like that. I mean, I can definitely, I definitely feel like there's definitely some manipulation on that clients, then going on. It was just, it was, it was triggering to me in a way where I'm like, I've that resonates with something inside of me, you know? And so I think there's that fear, and I'm just, I'm just being open with everybody here, you know, I think there's that fear of, am I, will I be received, right? And so, and sometimes I do try to push through that. I'm like, You know what? I'm just going to speak what I believe is on my heart, and I'm just going to, like, choose for a moment just to not care if this has a positive or a negative effect on somebody's emotions. Because I believe, at the core, that what I'm sharing is not, it's not to be harmful. It is to is to be helpful. So yeah, but honestly, if I were to, if I were to take one takeaway from everything that you just shared with me right now. Maybe it's that I need some intentional counseling or therapy myself. That's that's really because I'm like, I feel I sense a lot of hurts and anger and frustration in my soul. Yeah, and, you know, this might not be an actual group therapy session. I know you guys are, and, you know, everybody's kind of in a different head space, and don't want to, you know, and here's, and what I was just about to do, I was just about to, like, apologize, like, but, you know, I don't want to put a, you know, it's like, you know what, we're all here, we're, we're all we're all here for, you know, our own we have our own motivations for, like, why we're here, and we all want to get something from this might look a little different, yeah, but yeah, I keep hearing therapy, so I'm like, maybe I should try that.

[1791:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: The reason I use therapy in a unique way, the way I always used it, was like, Okay, I have a behavior and this. And when I talk about the AI, like, AI therapy type stuff, I use it the same way. I'm like, Okay, this is the behavior. This is what's going on. This is the trigger. This was the feeling. This is how and then this is how I would like it to go. Let me find the gap, the disconnect, what's the root cause of this? And how can I rewire my brain and myself to change what's going on here? And then what's great is, like, with a with a therapist, like, definitely, like, my, my therapist was like, Okay, you, you need to just, like, stop talking to those people. You know, he, like, told me that, and then, like, immediately, like, that was a huge one right there, because I kept, like, putting myself into situations that would trigger me. And he's like, is there do you need to go into those situations? Like, like, I found like, I was somewhat addicted to getting, like, verbally abused by people because I enjoyed, like, figuring out how to not let it trigger me, but then I would get triggered. And it became a cycle of, like, the self instead of me having self hatred and letting other people hate, hate on me, type of a thing. And so like, my therapist able to help me, like, Okay, you let's, like, make it the key. Like you just you don't spend time around people that talk to you that way, and you don't and you don't interact with them, you just like, end the conversation. You don't need to continue it. And that alone was like a huge thing for me that helped a bunch of my life. And that's what like working with a therapist helped me, was having somebody that can bounce some of those opinions off of that was a objective, and then B also trained in, like, what's the actual neurological because the brain is crazy dude, there's like, there's literally, like, these, like wires, they can get criss crossed. And then you have a behavior, because you have, like, you have three situations in your past that they all merged into this, like, lopsided, like, brain wiring, and then you can't feel why you can't, like, show up to the to the dinner table confidently, and it's literally like, like, that's what it is. So that's what, like, a good therapist will help you. You'll see behavior change after like, just a couple of sessions, and then here's what will happen, then other behaviors end up showing up. Because now we dealt with this, but now there's something else that's deeper that showed up, right? So, like, I found some of my so if I was really struggling with it stemmed from it all stemmed from abuse that I had over 17 years ago when I lived in Texas and I was close friends with some very bad people that were my roommates, and I didn't realize they were using me for money and manipulating me and I. Uh, like them, like threatening me with my life and all kinds of crazy stuff. It just why. So, like, it wired my brain to constantly be super defensive, because they, these people, actually end up conditioning me to be hyper defensive so that I would look guilty for like, things that they did. So they would go commit a crime, and then the police would come question me for it, and I would be defensive about something they did, and it got the eyes off of them, and these and my roommates were conditioning me in that way again. This was a long time ago, so that was, like, hyper conditioning abuse that I dealt with, and my therapist helped me, like, remember, actually, a lot of this that I was dealing with for so long came from that moment. It actually had almost nothing, because I'm like, I've dealt with all the childhood stuff. Why am I still dealing with it? And it was as soon as I like, oh, okay, my roommates actually, like, they created. It's called a Kafka trap type of a thing. So a Kafka trap is a linguistic trick to deceive and manipulate people. Oh, it's, it's where, like I

[1862:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: uh, yeah. In the book the trial, the protagonist is arrested and accused of crimes. There's no explanation or description. His refusal to acknowledge it means that he must be guilty. The only way he stops the abuse is to admit that he's guilty. And so it's like a, it's like a whole, like guilty until proven innocent, type of a thing that, like I had found that I was like, in this sort of crazy dynamic of and that's what my therapist helped me discover, how that was affecting every relationship in my life, and that changed my life. Things actually got a little bit harder for a little bit there, and that's the interesting thing, because I have this one way of living, and now I've rewired it, and now it's like, I feel like I'm lost, and I had to, like, relearn a bit of, like, what it meant to be myself. And so now, like on the other side of that, I can see so much value in having somebody I worked with to go through that with. So hopefully that was encouraging for you.

[1881:27] Speaker 3: Yeah, it was. Thank you. Awesome. Thank you, yep,

[1882:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then that was causing me to show up in my sales interaction, super nervous and defensive and afraid to sell to people. Yep, alright, alright, y'all, well, I'm going to wrap up here today, next week, we have our live Q and A, and I will see you all. Then stay tuned. In the group, we have our course all about funnel frameworks. I did the second lesson. I recorded it last night, and it's great. Came out really good. It's all about, like, the overarching frameworks of creating funnels. I think that can be really helpful. So So Adele, yes, I saw what you said about Jamie C about entrepreneurship being self development on crack, because the idea is, when you're building a business, it's digging up all the stuff, because you literally can't be effective until you dig it all up and change that behavior. Because a lot of the way that we as people are wired outside of the business world doesn't allow us to be a business leader, so we have to develop personally to be able to change a lot of those behaviors, and then that changes how we show up, how we interact like it could be as simple as somebody shows up, they they hire a somebody in the Philippines to work for them, but because of something that they they they deal with in that interaction, they're struggling to get the best work out of this person that they hired. I dealt with that as well. Well, I wasn't getting the best workout of people I had hired because I was afraid to I was afraid to micromanage them because of how I had been abusively micromanaged myself. I was afraid to even manage people I was hiring. And so I had to, like heal from that, to change that behavior. So if I'm not able to manage people well because of some trauma that I have that I need to work through, and now suddenly I'm able to manage people better, that's an immediate effect on my business right there. So those are just some examples. When I talk about therapy or mental health, it's always about Okay. So there's a behavior that's blocking me from getting my business goal, or blocking me from having the relationship I want, or blocking me from having the life that I want. Let me figure out how to where that comes from, so that it becomes like autopilot for me to do the thing I want to do. So it's not so hard and difficult, because otherwise, like you end up sweating bullets just trying to do like the basics. And it's because subconsciously, there's this stuff that's all got you caught up the the mental weeds that we're dealing with, so time to do some pruning. All right, y'all, I will see you next week. Have a good one. Bye.

