WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-07-14T20:29:48.000Z
Duration: 81 min
Otter ID: XAW6xrxy4N9rg6ayJgiBMIZpAvU
---

[0:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, welcome on in to our live training here. Welcome to the recording. For those of you that are watching the recording, we're going to go live here in the Facebook group. Just go grab the info on that. Hello, Akiko. Welcome to the live training here today. Customs, right there we go. Say, I'm

[11:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: hmm, on Zoom, here put July 14, 2025, to five, there we go, and then the

[19:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: streaming page is loading. Go stream it in the group once that loads up. Hey, Shonda, how are you welcome? On in

[22:32] Shonda Whitworth: I am good. Thank you. Hey, after the training, I've got some I got a landing page copy I'd like reviewed if you got time.

[24:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great. Yeah. Alright, awesome. Definitely. We had a we had a flat tire on our truck today, so I had to go take it in to get the tires

[28:16] Shonda Whitworth: done on it. Oh, that never happens when it's convenient.

[29:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, no, never. So, yeah, I figured out, like, how to time it and everything I'd like. I just got back, I had lunch, and then hopped in the Uber. All, right, going live in the Hello, Tiffany, how are you go live in the group? Okay, cool. Well, I got, I got two things I want to talk about here today that I want to share with you that I think is going to help your business. One of them is practical and has to do with your marketing, your sales, copy, your ads and all that. And I think it's a, it's a, it's a big shift that I used to talk about it a lot on my free trainings, and I realized, like it needs to it's more something that, like, once somebody's in my ecosystem, I think they can understand it a lot better. The other one is, more of a mindset thing. So we're going to kind of talk about the two of those things. Let's start with the practical one here first, let's see Karen's jumping on. I wanted to share some excitement with her. Hey, Karen, I saw your message that you had somebody who signed up for your

[56:13] Speaker 2: Yeah, like, she wants everything awesome. Like she's my ideal client, like all of her kids. Like, basically, she's about to go through a divorce from a narcissistic, from a narcissist. Yep, been there, done that. Yeah. That's why I'm so good at some of the things that I do

[61:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: well. And again, that might be like a sub niche. A lot of times you're going to find people that are online, that are looking for coaching. They probably have a similar story to that,

[64:34] Speaker 2: yeah, and she really wants parenting coaching, like, yeah, she wants me to help her kids more, like, not really hire me as a psychologist. Yeah, yeah. So it's even better. Yeah, cool.

[67:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, that's awesome. I love hearing that. Let's get, let's get you five and 10 more people just like that, and then keep that growing from there. So Alright, so today, what I wanted to talk about, and this is great, like you mentioned, she's your ideal client, and all that is one of the temptations that we have when building our business online, especially if you're like, Okay, I'm doing I'm doing all the work. I'm getting all the stuff up, but maybe you're not getting the ideal client, as if there's a temptation to just, Okay, I'm just going to do business with anybody whatever can pay me things like that. And I've dealt with that. I even still. To this day, can say that I struggle with with that in some areas, some aspects, and always, it always bites me. In the end, I always am like, you know what? I should have said no to that client. I should have said no to this particular situation, but I needed the money or something like that. And so it's like, it's not a good it's not going to help you, necessarily. To do that in our marketing, with our sales copy, with our ads, with our social media content. Not only do we want to attract the right client, the people that are dream clients, the ones that we want to work with, but we also simultaneously want to repel the ones that aren't meant to work with us. Are not the ones that fit into that and I want you to like under maybe take a list of who are the people that maybe you would not want to do business with. What do they have in common? For me, I me, how do I put this? Somebody who is not teachable or coachable is a big one for me, somebody who is unwilling to learn a new way of doing things, and they, quote, unquote, just want to me to tell them what to do. Always, never, never works out somebody who's not willing to grow. And I can look back at like, it starts out great, usually with a person like this, because they're like, oh yeah. Like, I trust you. I'll just do whatever you say to do. But I can tell they're not necessarily willing to grow as a person. They just want the action steps. They don't want coaching. They don't want to evolve. And what ends up happening is the the first moment of things not working out and in business, this is always going to happen. Things are never going to work out. How we plan them to initially, but they end up. It ends up moving us towards the outcome at the end of the process that we're looking for

[117:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: my cat, my cat came into my office and left the door wide open, and kids are sleeping downstairs, so I had to go close the door. So here's like, here's an example of what that looks like. It's like, it starts out great. And somebody's like, oh yeah, tell me what to do. Do this. And then, and then I'm like, Hey, let's try this. What if you tried this? What if you had this different perspective, which, again, I know that that different perspective is what's going to get that person the results that they're looking for. But if that person is like, No, I don't want to do that, then I can almost be certain that that things are not going to work out well for them, and that they're going to end up disappointed in the end, and that it's literally just going to end up being a scenario where it's like there's not progress being made. There's a roadblock that ends up happening because of the lack of teachability, lack of personal growth that the person has. And and I just, I find that there's people that there's like this. And so the other one is, if somebody is like and I'm just giving like examples in my business, if somebody is not willing to learn a new skill. They're not willing to stretch themselves try something differently. They're very argumentative all the time about why something won't work for them, constantly arguing this. And I say this from experience, because when I was marketing my business years ago, I would try to validate myself to these people. I would try to get them to be convinced that I can help them. I'm like, okay, they have a business that I know that I can help their problem, and then I end up subconsciously going into this CO dependent trying to earn their trust and belief in me as far as that goes in order to do the things that they need to do. So I end up taking on emotionally, the charge and the responsibility for their actions and the fact that they're not doing the things that's going to help them. I I'll give you an example what this looks like. I'm coaching somebody. I'm like, Okay, go do this. Take this example. This is going to help. And they're like, No, I really don't want to do that. Honestly, it just seems like too much work. It's just not something that I want to do at all. And so that I work on three or four other scenarios and like, no. I don't really want to do those things, like at the end of the day, I'm like, okay, that person is going to have to grow in one of those immovable areas in their life that they've made a decision that they're unwilling to do in order to get a result. And every single time that I meet a person like that, it always ends in disappointment. On their end. All the time, they're like, Well, you told me you could help me get results, and then I didn't. And I was like, You didn't do anything that I actually mentioned to do. And then it just becomes a back and forth battle of defensiveness, of who's right, who's wrong, and all that. And it's just that is not a healthy coaching scenario. I don't, I don't even engage in those types of interactions anymore. Now, instead of defending myself, I will usually probably just agree with the person like, yeah, it's probably not going to work out for you. And it's probably as a is, you know, as far as I go, there's a lot of different scenarios for that, so we don't want to operate out of a scarcity mindset of, well, I'll just take on anybody you want to get really clear as to who you can best work with, and then who you don't want to work with. And you really need, it's not a bad thing to have certain people that you don't want to work with at all. And sometimes they can share similarities too. Sometimes it's just for your own sanity. I have noticed I'll have a certain type of client that I, that I I, I love working with. But then there's like, a it shifts over to this where they're like, they end up getting really arrogant and then almost trying to teach me how to do things. I've had this happen because I have a very open person who's open to criticism and ideas, and always, constantly looking at new information and ideas and stuff like that. And then I'll have a scenario where now this person ends up putting themselves in a role of authority over me, and then that becomes a very weird scenario, or in the coaching interaction. And so part of this too is there's twofold. Number one is, if you do end up having a situation like that with a client, as a coach and as a mentor, it is important to maintain your boundaries. It's all this is all about boundaries. Is what it is. I have a boundary as far as who I will work with, and if I notice that an interaction starts going in that direction, I put a hard and fast boundary around getting feedback from that person doing things like that, because I just, I know that it's never going to work out well for both of us in the end. So I've developed a standard of boundaries and what I'm willing to do and what I and what I've noticed is like, as I've done this, I attract my dream clients. I have wonderful relationships in business. I have people that I absolutely love working with. Even if things didn't work out perfectly, it still ends on a good, positive note, and it still works out well in the end for everybody overall. And so that's what we that's what we want to look at, is we want to take a look at number one. I want you to realize, too, as a mentor and as a coach, the responsibility of taking action on what you mentor somebody on. It's a it's twofold. As a coach, you have the responsibility to coach somebody well and to say the hard things, kind of like I'm saying right now, kind of like what I've just mentioned for the last 15 minutes, what I've said right now. I'll tell you if I said what I just shared with somebody who I didn't have trust built. See, I used to say this in my free webinars, and it would not resonate because it was to somebody that I didn't have trust built with. So it depends on, like, Okay, does the person you're talking to, do they have trust in you? And then are they teachable to the thing for you to share the hard things that they need to hear if I see a client who is not taking action, not moving forward, making excuses. And by the way, the excuses are always in the form of really good, important reasons why they can't. They're always and it may come across even as me being harsh to them, to tell them, hey, let's take a look at like, Okay. Why are things not getting done, and me accepting the fact that okay, they might not like that. I'm saying this, but I know that it's going to be the best thing that they need. To hear. So that's the that's what I'm talking about. Like the authority and like what like having authority as a coach and doing that, but you can't do that unless you have the right type of clients with you. So you can't operate as the best coach that you can be. If somebody is not willing to be teachable, they're not willing to be coachable, or they or they're just not even in the right industry. They're not in the right niche. They don't have the right skill set. I remember when I was started this business right here. I was marketing to everybody who was trying to build a business online. And then I remember even two years ago, marketing to people who anybody who wanted to start a coaching business. Now, I've niched down to like, Okay, you have to be somebody who knows how to teach people. Because I've just, I've found that, like, if somebody doesn't even know how to mentor people, they don't even know how to get started on that side of things, nine times out of 10, they're going to end up disappointed in the end, because they're looking for a get rich quick scheme. And I don't provide get rich quick schemes. I provide a strategy and a system that can be worked that produces results. I don't provide just something that like, Okay, you just, you press two buttons, and now it prints, it prints $100,000 a year, though it might sound like that sometimes, from our marketing, a savvy coach understands, like, that's not necessarily the case of how those things work, but what they are looking for is, what is the edge? What is the slight edge? It's actually a very small edge that's going to help them start to get sales and start to go above and beyond where they're already at. Most coaches and mentors don't make any money online. They don't get any they barely get enough clients to even make it worth their time, most people, most people that are running online, coaching, mentor and information businesses, they're just not making enough money from it. That's most people.

[275:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we understand like, that's the average in the industry. How do you go above the average, which is making six figures, which is making honestly, making seven figures is extremely rare. Making six figures is not as difficult. I find. I think, I think every coach can make six figures, not every coach can make seven figures. And I know, and I know that to be the case. I think because it's it's such a such a shift in their identity, that a person to become a seven figure coach, they have to shift so much of their identity and who they are that to go from like 2030, to 50 to $100,000 a month is such a giant shift in who they are that they're that they're oftentimes unwilling to and many times, that person's going to need, like three i Here's what I've seen. Most people who want to go from six to seven figures, they end up having to get like, three or four different coaches that help in different aspects of their their mindset. Many times, they're also working with a therapist that's working through triggers. One of the biggest reasons why most people don't make seven figures has to do with their thinking and their own mental triggers and their procrastination and their decision making processes, more than anything else, speeding up how much decision making you're making. So again, all that to say this is just an example from my business. How does this translate into your business? One thing that, like Karen mentioned, the person came from a background of a narcissistic relationship. If she starts to notice that a lot of the people that she's working with have that type of a background, it might be interesting to include that in the sales copy, to include that as a piece in there. I know Akiko is working with people that are over a certain age bracket for fitness and health, and so like repelling anybody who is underneath that age bracket by using certain imagery, by using certain language on the landing page in my mom's menopause mentorship, we very specifically, very obviously make it clear that it's only for women over 40. Is what it is only for women over 40, because anybody men and then women under 40 are just not the right group of people. So the so the way that you repel the client has to do with the sales copy itself. What are the words that are written on the landing page? That you're sending to people. And so here's another example of this that I that I will often do for something like this. And you know what? I'm looking I'm I'm looking back at two of my landing pages, and I'm noticing I actually didn't do a great job of this, but I could do better. This is only for coaches and course creators who refuse to choose. Yeah, so this is good, right here, I had some better language. Where's the one six figure? Let me see. No, it's funny. I need to, I need to go back to using some of that language that I was before. See, I noticed little nuances where I even fail at doing what my what I teach, and then I'm like, oh, that probably would have helped a lot with that. So I used to have a little section at the top of the sales copy, like, I have a new we're going to do it live right here. I'm going to show you we have a new offer. I'm just finished writing the emails for a 30 minute class. Now check this out. By the way, I'm playing off of the psychology here. The actual video is 45 minutes long, but the sales pitch is about 20 minutes of that. So the actual class part is under 30 minutes. And so I'm saying it's a 30 minute class, and I'm using a tool that doesn't show like the length of it, because the actual class part is only 30 minutes long. So that's why I'm able to say 30 minute class right here. Okay, get 1000 subscribers. But here's the thing, here's the part that is missing from this page. And I always do this whenever I create landing pages and offers as I go back and I will, like, as I'm launching it, I'll notice, like, little nuances and things like that. But as I'm teaching you, I'm noticing it right now. Let's go log into Squarespace, and I'm going to show you how I would address this. I'm

[353:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: in the sales copy. Why

[355:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: is that not working? Okay, this is logged in. Here's the dashboard. Here we go. Oh, you got to put forward slash config. I see they changed that it used to redirect automatically. The Art of lead getting okay.

[362:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is for coaches, mentors, trainers, thought leaders and course creators. Who are you?

[369:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Uh, massive, and I gotta put the six figure plus financial results in their business.

[373:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, we'll just do that right there. So this is what, this is what I would do, is I would put this as copy at the top of the landing page. I might even put this as only for I used to put because I used to try to repel perfectionists. I used to have a line where I would put on here. Also, if you are a perfectionist, please do not attend. I don't do that anymore because I noticed, like I am a recovering perfectionist, and I know now how to handle and deal with that perfectionist piece in people and how to mentor it better. So I've included, like, it's okay if you're a perfectionist coming into my space, because honestly, that's probably the type of person that I can coach the best. Is it somebody who's a perfectionist? So this right here, is a line of sales copy that once I'm running ads or marketing for somebody to see this as far as who it's for, specifically helps deter. It helps deter network marketers or real estate agents or things like that. You know, I, I remember I was going through my leads I was getting from this offer right here. This is so funny. Again, you you see what you see certain times and sometimes I'm blind to it. I got so many real estate agents that signed up for this class right here, even though it says coaching business. Dollars. And I think the reason why is because it literally doesn't mention who it's for at the top of it.

[403:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, like, I had so many real estate agents, just like, going through and opting into this off of the ads that I was running for some reason, like, that's who I was getting a bunch of leads from, was real estate agents. Now I also did get coaches, but like, think about that. I want to repel real estate agents. And in fact, that was another thing that I used to put if you are in network marketing, real estate e commerce or other industries not mentioned above. This will not help you, and I'll tell you, like putting that on there, I know is actually a trigger and a tag that's going to make sure the algorithm is going to pull up the right people now off of this, because it's going to repel a lot of those people that I don't want jumping in. I don't want a bunch of people from these other like they're trying to get network marketing leads or things like that. I specifically want to focus in on coaches, mentors, trainers, thought leaders, course creators. Because, again, somebody could come in for network marketing, they're going to leave faster than they came in my program, because I don't serve this demographic or group of people. I don't work with that group of people, nor do I plan on shifting my program to serving that group of people. Okay, so, like that's a great example of repelling the wrong group of people with your sales copy and making sure that you're attracting the right people describing who your ideal customer is, client. What are they doing? Paying attention to who are the people that are probably not a good fit to work with you, that might find your ad again when it comes to the algorithm and when it comes to social media, when it comes to Facebook ads and Instagram ads. Sometimes it'll, you'll, you'll get a lot of leads from the wrong people, and then the algorithm thinks that those are the right people, because you're getting a ton of leads. And it all just has to do with your sales copy right there.

[442:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, all right. Now, the second thing that I wanted to share with you was something that I have been learning over the last week or so, and I've heard it time and time again. I've heard it over and over and over again. I'm

[451:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to give you an example of what it was. Yesterday I was outside with my kids, and we've had some of y'all have seen the flooding that's happened down here. Well, we we get treatment, we spray our yard and all that for mosquitoes. But we had just, I'm telling you, every mosquito in the state of Texas was probably in our backyard yesterday. It was so annoying, and they were just biting my legs. I sprayed the I have, like a natural lemongrass spray. We don't use any, like harsh, some of y'all probably don't know this about us. We don't use any, like, harsh, toxic chemicals or anything for anything in our house. That's all as natural as we can get, and it works most of the time, except for yesterday, for some reason, these mosquitoes were just biting my legs, and I was getting irritated, and I was getting agitated, and I'm trying to watch my kids and have a great attitude, and I'm just angry. And I reminded myself, you know what? Even in a crappy situation, mosquitoes biting you, and sure is the solution. Just go with back in the house. Okay, sure, but there's reasons why the we needed to get some energy out with Halston. We wanted to, he wanted to play outside stuff like that. Okay, so I was like, Well, how can I feel gratitude for mosquitoes biting me, and immediately I was like, wait a sec. No, have gratitude for the fact that you're able to hang out with your kids in the backyard. Find the positive in the situation, and be grateful for the fact that you have time right now that you can. Spend with your kids. And what ended up happening was like, literally, I didn't notice the mosquitoes as much, luckily, for some reason, like when mosquitoes bite my legs, the the poison disappears. If I just take a nice hot shower, I sweat it out, and then it's all gone. So I'm thankful that my body detoxes it that well. But so I'm not like itching right now or anything, but it's like that was a crappy situation. And I realized that, like now I'm showing up for my kids with this energy that is just not doing great. And then I started to look at other parts of my life where I show up without the best energy, no matter what the situation is that's going on and Things aren't going to how I want them to, and I just have to remind myself to be grateful for the opportunity and the chance and the privilege to be able to be able to be alive in this situation. Again. I'm not going to explain all these different situations to you. I'll give you one of them. We had a giant hailstorm, and I, like, just damaged a bunch of stuff in our house, but, but I have just been grateful and grateful throughout the whole thing, and we've gotten more and more money that's come in from insurance, and it's been incredible. I found that I was getting really exhausted. I business doesn't exhaust me. Business is like playing video games for me, like, it's it's very pleasurable for me to do business stuff. Like, business is fun for me. All the stuff that involves business is super fun for me. And I pray every single person that's here, and I'll tell you, like, even, like, the most challenging parts of my business are fun for me, because the challenge is what I strive for is what I look for. I look for the next big challenge, the next thing that's going to challenge me and stretch me and push me to the next level, because I know that that's going to literally just unlock the next level of what I'm wanting in my life, but my personal life outside of business, I can get really exhausted, emotionally, mentally, physically, with what's going on in My personal life. And I found that having gratitude, I COVID in the exhausting situations, like I have gratitude that I get to clean up the house at night and help my wife and kids do that, and that's completely shifted my energy to where now my creativity that ever since Kyron was born, this, this, this actually happened. This happened right when my wife got pregnant with Kyra, because I let fear take over in my life. I let this fear and worry, I had some real, tangible fear of like I don't know how I'm going to handle business and having two kids, I can crush it with one kid, but I don't know how to do two. And then after my wife gave birth in October, you know, I overcompensated a little bit, but I just was like, Okay, this is i i can't do the burnout thing. Refuse to, and I started to get ungrateful about having my kids. I started to not have gratitude and feeling really upset about the life that I had, the life that I had chosen, because I was like, Okay, I have a, I have a I have a brain that is very creative when it comes to Business, it can come up with the most incredible solutions, like, I like, I know that, and I just I, I am thankful and grateful for that. My kryptonite for that is fear, worry, stress, animosity, you. Criticism, feeling ungrateful, feeling irritated. It just zaps the creativity out of me for for sometimes for weeks, to where, like I like I just, I like my superpower in business, like I can't even tap into it sometimes. And I just, I started to get really frustrated at the fact that, okay, like, before I had kids, before I had two kids, this was happening, I would have all this creativity, and now I just can't seem to tap into it. Or it comes like, like, I'll have creativity for like a day, or like a week, and then it just disappears. And I started to reverse engineer, okay, what do those moments of creativity have in common? Well, usually it's when everything in my life is, quote, unquote, going how I want it to. And so I started to realize, huh, I've had maybe a week where things are going how I want them to, and that's great, but it's all up here. It's all about how I am perceiving the world around me that determines my creativity, my energy, and how much I am willing to do in my business. And then I started to look at, okay, is there a way to get myself into that state of mind on demand? And gratitude is one of the things, because, again, you cannot operate out of true gratitude. And so there's like a there's like a lip service version of gratitude that's not real. It's like, oh yeah, I'm grateful. But man, bless God, I hate this. That's not gratitude. I'm talking to like a heartfelt like you really go deep in your heart and you say, You know what, I am fully grateful of this situation, and I am in this right now for the lessons that it's teaching me, for the results that I'm going to get out of it, for the chance and the opportunity to be here today. And I look at that even in a situation that I don't want, okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you an example of this. I don't know if I feel comfortable giving that example. That's okay only because it it's about another person, and I don't like talking about other people in that way. There's a situation that was happening that was irritating me with somebody, and it just got worse and worse and worse, and that somebody in my personal life, it's not my not my wife, not my kids, and

[610:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: it wasn't a situation where I could just remove myself from the situation, and it's something that I agreed to, and I finally just was Like, just, it was like, draining me that this was happening, and I realized, like, you know what? What if I just have gratitude for the fact that I can help this person right now, and I can go through this situation and then it's going to make for a great story in the future, and that it's okay, and then it's a good thing, and then I'm grateful for it, even if it costs me more money, even if it's going to to It's not how I would want things to go it's okay and so, and it's like, it's kind of like our our sense of control, control over another person and things like that type of a thing, is letting go of the need for control of other people and just feeling grateful for that opportunity, and then what I realized is the reason why gratitude, in and of itself, doesn't really do anything. It's kind of like a fun thing that you can do, but what really matters is the energetic shift inside of you to where internally you are in a state of joy and happiness in the midst of a less than optimal situation. And if you can learn to cultivate inside of yourself where you have a vision for the future, and I'm talking about being able to do this no matter what situation you're in, no matter how things. Things are going for you. You have a vision for the future, for where you're going. You have complete, and this is, I think this is the important part. You have complete and utter gratitude for your present situation, for how things are currently going. Because you could, we could, often times, look into the future and say, well, bless God, I'll be happy when I'm there at the destination. And as coaches and mentors, we help people get to a destination. But what we have to do is we have to realize that what's going to get there is where we're at today. We have to become the person that is going to get to that place. And it starts by aligning your thoughts, your feelings, your emotions, your nervous system, your worries, your fears, your insecurities, your doubts, and aligning them with that future that you want to where that future version of you that's making a million dollars you say, You know what I'm going to imagine today. What would I do? How would I feel if I was making a million dollars today? How would I look at the world differently? How would I show up differently? What kind of gratitude would I have then? And let me tell you something. The reason why you want to get this now and not wait until the future is because here's what ends up happening, you'll get to the million dollars, and then your energy and your nervous system and all of that will literally go back to the same place where it was, where you're dissatisfied, where you're not grateful, where You're now wanting to get to the next level. And there's a piece of that that is like, Oh, that's okay. There's a healthy dissatisfaction. I think that you can, I think that, like, you can go so far into this where you have apathy, where you're not going to make changes, where you're not going to grow, because it's just like, I'm just accepting of how everything is. Like, I don't think that that's healthy either. I think that that can sometimes become prevalent in certain spiritual practices that are taught that way. I think making a plan for where you want to go, and then aligning yourself, your spirit, aligning your thoughts, your prayers, aligning your energy with that future version of yourself to where you are today, walking in that and then what ends up happening is, and what this means is like you have the same level of happiness and joy and you're not walking out of well, once I get there, then I'll be happy, type of a thing. You're just like, You know what? I feel free and excited and fun and happy right now, where I'm at. Unfortunately, most people that exist on planet Earth. Never understand this. And so this goes beyond just visualizing the outcome, visualizing the life that you want. It goes beyond just feeling it. It's about creating an atmosphere and an environment in your current present situation, no matter what is happening right now, where you start aligning yourself with where you're going to start to feel that way in the future, You literally, like a lot of this. It's directly connected to your feelings and emotions. It is. This is a very like when we talk about mindset. This is a very real feelings and emotions side of mindset. It's not, it's, it's the opposite end of the spectrum of logic. Do your logical part of your brain might even have trouble with it a little bit. And so when you can kind of bring the two together where it's like, okay, the logical part of the brain knows that, like, Hey, we're not there yet. We're working towards that goal. But the logical part of the brain also knows, and I think this is the part that I'd love for you to install in your mind a little bit. It knows that if you shift the emotions that you're gonna get to the outcome faster, that if you shift your emotions in alignment with the outcome that you want. Happens before it happens. The strategies and the outcomes and the creativity and the actions that you take are going to be more effective and so And what's funny is, I don't actually think that there, that there's like a there's like a woo, woo, spiritual sense to this. And if, like, if you're into that, that's great. But this is actually, I think, more logical and practical than we realize. Is that if you just get your brain, because your brain is certain, like neurotransmitters, and there's electricity and things like that. If you just get your brain into a place where it can think clearly, where it's not in constant fight or flight, or it's not trying to protect itself, where it is operating from a place as if you are already there, already here's what, here's what I notice. And this is why, okay, this is why taking imperfect action is so valuable in your business, because Imperfect Action aligns your body and your mind chemically with an action taking person who has now done the things that's going to get them to the next level. And so it opens up a part of the brain that was previously dormant before you took action. There's a creative center in the brain that is almost turned off until you start taking action. And then it opens up and you get flooded with all of these ideas of what to do next and things like that. And until you've done it until you've like done that, you won't experience it. And so it's figuring out how to get yourself into that state of mind, that emotional state, that physical state, that mental state of somebody who is receiving those outcomes. What can you do right now? You can take imperfect action. You can operate in gratitude. You can work on what are those parts of you that are in conflict with each other? How do we integrate them, mentally and emotionally to where you're thriving, and then the creativity starts to flow, the risk taking, the ability to where you're not overwhelmed by the technology. I liken this sometimes to i

[768:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Uh, okay, some of y'all know this about me. Some of you all don't. Y'all don't. I used to have a real I used to struggle with alcohol a lot. I used to drink a lot of alcohol. I have not drank alcohol. It's in September. It'll be four, four years. Haven't had any alcohol in four years, and I used to drink it to get creative ideas for my business, because it would turn off that part of me that would second guess myself, that would struggle and things like that. And so what I found is that,

[781:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: without the alcohol, what I've done is the gratitude and aligning my emotions and my thoughts and my feelings in a place that's excited and exuberant, it's more effective than it was when I was drinking alcohol, at coming up with ideas, at turning off that hesitancy that I had, at having more courage. People always say liquid courage, right? Alcohol lowers your inhibitions, but gratitude also can, in a very healthy way, lower your inhibitions in a very practical way, aligning your energy and emotions, you'll be less likely to pause or be super cautious, in a way that's not healthy. When you have gratitude, you align your energy with that. So that's what I found, is like, I don't need to drink alcohol, if I just get my emotions and my feelings into alignment with this place of joy and gratitude. And I remember what's the vision that I'm going and I also I trust that. Uh, for me, I have to, I have to have trust in God, that God is going to direct my footsteps, that God is going to guide me, that I am going to be taken care of, that I don't need to worry. And I'll tell you my faith does give me that it does, and that's been another big piece right there is aligning my beliefs and my faith in God. Is that last piece that helps me not feel afraid to take action, not feel afraid to go out there and do something that might seem risky, might seem scary, might not give me the immediate, instant gratification that I'm looking for, but I can trust the process. And so that's that's what I want to, like, encourage you in today is trusting the process and learning, like really studying how internally knowing yourself, when are you operating at your most creative, with your least hesitancy, with your I really think a lot of our quote, unquote inhibitions that We have when it comes to our business are not healthy. They're not practical. There's a level that some of them are, I think. And I've gone to the deep end where, like, I just had none and just was operating like a silly person. You don't want to do that. But like, I think that we're just, we operate way too cautious when it comes to putting stuff out there, putting ourselves out there, and when you can figure out what gives us confidence, it really is about cultivating confidence before we have The outcome, before we actually have the practical outcome, creating that internal sense of belief and confidence in yourself and the process and what you're going out to set out to do, before you even maybe have evidence that it's going to work out. And so that's what taking imperfect action, and I think gratitude are two really huge pieces of that, because they literally shift your energy into that place of confidence in a big way. So that's why I wanted to just share with you, is those two things about your sales, copy, repelling the wrong customers, that will also give you confidence as well knowing that you're working with the right people and then being like being intentional. I'm more intentional today, now in my life and business, and I get way better results of aligning my energy and and maintaining consistency of my confident energy that I even am anymore on the practical strategic side of things, because I know that the strategy is going to work. Now what I need to do is I just need to show up in a way that is confident, and just do the work consistently and it'll work out, and that's the biggest thing, and because I'll come up with how to modify things, how to adjust them, what are the ways to take different angles when I do that? So again, I hope this was helpful, as I shared this with you guys here. All right, let me go read through the chat. Let's see if anything's gonna come up right here. Karen met her through a in person workshop. Okay, working from desperation, not a great plan. I've helped everyone, anyone learned the hard way being here has helped me. Had that happened to me? If they're knowledgeable, then, yeah, clients who don't take responsibility for their own behavior are frustrating. Two years ago, it may have been that neither of us was in the right place to work together. Very glad to be on board repellent on your landing page. It's cool this to get to see you implement your own teaching, getting more specific with your copy. Tiffany, one thing I did want to mention I uh, to you, I've been looking at some of your content, actually, that you've been sharing, and I'm not gonna do you mind if I put you on the spot? Tiffany,

[878:51] Speaker 3: okay,

[879:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe. I should

[880:09] Speaker 3: know, I'm, you know, you go ahead and then I'll, I'll deepen that a little bit, just to give more context and clarity. But I'm always up for feedback.

[885:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of the things is, when you're making content, you want to invite other people into the story, in the narrative, rather than only talking about, like, what you're going through personally. Oh, so that. So that's one thing that I would mention that might help you a little bit.

[891:22] Speaker 3: Can you, like, give an example, because I kind of know what you mean, but

[892:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, some of your content is like, you know, I don't do this. I don't work with people like this, because I what like, that's, those are great declarations. However, I don't think other people care about that. Uh huh, that much. Okay, so how do you reframe that to make it for somebody else? Yes, and so like, let's go. Let's go into chat. GPT, let's, let's try this. Reframe this as a piece of content for someone else that would benefit them. I had a breakthrough. I made a piece of content that was like, I don't put up with lazy, lame people. They suck. Not that your content said that. We're just used as an example, right? I

[906:40] Speaker 3: can share with you my content. You can use that as a real life example. But like,

[908:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: but like, I just want to use an extreme example and then like to reframe it. Okay, okay. The I will say some of the content you posted, some of the energy feels like that a little bit. Oh,

[912:52] Speaker 3: okay, okay, yeah, there's a Yeah.

[914:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, like,

[917:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's see. So it created a whole like,

[919:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, I make this less preachy. That's the thing is, like you don't want to get preachy with your content. Yeah, that didn't work. Let's let me. Let me go see right here real quick. I'll pull up something practically.

[924:43] Speaker 3: I don't mind if you even because I did a post yesterday, because I'm, I'm in a place in my life where I am, what's the word healing from performance, and there's a lot of things going on where I'm realizing some things, and it's, I guess you can say I'm not only healing but speaking my truth and walking through a reclamation at the same time. Yeah. So yesterday, I got to thinking about what's actually going on in my life and and with people, and I'm like, You know what? I've I've literally, like, had enough of people's

[937:57] Speaker 2: Yeah, so

[938:32] Speaker 3: yeah, you can share what I posted yesterday, not the not the thing in the graphic, but the longer post.

[940:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here we go. I just realized I've been stuck in prove myself mode so long I kept my best ideas on the shelf, dropping the act because hiding what you do helps no one. I've been in performance mode, improving, not sharing my gifts. Let's see I finally

[949:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: realized God didn't wire me with these gifts. I could keep polishing them backstage. Hiding them is actually withholding the light somebody else might need time to step out trust. So again, like something like that, where it's like it kind of invites people a little bit more into it.

[953:44] Speaker 3: Okay, that's what I'm learning, yeah,

[954:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: is it's kind of like, it's not just like Tiffany sharing how Tiffany's feeling, even though social media, like says to do that if Yeah, it's more inviting other people into the narrative. Okay, don't get like over like analytical of this. I think, like, a tiny tweak to your content will actually help it start to get some engagement. Because it's like, it's like, almost there, like, the topics are great. They're framed. I was noticing. I was like, you just changed their framing to where you're sort of including your audience into it.

[964:51] Speaker 3: Oh, okay, that's, I think that's the tip I've needed, because I've been trying to figure it out. And I'm not like, I don't hate people, and I'm not like, screw you in, you know, mode, but it's like, oh, okay, so Okay, well, that's that's helpful. I will definitely start implementing that as well.

[972:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, hey, Deborah, how you doing

[973:28] Speaker 4: today's a good day. I'll take it

[974:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. I'll tell you,

[975:19] Speaker 4: when I started connecting the dots from long COVID and lime, I just feel like now I know now I know a path to get better. You know what I mean? So, um, so today's a good day. Yesterday sucked. I was down most the day, but I'll take today, and I really appreciate everything you were sharing. It was really good, because mindset is everything, you know what I mean? It's, it's how we approach this. And I know for me personally, it's like, I'm not walking out of this season empty handed. Like, yes, that's I am determined, and I am still working on my EFT stuff. So I have a question, and I hope I can formulate it correctly, um, because I was listening to you on my way home, and then I got cut off because I got out in the country, but now I'm reconnected. And so my question is, I'm getting ready to set it up. I have tiers inside the app. I'm using that app that I talked to you about before, and my first tier is just like a low level. And it's basically like a low level amount to collect a lot of people. If somebody wants to go deeper, then they'll go to the next level. And then if they want specialized, you know, treatment or whatever, that's where they're really going to pay for my one on one attention kind of thing, if that makes sense. So as I'm preparing the this first level that I want available to anybody, because it is for Christians. Um, my question is like, do I give them the full recipe, or do I stick with the basic EFT recipe

[1003:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: for your, for your paid program or free offer

[1004:17] Speaker 4: it. The first level is, see, now I feel like all this twisty stuff inside of me. Um, okay, the first level is like, for them to get the app from like Apple store or something like that. Okay, so it's, it's a really low fee, it's it, and it's going to have just like three samples of EFT. And I'm trying to decide if I give them my basic recipe, or I'm sorry if I give them my believers tap recipe, or if I give them the just the basic recipe. See, let me see if I can say it this way. There's a basic recipe that everybody uses. Just jump online. You can get it anywhere. Okay with mine. I'm including prayer. I'm including breath work. I'm including, um,

[1021:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: why wouldn't you include that in the

[1023:08] Speaker 4: I don't know. That's why I wanted to ask you, like, should I share that up front. There's this one girl that is in the kind

[1025:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: of like, sure that it's Christian based up front,

[1026:24] Speaker 4: yes, yes. Then share, share that up front. Okay, all right, yeah, definitely. I was going to. And then I noticed this one girl who put something out, who was kind of like in the circles that I'm in, and she didn't. What she did is she gave her testimony, she talked about how powerful it was. She kind of like did the the why, but not the how. And then she offered her course on how, for like, 20 bucks or something like that. So I'm like, I when I learned that this weekend, like, I really wanted to ask you to, because my initial thought was to just lay it out there. This is how I do it.

[1039:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well again, if it's like a paid thing that people are getting, it's. You just got, you gotta think about what's the purpose behind this? Is it to ascend them to something else? Is it? Is the purpose to like this is going to get them the most result? Or is it selling something to them later? But I would, I would like not hide the fact that you're that it's Christian based at all? I don't think that that's

[1046:08] Speaker 4: No, I'm not doing that. But do I say, like I have a call? I call it a recipe, you know? But basically, you know, step one is prayer. Actually, step one is identifying you have something that hasn't been resolved through prayer. That's step one. So what are we going to do about it? Right? So then step two is actual like, first you write out what it is, and then Then step two is like prayer, and then, you know, the breathing, and then you have to evaluate it. So, like, there's this process in the one girl I noticed this week, she does not give any of the process. All she does is say her testimony and why it's valuable, and then she says, you know, email me or you can take my course for like, 20

[1059:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: bucks. So the reason why that's a that's like a that's like a webinar or a VSL, yeah, so that's like a, like a marketing tool that will, if you're making this as a marketing tool to market a bigger program, then yes, you should do it that way, where you don't share, like everything. You just share kind of the beginning, and you give an overview of that. Okay, if this is something that they're necessarily paying for that has, like, a specific promised outcome, then you should include that in there, but like,

[1068:54] Speaker 4: thank you. I think you just answered my question. Yeah? Because, what I because, like, when you go study apps online, they give you a sample, yeah, and then you decide if you really want to download that app or not,

[1072:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so, so how I wanted, when I'm creating a webinar, like, I have this 30 minute class get 1000 subscribers that one, the art of lead Getting one, yeah, I'm sharing like, 20 minutes of like, the first steps of like, the overview of the process of getting leads, but I'm not going into like, step by step of how to grow their email list. Okay? Because what I want them to do is, I want them to join our program to be able to, like, really go through that with us, right? So it just all depends on is, is it an offer that is going to lead to purchase something on the back end of it, or is this like the main thing that you're selling?

[1086:18] Speaker 4: It's an offer. It's like the step one, like, if it goes out to Apple and Google, I think it's called Google Play, that people can just download it on their phones, and then, so, like, for a small fee, they can download it on their phones, and then they can get more services if they do, like, a upgrade,

[1092:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, okay, yeah. So yeah, for the initial one you just I would take the basic recipe, but then make it unique to you, that, like, there's something like a unique mechanism to it from your, like, your bigger one, that makes it stand out a little bit

[1097:19] Speaker 4: more. Yes, and I have that down pat. I just didn't like watching what she did kind of threw me off, but what you just said, just verified it because, like, because I'm sending it out as an app, that's why I'm heading in this direction, because I want them to have a sample of it.

[1102:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: And, yeah, be careful when you're watching, like, other people's other do that we don't overthink and over analyze everything.

[1104:34] Speaker 4: So I thought I would talk to Jeremiah about how they're doing it.

[1105:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you got a lot more in like kind of your your I think your vision and idea for this is probably going to be a lot better for how you're going to

[1108:16] Speaker 4: find out. I feel like this is something the Lord keeps bringing me back to, and it's like an assignment. And so as I fulfill it, whether it takes off or not, I have fulfilled what I'm supposed to do. And there have been times in life I've fulfilled things, and I got I received fruit from it that I wanted. And then there's times in life I've I've done it, and it's like, oh, that's not what I was expecting. But boy, I learned a lot. So, yeah, so All right, I'm gonna stay steady my course. Thank you so much. There

[1117:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go. Yep, uh. What's up? Shonda? How you doing? Shonda, you.

[1120:14] Speaker 4: Hey, I'm sorry.

[1120:32] Shonda Whitworth: I just ran to let them down in

[1121:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, I can barely hear you. Can you? Can you hear me? Not very well. Can

[1123:04] Speaker 4: you hear me? Sounds

[1123:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: like your microphone is across the room.

[1125:25] Shonda Whitworth: Can you hear me now? That's better, yeah, well, I unplugged the mic, so yeah, that's much better. Okay, all right, I thank you for the training today. It was such confirmation on so many things that I was already doing and and I've recently said no to potential clients. So that was, it was a little unnerving, but for my own piece, I had to. And so anyway, thank you for that. Also, I am working on a landing page, and I have it up. Let me, let me drop it in the chat and wondering if you would give me some feedback. I don't I have a space holder for a video, and that's what I want to ask you, too, when you're looking at it, is it good to have a video on the first landing page or a graphic? Which do you think is? I think a video is better now? A video is better now?

[1140:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, this is great. Wow. That's like a that's like a new level for your sales copy. I love this,

[1143:33] Shonda Whitworth: yeah, and I thought you were teaching that. I'm like, I just put that. I

[1144:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: feel it feels really good. Like, like, it's like, again, this is a perfect example. What was your What was your offer? Before it was like how to write your book? Right?

[1147:44] Shonda Whitworth: Uh, conquer, overwhelm, conquer, overwhelm, right?

[1148:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, we've shifted towards, what's that positive outcome, what's that thing that that transformation, that they're stepping into? And then we've amplified it outside of just beyond, just like get your book written, but rather like, you're unlocking your author, just so good. Like, that's, that's a great hook. I love that. You like that. Okay, I do, yeah. Are you finally ready? Yep, yep. There's something that kind of calls you to to account a little bit. I really feels powerful. It feels a lot more powerful than what I've seen you have before. So good job. And, yeah, so like the even the landing page structure is great. It's a great job. Thank you. There's like, not anything that I see that like, like stands out that I would

[1165:52] Shonda Whitworth: necessarily even the written copy there, I know you read fast. That's in my About section. In the other section,

[1168:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, let me see,

[1170:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, it's really good. Like, I feel like, I feel like you like, kind of like, this is like a, like a next level for you. As far as creating an offer goes, good job.

[1174:54] Shonda Whitworth: All right, yeah, I'm, I'm leading them to, I'm going to have a live class. What

[1176:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: do you feel shifted between your last offer and this one for you?

[1177:27] Shonda Whitworth: Um, I guess, you know, this is July already, like, I guess I really, the last six eight months, I have really been in doing a lot of counseling, yeah, and, I mean, I've kind of stepped back and maintaining business. I mean, there was other things going on but, and then getting real clear on me and getting more and who I am and what I want to do, and more feeling more certain about it,

[1186:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're owning your your authority, so now you're able to call others up to that level, right? Whereas I think before that was harder for you to do,

[1188:37] Shonda Whitworth: right? I was doing it, but I didn't really believe in me. There you go, Yep, and so, like, even though I was doing it,

[1190:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so and so, isn't it interesting? Like that directly shifts into how the sales copy is written, how you show up with your offer. So now we translate this because I think, like, I think the last couple of, like, sales letters and stuff that you've shown like this is, this is amazing. This is great. Now, the the the thing is, is for you to get really good at promoting your offer to people. Get we get really good at promoting your offers to people, letting people know what you got available, and that you know that'll. Challenge certain things inside of you.

[1200:46] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah. So what I'm going to do with this, I mean, there is also a VIP page, if you want to take a look at that one, also, I dropped that. I dropped, I dropped, I dropped the link. I don't have that all set up yet. If you want to, that's not all set up. That's not going to go anywhere. I don't have I dropped the link. I'm still working on connecting all the dots. Yeah, no, this is great,

[1208:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: awesome. Wow. It's priced really good.

[1211:29] Shonda Whitworth: This is awesome. Alright, so what I'm going to do in that I'm going to have, it's going to be a two hour masterclass with a one hour VIP, and then I'm going to have, oh, thank you. I want to have a one day event on doing your book planning blueprint to get clarity. And I'm going to use this quote I heard by let me, let me find the quote to anyway, if you don't have a clear path to where you're going, you'll take the path of lesser, less resistance kind of quote. And so I'm going to sell a one day event to for your book blue planning event workshop for one day for 197 to have your book all mapped out and know where you're going to go. One day event. And yeah, then after that, those that want to continue working with me can go into the membership.

[1226:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, that's that sounds like a really great I have seen that funnel work well. It'll take a little bit more work to get the sales, but it can work really good because you're going deep with them, yeah, the one day event. And then whenever you offer, I would offer something that's a little more expensive at the one day event that then they can sign up for with you as well.

[1232:08] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so that was one thing I worked on as an offer stack, because I thought I really don't have an offer stack. And something I thought about, I mean, either there's the membership that they can go into and help, you know, with the monthly membership. But it also thought about either a 30 day writing write your book, or a 90 day write your book event where I show up every week for those time periods to help them stay on track and accountability to write their book kind of kind of deal. And after, after the plan, after they get their outline and their plan done the I like 120

[1243:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: day four month, a four month deal like breaking things down into four month increments. And you could charge a little bit more when you do it as a four month as well.

[1247:29] Shonda Whitworth: So that could be like a 229 97 or 4997

[1248:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: kind of, yeah, you can offer, like, a payment plan on that, and that's where, like, you'll work with them during that time to get those, those things accomplished. Yep,

[1251:58] Shonda Whitworth: all right. Well, the thing I'm feeling I'm getting there. I guess you saw me kind of quince flinch there, but to stop playing small and go big, yeah. And, you know, $100 doing it, though, $100 membership is just not getting me where I want to go. Yeah, yeah. And, and, yeah.

[1258:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, the $100 membership, monthly membership, more of a stair stepping thing to the the high ticket offers that you have as well. And so if you again, like, if we're not starting out with a big budget and advertising to get, like, hundreds of members, then you gotta have some kind of like a higher ticket offer too, to offer to those people as well.

[1265:45] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, well, thank you for the feedback. I feel really good. I guess I've been working on that for three or four days solid. So awesome. So, yeah, I'm trying, like you said one other time that you got it to where you can do it in four days. That's what I'm working on doing. So yeah, three, three days of working on that. Now, just gotta do the connecting the dots, so that when you put in your email address, it'll take you to the next page. It'll add the tags and the automation emails.

[1274:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, yeah, awesome.

[1275:07] Shonda Whitworth: All right, I appreciate that. All right,

[1276:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: very cool. Alrighty, see anyone else? Anybody else got any other questions, comments, anything they want to go over here today, practically, that they want reviewed or looked at? I.

[1283:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, we will see tomorrow we will have our VIP call with our VIPs. I'm thinking of, not sure when yet, I'm thinking of possibly opening back up the enrollment into the VIP program to for a few more people. We have, like, two more people jump in, but I want to, we're having a great time over there, just to kind of the different conversations that we're having. We have completely different conversations in the VIP group than we even do over here. It's very interesting, like, the next level that that ends up being. So I think it's awesome. Yeah, I'm not sure yet when, but I think I'd like to do that here soon. Yes, tomorrow's our VIP call. If you, if you want to jump into our VIP program too, you could just write me and tell me, and I can do a call with you and talk about that as well. So, but anyways, All right, y'all, I will see our VIPs tomorrow. For everyone else, we will have our Q and A next Monday. Have a good one. Bye.

