WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-09-22T20:23:27.000Z
Duration: 93 min
Otter ID: ksDW2-0PJeddiVXZPN9oEnvO7-8
---

[1:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, this is gonna be good. Hello, Michelle, how are you? Very well. Very well, nice to see you. You as well. Hi, Shonda, how are you?

[7:21] Shonda Whitworth: Hi, Jeremiah, I'm good. How about you

[8:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: doing good? We you have, you have, you have boys, right?

[9:57] Speaker 1: Yes,

[10:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, we're in the emergency room on Saturday and Sunday, one for Kyron, and then the next day for Halston.

[13:10] Shonda Whitworth: Oh, my goodness, Jeremiah, yeah,

[14:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Kyron fell on a toy and cut his head open. Had to get staples, and then Halston was playing on my back and jumped off onto a table. So, yeah,

[17:22] Speaker 1: yeah.

[17:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, boys, right, yeah,

[18:03] Shonda Whitworth: exactly. I mean, your mom's a boy mom, right? You don't have oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

[19:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: So Abigail is, like, I had no idea.

[20:27] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, boy moms, it's a whole

[21:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: different all girl house. So, oh,

[21:40] Shonda Whitworth: so she's not used to that, and seeing my son that, well, they have one girl so far. I don't know what number two will be, but

[23:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: girls are wild. But boys are a different, I think, a different level

[24:56] Shonda Whitworth: they they are and so, yeah, they get rough.

[26:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Boys have a lot of aggression. And because their testosterone is like, so high, right?

[28:00] Shonda Whitworth: And so halston's What is he two yet? Is he he's almost three, three, so he's almost three. And so he's learning more of that aggression. And the baby's held one. So, yeah, I mean, so yeah, you'll start seeing they'll start fighting with each other here pretty soon, if they're not already,

[33:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: they, yeah, they start to a little bit, but we break it up.

[34:24] Shonda Whitworth: So yeah, that wrestling with one another. And I remember one of the things, if I may share, one of the things about learning about boys is sometimes you just got to let them play rough and Russell in a safe in a safe environment, of course, but, but that was one of the hardest things for me as a mom to let them do. I always wanted to break it up Absolutely.

[41:32] Speaker 0: But anyway,

[42:07] Shonda Whitworth: all right, let's I didn't know. I mean, I'm glad they're okay. I'm glad to hear that,

[43:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: right? I know, I know. And it's just happens, so we do the best we can to protect them. And Abigail's like, Okay, I'm changing all the tables so that there's no hard edges, like,

[48:16] Shonda Whitworth: I'm putting pool noodles on a lot of things in his house, wrapped in pool nose. You can get, you can get those on sale, maybe if you can find any.

[50:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, all right, well, hey, today is our live training here today. I got a great one. I know a couple people said they had to miss here. They wrote me in and said they had to miss our training today. But I'm excited to share this. I just want to make sure I go live in the Facebook group before I get started with the training. So let me just get this up and running here. You gotta put that stream key in there, put that streaming URL, and then the last part is right here, I'll tell you, though all this stuff having kids has taught me more about managing my my emotions, and regulating my emotions and staying on track, more than anything else, because it's like, you know, how do you stay on track with your business and all that when you got so much chaos going on? That's a lesson for another time. I made a bunch of podcast episodes on that topic just over what I've learned over the last weeks on that this, if you go through the podcast, the Grow Your Life podcast, those have just such great trainings on them, as well as my YouTube channel, there's a lot I always I do at least one podcast episode a week and one YouTube training a week, and it's different than what I talk about in here. So it's just, it's a great resource to go check out. Alright, today we're going to be talking about our funnels and more than just what, let me get the let me get the Facebook group going again. Sorry about this. Okay. Live training. September, 22 2025 Joining us on, okay, and then that should be going live in the group. Now, okay, so we're gonna be talking about is our funnels. But more than just funnel strategy, the truth is, is that most offers and funnels that we develop and come up with, they they work on paper, but then when you go out there to get clients many times often, it can lead to crickets. You'll get almost nobody who's signing up or registering or even showing up for your offer. And so I've had offers that have had that happen, but I also most of the offers that we launch about 90, 95% of them are really just exceptional, as far as hundreds, even 1000s, of people registering for them. We we just launched an offer about two weeks ago, and we got nearly 500 people that have paid, paid $5 for a lead magnet. So it's just a webinar, it's a it's a webinar that we're charging $5 for, and we positioned it like it's a class, a blueprint, and it's really just incredible, how many people are showing up with that, and then from that, because they've paid, it's qualifying people far better than, say, a free webinar goes. And so that's one of the things, is that number one is that I think that a lot of the webinar model, I think we should move to doing these 495 to $7 paid classes. I wouldn't, I wouldn't go more expensive than that, because then your ads cost is going to start to cost a lot. But what we ran into, which is really cool is, is that at 495 the ads that we're running, it's only costing us $4 in ads to get a registration. So it's not actually costing anything as far as the ad spend goes, which is really cool. And by the way, even if it was costing us, because sometimes you can do this, and it might cost you $10 to get a $5 sale. I'm losing $5 this. That's not a bad thing. That's just subsidizing 50% of your ads cost, which is great. And so even at that stage, I think that that's incredible. And I would try to at least, even if you're even if you're only making back 30% of your ads cost, I think that that would be really good, but I think it's better than 0% because of the fact that they're more qualified people. Okay, now I want to break down as far as just, what are the steps for a funnel like this? And I really just, I want to get back to the basics. I think with everybody, we can look at so many different models and funnels and and Alex hermosi recently had his his training that was out there, his money models training. I'll tell you, Alex is incredible. Got great. He's genius, brilliant. Here's the problem that he inadvertently creates that he also solves, and he knows he does it. Whenever Alex releases a book, it creates a lot of chaos in marketers. In the marketing world, everybody starts scrambling in 20 million different directions trying to find the best thing. Same with Russell Brunson. Anytime Russell Brunson launches something and yet everything still boils down to this one simple factor, that if you host a video webinar training, and you use that to sell people on your programs, and you do those consistently. I mean, you don't just do one and then those are, that's your numbers. I've This is a big mistake that I see a lot of people make. They do one webinar and then it didn't get the kind of sales they wanted, and they're done. You know, Russell Brunson actually recommends you do one new webinar every week for 52 weeks as the bare minimum for beginners to get started. Now I don't know necessarily if you need to go that route, that crazy with it, but I will say that there is some value to that thinking, and the reason why is because you're going to get so much better at your sales pitch. You're going to refine things better, and you're going to get better than just doing it once. And here's the problem is, we can spend so much time just processing ideas on paper and coming up with our ideas for our webinars on paper, instead of getting down to the brass tacks of Okay. What is a good webinar? So we're going to talk about that here today, and we're going to talk about how to identify what is actually going to convert to sales for you. What's actually going to convert to sales for you is when there is a specific outcome or takeaway that somebody is going to get from it that they would end up paying a lot more money for themselves had they come in. And I'll tell you, you can never give away too much content in your opening lead magnets. This is a thought process I hear a lot of people still have is I'm afraid of giving up too much information in my $7 webinar, or in my 495 webinar, or in my free training, you can't give away too much information. You will sell more by giving away your best information content, and it's goes beyond just information, but to transformation. What is transformation versus information? Information is just good, feels good, sounds good, fills people up, transformation changes their behaviors. Okay? And so what I want out of this session here today is I want your behaviors to shift and to change now, before we go forward, I want to just do something. And this might sound silly, just a little bit, but I want to take a minute or two and listen, if you think this is silly, knock yourself out, whatever. But can I tell you it's actually life changing, and I'm going to do this for me, and we can do this together. Take a deep breath. Breathe in and let it out for four seconds.

[194:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take a deep breath and breathe in and let it out for four seconds. Take a deep breath and breathe in and let it out for four seconds. Okay. Now the reason I do that is because I believe that oftentimes we can get really caught up, spinning around our thoughts and all of this, and if we can just stay present in our body and our breathing throughout this and we can learn how to feel comfortable in our own skin, even in situations that we're unfamiliar with, doing the unfamiliar and that when, like when we're talking about launching funnels, there's a lot that can cause anxiousness, anxiety and stress and worry and fear and doubt and insecurity and all of that. And so while we're talking about building our funnel, just taking a few deep breaths when you start to feel that tension, and as you go throughout your day, you start to create a habit of this that anytime that you start to feel tension or worry or nervousness, that you start to take a deep breath, 1015, seconds, to get recentered and to get out of the fight or flight, out of the worry state, and into the a creative state of mind. And this is something that I believe it's just it's so valuable. I've done a lot of teaching on this for people, one of the best ways to get into a creative state of mind is to give yourself a little bit of temporary time to play, do some fun stuff that you normally wouldn't allow yourself to do, fun time that you get to just relax and get present and you're not worried about everything that's going on around you. Okay? So just like, if I could, like, teach you one thing that will change how you approach your business, it's learning to regulate and calm your nervous system down while you're building your funnels, while you're writing your sales copy, while you're creating your offers, instead of coming from this nervous energy, instead of coming from this place of performance, instead of coming from this place of, I need to make this work, and I need to make sure I do everything right, and I need to make sure that it's all done correctly. And you approach it from a place of I'm just going to have fun and see what happens. I'm going to be in a place where this is something that I'm doing for enjoyment rather than out of necessity or necessarily income. So. And I get it, it can be a crazy mind shift, but I've talked about this for a long time. You need to make sure that you do that. And so when it comes to building out our funnels, now what we want to look at the first stage of the funnel is to think about what is the topic of this funnel. So for instance, I'm going to give you an example from my business of the most effective funnel topics that work for me, and then, and then, from a couple of funnels that we built for other clients. Okay. Number one, my business is I teach coaches and mentors how to sustainably build a growing, profitable coaching business, how to market themselves, how to sell, how to do the day to day of being a business owner, and how to do so without burnout, without working 100 hours a week. You know, that's another thing I find, is a lot of the training that's out there of what to do in the coaching industry creates these scenarios where you're working 100 hours a week and you have very little to show for it. I want you to work as little as possible on your coaching business and reap the maximum rewards. Dare I say you'll almost feel a little bit lazy in your coaching business, because it feels like Am I really doing enough work? Am I really doing enough to reap the rewards and benefits that I know are possible for me, and I find that by doing that, that gives you a lot more time to do what you love and to have fun, and that's where the creativity comes from. I'll tell you, striving and working hard in your coaching business, it's it sounds on paper like it's going to produce a good result. It almost never does it. Rarely does it. Detaching yourself from being in the weeds of everything and coming from a bird's eye view at everything, from a creative state of mind now that produces far better results. Okay, so again, that's what I do in my coaching business, right? If I created a lead magnet or an offer around what I actually do in my coaching business, how I help coaches. It wouldn't convert necessarily just right out the gate, how to get clients in a sustainable way in a coaching business, I actually tried an a couple of offers like that, and often times again, I teach how to do webinars. That's not really what attracts the clients I'm looking for. There's two topics that I just found work better than anything else as lead magnets for me if I'm going to charge $4.95 for my business. And there are actually two topics that I don't touch on a lot in here, we have a lot of training in the members area on these topics, and it's a part of everything that we're doing is if I teach and I make a lead magnet on the topic of Instagram or Facebook ads, and I make a topic on how to generate leads that turn into buyers in your Business, specifically those two sub topics of what we teach in our coaching program are the best entry places for getting the best clients in my business. And then, you know, I've tested a few other things out, how to start a coaching business, how to build a membership, how to do webinars, how to market your business, how to grow your email list, all of those are like 30 to 50% of the efficacy how effective my Instagram ads offer and my Lead Magnet lead generation offers are for whatever reason, those topics attract buyers more than any of the other topics in here that I can teach, even artificial intelligence based stuff doesn't necessarily it attracts a lot of views on YouTube, doesn't necessarily attract a lot of buyers into my program overall. And so what I gotta look at is I gotta look at, if I break down my coaching business and what I'm selling to people. Now, some of you might not even have that figured out, and that's okay. It's actually easier to work to work forwards and find an offer of what people desire and what they respond to the most. And so what I'll look at is, I'll look at number one, what are offers that are a being marketed out in the marketplace already, not trying to reinvent the wheel, I will just copy or duplicate. I. Ideas from competitors that I see that are out there. I don't even try to pretend like I'm trying to come up with brand new, original ideas. When it comes to my lead magnets, it's just, it just, I've tried that approach, and there's no pride or honor in that that's worth getting zero sales, no pride or honor and well, I'm original, and I have an idea that nobody else has come up with, and I'm doing something that's not being marketed by anybody that's out there, is worth making zero sales. It's just not. Unless you have billions of dollars in the bank to run as an advertising campaign, which most of us do not, it's better to look at when it comes, specifically when it comes to lead magnets and these sort of 495, funnel offers. What funnels are being marketed in the marketplace right now by people with similar business models, industries or coaching programs that I have, and by the way, I've seen many times, when you do this research, you may find that the idea that you're looking for, nobody is marketing it as a funnel. They might write a book on that topic, or they might have Instagram content on that topic, but they're not necessarily doing funnels. And I'll tell you why, because it probably because they probably tried exactly like you're trying right now, and realize that that funnel is probably not going to convert to people. Can I tell you this? There are so many coaches and course, creators that are out there right now, and that's not a bad thing. Most just don't know how to do marketing the right way. And so what you gotta what you want to look at is you want to see okay of the offers that are being promoted right now in the marketplace,

[353:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: what is being offered. And then also go over to chat GPT, go use AI, and type in who your target customer is, who you're looking to reach, what kind of result and outcome you're looking to generate. And you can have it start to brainstorm. What are some ideas for lead magnets that I could put out there for offers? Now, all of them are not going to be great ideas, but specifically when they're they're based on a one strategic outcome. So I have my whole coaching business right here, but when I'm marketing in my lead magnets, I'm only taking one tiny portion of it right here, Instagram ads generating leads. Okay, I'll give you another example we were when we were promoting and we tried so many different lead magnets for this. When we were promoting worship coach with Rick Pino, we scaled that to a million dollars a month, and it was a music coaching program, and by the way, the coaching had almost nothing to do with songwriting. Songwriting was like the smallest piece of it, however, of all the lead magnet topics that we tested. Everybody wanted to know, how do I write songs that go to the top of the charts and everybody wants to listen to? And then we looked out there of the music coaching programs that were out there, because there was a number that were not just in Christian music. They were in a number of different music niches. The offers that we kept seeing that were lead magnets were always based on how to write a hit song, how to write a killer song, and unfortunately, we did a lot of trial and error of every other offer type except songwriting, and I'll tell you why. Rick Pino, my my friend. He's he's in a loving way. He'll laugh. I say this, he he's very stubborn to like, prove things before he changes his mind, and so he really did not want to make any offers around songwriting for a while, because, again, that's not necessarily what he's teaching in his program, but that's what everybody wanted to learn from him. And I remember, like there hit a point where he finally was like, Alright, let's try this songwriting thing. And literally, his. Business blew up to over a million dollars a month just by making the front end lead in offer for everything be based around songwriting. We even went so far as to say how to write a Grammy Award winning song, because he had actually mentored and coached Grammy Award winning songwriters, and his method for teaching songwriters had nothing to do with actually writing the songs themselves. Again, like I remember Rick said, here's the thing, I'm not really a great songwriter. Like Rick said that I'm not a good songwriter. I'm not like the songwriter, but that's what everybody wants to learn. So we use that topic. It was one small piece of his bigger picture, because it was the most attractive magnet entry point to people. Okay, so that's the thing to look at, is what is the most attractive magnet entry point, and it's probably not necessarily, exactly related to what you offer in your coaching program. We're starting to see this start to happen. In what I'm building with my mom's coaching business, we've scaled that to, oh gosh, I think it's there's over like 500 people now in her health coaching business that we launched about a year ago. And what we've done is we've honed in, we've honed in, we've dialed in our offers more and more and more. And so what we're looking for is like we found that people they just they want to feel better, they want to feel optimized, and they don't want to do things the wrong way. And we've also found that a lot of people have rhetoric that's attached to cultural opinions based on her demographic. It's women that are menopause aged and taboo beliefs that people have that we're literally able to tap into, some of those in the marketing to create an offer that's specifically and strategically designed for the type of person who would end up joining that program. And then what you do is you proceed to give away your very best content in that so if I'm teaching an Instagram ads or a lead magnet offer, I am going to give people the very best content that I have on that specific topics, on those specific topics at the low price of 495 okay, so if we're mapping out our funnel here, this is our entry Point offer 495 and this is going to be a video, AKA a webinar. And so then what people get to do is they learn a specific topic. What I just shared in that video training, however, and this is the important part about it, that most people miss that. I notice number one, you must have a direct call to action at the end of that video, training to your paid offer. You must end it with a sales pitch of some kind and you must also have follow up emails with some kind of an irresistible offer to your coaching program that promotes the same thing that was promoted in the call to action. So whether it be an expiring offer, whether it be bonuses that are expiring, something that they're going to get on the back end of this. And this funnel right here, like this, is the smallest, simplest, most effective funnel. How many of you think that funnels are complicated? They're not when you boil it down to you're just charging people $5 for a video that then sells them on your paid program. And yet, do you know how many people I meet? I. Who will not do this process, because they're either planning it out, they're coming up with the best idea. They're they're they're trying to process the right way to do it. They're unsure of themselves and how to do it the right way, and all of these things that we tell ourselves. Now the next thing is, is this, is that, let's say that you went out there and you did this, and things didn't necessarily go how you want them to. How do you diagnose that? The way that you diagnose it is, you look at at what stage is there drop off. There's always going to be drop off. And what I look for is, I look for the drop off to be on the back end of whatever my paid offer is right here. So if I have a funnel, I need to make sure that people are getting all the way through it. I'm going to look at my

[498:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: landing page, my thank you page, okay, my email autoresponders.

[503:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm going to look at my Facebook pixel statistics. I'm going to look at how many people viewed my video training. And then of those, how many clicked on the link to my paid offer? And then how many people purchased my offer? So this is 1234567, points of contact with somebody when they come in through an ad or a social media post. Okay, now they all need to land on a landing page, and that's what funnels them down. Right here we have the landing page with the sales copy. If you're finding that you're getting less than, I would say, less than 30 to 50% of the people landing on your landing page are not opting in, then your sales copy needs some improvement. Your offer needs some improvement. The topic that you're marketing needs some improvement, because people are not resonating with it to the point where they take action, they're they're clicking it and they're clicking off. Your targeting might also be off, and by the way, that could be related to your Facebook pixel not being set up, right? We noticed this. I've seen a couple of clients where they weren't getting the right amount of leads, and it was because their Facebook pixel wasn't even tracking people. They weren't even tracking them to come in the front door. Okay, so then on the thank you page, if you have an upsell, you can see how many people took the upsell. You can see how many people opened your emails with the autoresponder. I usually look for over fifth, over, over 45% of people opening my email autoresponders. So let me, let me just. Let me break down that number right here, 45% of people. Okay, that means if I get 100 leads, off of an ad. Only 45 of those people are even going to read the email to get the content, which means 55 of them had no actual interest or commitment to move forward. And by the way, every funnel that I've created usually has about, it's about 45 to 55% actually end up opening the email. Now, if it's a paid offer, that's a free offer, if it's a paid one, that number is going to go up a lot higher. It might be 80 to 90% and that's where the reason why doing a paid offer is better is because a lot of those, those 55% of people that are not going to engage, they're not even going to open the email. They're not going to even come in because they don't want to. They're not they don't want to pay five or $7 to join. So they're just going to say no right out the gate by saying that, okay, on the Facebook pixel, what's the cost that we're getting per registration? How many people are clicking on the registration offer? And then I look at this, one of those who registered, what's the percentage that actually viewed? The content for me, I'll find that this might be for a free offer. It might be 30% even if you have a paid offer, that number is still only going to be about 60 to 70% which means 30% of the people who pay for your offer won't even watch it. They won't even watch the first video. And that doesn't mean you did anything wrong. That's just human behavior. That's just how people are. And then of those people, if it's a free offer, it might be 30% if it's a paid one, it might be one, it might be 60 to 70 of those people. How many actually, then clicked on my paid offer? This might be about 50% of 30% so that might be 15% of people. And then of those that purchase, you'll have anywhere from two to 5% so if I get 100 leads, I can usually expect to get two to five sales on a free offer. If it's a paid offer, this might go up to 15 to 30% so if it's a paid one, you could get 15 to 30 sales out of 100 people who registered. And so the reason why I'm showing you this is each one of these, you want to get your data, you want to get your numbers, and you want to know, are people actually responding? Are they? Are they even getting the emails? You also need to make sure that you test your funnel. Make sure that you go through and test it yourself, see what it looks like, as if you were the person receiving it yourself. Nine times out of 10, I do this with my own funnels, and I find a glitch or a mistake or something that's gone wrong in the process that if I had just noticed that, if I had, if I had just taken the time to to slow my roll down just a little bit, I would have noticed this, and I would not have made that mistake as it were, okay. And so this is where you can really start to identify where those issues are. Now I'll tell you nine times out of 10, there's usually a couple very specific places where the issue is, landing page, the Facebook pixel might not be set up, right? If you're not sending any email autoresponders out? That's just a big one right there. I've seen some people that launch their offer and they have no email autoresponders that remind people about the offer they like. When somebody signs up for an offer, a paid webinar, or a free webinar, or something like that, you need to remind them of what they signed up for. They are not sitting there eager and excited to go check it out. Most of them are not. So you have to keep reminding them of what they signed up for. You need to keep showing up in front of them, reminding of them of it. I remember I helped a client build an offer out, and he got 1000s of leads, but nobody really showed up, and he told me he had no email autoresponders. And I was like, Oh, wow. Okay, so he sent an email out to those 1000 leads for three days before his webinar, and they all started opening the email, and they ended up showing up the next time he did it, just simply by reminding people what they signed up for. And then the other place where there might be an issue is in your actual webinar itself, the sales pitch that you're giving, it literally just might be disconnected from people. It might not connect with them overall. So the the main places that you're going to notice that that you're going to have issues is if you don't have any email autoresponders, you're going to want to have those in there. You're going to want to have those reminder emails reminding people of that. But the two that really I would say that you can address most of the issues are in your landing page and on your actual webinar itself. This is where I spend, like, the majority of my mental focus anytime I'm putting an offer together, my landing page, sales copy, and my actual training itself, the training, the webinar that I'm delivering to people. If we're talking about the webinar that we're delivering to people, many times, the first thing starts with your posture, your energy, how you show up with is it connecting with people? Are you subconsciously worried or intimidated while you're doing it? Or is it connecting with people and then persuade. Them to buy from you. There's a process for doing great webinars that I taught. I actually have a course in our members area that you can go check out. It's under the, I believe it is the beginner Courses section right here. And by the way, every step of this process here that we're that we're talking about, where's my where's my screen, where's my zoom window? Oh, there it is. It's behind everything. Okay, so again, like everything that we're talking about in here, under the wealthy coach Academy, Start Here section, you'll find the automated six figure business blueprint right here. You'll find how to do the sales copy in there.

[656:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, I'm uh, under beginner courses, you'll find AI content creation. You'll find Facebook and Instagram ads. Seven figure webinars is where I go over what to actually say in your video and how to do that, how to close that. And then the other place is in your landing page. And I think one of the best courses on landing page copy is, again, under the Start Here section, sales, letter and landing page copywriting made easy with AI that's right here as well, and just dialing that in, because that's what's going to attract the right people. That's what's going to get your ads in front of the right people, is to do that. And so as we go through, as we start to, like, put all this together, those are the areas that we want to look at. We want to kind of break apart our funnel and figure out, okay, what are the areas that we might need to fix, that we might need to adjust. And then what I want you to do is, I want you to get to the place where you can do this quickly and you're not trying to get everything perfect, but what you're willing to do is you're willing to experiment. You're willing to try out new things. You're willing to click around, test stuff out, actually launch something in front of people without it being perfect. If you develop that ability, you will make so much money in your business where you stop worrying about looking good to everybody, you stop worrying about sounding perfect, saying the perfect things, and you just put yourself out there, even if it's a little bit cringy, even if it's a little bit awkward, even If it's some of it doesn't work perfectly, that's okay. You're going to get more results doing that than making everything perfect. All right, okay. I'm going to take some questions here. I see Adele has her hand raised, and I want to kind of break down individually too. I want to maybe do some some lab time where we can take a look at what stage in your funnels you might need some some help and things like that, or what part you're really stuck on. All this sounds great, but in in theory, but I want to take this a step further and really help you personally on this.

[692:24] Speaker 0: What's up? Adele,

[694:33] Speaker 2: Hi, can you hear me? Yes. Sorry, I couldn't get that. I'm moved up enough, yeah. So just a couple of things. So I was in Kajabi because I really wanted to have the all in one thing, and I was on the special offer. And now, now they want to whack it up to like $250 a month, which I just don't want to pay. So I'm thinking of just going back to Squarespace. I feel I

[700:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: had a feeling they were going to do that with that.

[701:10] Speaker 2: Yeah, they were, and it's really pissed me off. But anyway, my time in Kajabi, I mean, I did, I feel really confident how to get a landing page together. I was even starting to do like fun, you know, I got like, my automations together for my for my webinar where one person bought it, but it was a good training anyway. So just want to check, are you still using Squarespace with checking out in Thinkific and what do you what webmail, what web provider are you using for your emails? Remind me again,

[708:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Squarespace, my email is in mailer light,

[709:51] Speaker 2: right? And are you using Thinkific to check out the offer?

[710:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, Thinkific is what manages my courses and my okay, my checkout. Yeah, okay.

[712:48] Speaker 2: I think I might go back to Squarespace, and Squarespace has a course hosting thing. Or else I might use Squarespace with Thrive carts. Because Thrive cart you can do upsells, downsells, and you can actually stick some courses in Thrive cart as well, if you store the videos in Vimeo. So that's I'll probably do that. So then another question is, okay, so we're going to run ads to a small, small in value offer.

[719:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're. I'm I know it's gonna be high in value, small in price, yeah. Small in price, yeah. The perceived value to be like, yeah, unlimited. $10,000 high level,

[722:57] Speaker 2: yeah. So I know that you're using YouTube as a nurture thing, but on your YouTubes Are you also like, driving your traffic, though, sign up to this offer as well from YouTube.

[726:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, because my, a lot of my YouTube videos get views for a long time. I just tell people to check out what we have in the description as far as offers goes. But I'm not driving them to one specific offer, because my offers change all the time. So I lead magnets change all the time.

[730:45] Speaker 2: So, oh, yeah. So you just write, you just direct them straight to the course. But the main offer on

[732:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: YouTube, yeah, I usually, I usually talk about my main offer, and then I reference, you know, you check out one of the links in the description of this video to find out how to join us. Yeah, because what I want to do is usually a lead magnet in there. It's usually some kind of a lead magnet offer in the description, yeah.

[737:06] Speaker 2: Because what I want to do is I want to have a school community. I want to have a community in school where there's I want to copy the model that Jamie C did, because I was in it, and it worked really, really well. So I want to have YouTube content, which I want to chop up and uses Instagram content. Want to make the YouTube content long form, chop it up for short form, and then drive the ads through Instagram to the lead magnet, to the offer. But I was just wondering, like, how does YouTube fit in to the whole ecosystem?

[745:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, YouTube, again, becomes content that I can share with people in between my webinars, I'm able to nurture a lot of people who are on my email list with YouTube content.

[748:58] Speaker 2: Yeah, and isn't, isn't your VA, taking your long form YouTube content and chopping it up in the short form for your I just want to find the most, most efficient way of making content every week, people that are already working nine to five, we need to find a smart system of getting content done and dusted without spending hours of time. That's where I'm at.

[754:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Good for you asking that this week's lesson in the AI content creation course. Yes, I break down all the ways that I use AI to take my content and do that.

[757:31] Speaker 2: Yeah, and that's exactly I've been spending the last week, swadding up on Higgs field. And because I think I'm going to use a mixture of YouTube chopped up and then some AI stuff filtered in there, just to quickly get batches of content together. But I feel like I need to have long form and short form all kind of driving into a into a school community is what I want to do, because I really want to do, because I really want to build a community, because I think it's just really good

[764:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: to do that. I would just start making long videos, to start making videos, yeah, and then chopping them up before you have your offer created, yeah, just to get that habit going of making video content like that,

[768:04] Speaker 2: yeah. So okay,

[768:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then build out that offer that you're promoting. Yeah, your your webinar,

[769:54] Speaker 2: yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, and then, and then get that, I can get that together quite quickly, and then get them into the offer will be like a membership into a school community where there'll be training. And then eventually build a community and then upsell them into more offers.

[775:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you want to, you want to have some kind of, like a high ticket thing too, that you can offer them as well, yeah, at a higher level, eventually.

[777:48] Speaker 2: So, so basically, start creating content to start, obviously, getting a YouTube thing going, and while I'm doing that, building out the offers at the same time.

[780:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Build out one offer, yeah, again, building out the offers, I don't think about it in that way. I go one offer at a time.

[782:31] Speaker 2: So yeah, well, the offer would be to get inside the school community where there'll be like, a level of training, yeah, yeah, and like, a, like, a monthly call, yeah, yeah.

[786:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So do you know? Do you know what the topic is? Though, that's going to be really juicy.

[787:18] Speaker 2: I'm definitely going to go back to the narcissism topic, because it is huge on YouTube. It is so popular on YouTube, and I think those people don't pay a lot of money, but if I can drive, if I try to go for I'm going to study like what I'm going to study the content that goes viral on YouTube and recreate it, because that's obviously working. I'm going to study what videos people are people want in that niche I already know anyway, because I've spent so much time researching it, I'm going to recreate those with my own twist on it, and try to get, try to get a YouTube channel, and again, what are you selling on back into that? I'll be selling them into my school community, because I really feel that that's a niche, that people are very

[798:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's well, what's the school community's transformation and result?

[799:28] Speaker 2: Oh, yeah. So it would be like, obviously. Actually, you know, healing from extremely toxic relationships, okay, along something along that vein, but I

[802:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: think that, I don't think that that would be strong enough to get people into a program.

[803:44] Speaker 2: Well, I know for a fact, I know for a fact that somebody already, there's people on YouTube, already doing it. They're already making content and driving people into school community. So I was like, right, well, I can do that. And I do feel that people that are in that position really need community, um, they need somewhere where they can talk to each other. And so that's why, that's why I think that school community would school kind of thing would work very well in that niche, okay, and then I want to have, when they get in there, a lot of pre recorded stuff for them, and then a monthly call, live call with me, where they where I'll do what you do, train them, and then I ask them, you know, live coaching. And then eventually upsell them into more, higher ticket stuff.

[816:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, to get people into a community like that, you're going to have to hook them really deep, emotionally, yes, and build a lot more trust than most offers,

[819:58] Speaker 2: okay?

[820:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So the level of trust that gets built is going to have to be extremely high.

[821:52] Speaker 2: Well, that's why I was thinking of YouTube is a place where long form content builds up trust faster. That's why I'm thinking of focusing on YouTube and a school community.

[824:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So it's not, it's not impossible. I would just say it's going to be a lot more probably work than you think it is. Okay.

[827:01] Speaker 2: So then the other, the only other niche area that I want to, that I want to do, which I've already talked to you about, is I want to do kind of high ticket offers for Christian entrepreneurs, or high ticket offers with a biblical basis, you know, not necessarily specifically for Christian entrepreneurs, but with a biblical basis, because I'm so tired.

[832:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, My only caveat to you doing that is, have you sold a bunch of high ticket offers

[833:42] Speaker 2: before? Well, yeah, I sold. I sold a 35k offer with what you taught me in chat GBT, I sold. Great, yeah, yeah, good, yeah. I made 35k in a contract in a day, which I would not have been able to do if I hadn't learned how to use chat GBT, because I use chat GP to write the off, to write the tender

[838:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: document. Okay, so, yeah. So reverse engineer that process, yeah.

[840:04] Speaker 2: But so for that type of offer and that type of niche, do you still think I should be going into the YouTube arena or just keep it? Just keep it. The only thing I have with right? The problem I have with Instagram is that, how do you build trust with people on 10 second videos? I'm making 10 second

[845:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: videos off of your 10 second video to something that's longer, yeah.

[846:40] Speaker 2: So do you think I should still do the YouTube thing in that niche as well?

[847:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Or or, actually, how do you build trust? People with 10 second videos, you you make a big splash and you that's where controversy actually can build as a trust builder, because oftentimes people, again, they will trust more of what is like. It packs that emotional punch to it, and it's not what everybody else is saying. Yeah, more than But see, even that, like a lot of times, people are going to want to look at, you know, where, where does anybody who you build trust with on Instagram? Because you think about, you have people you follow right now that have, that have built trust with you on Instagram, right?

[863:50] Speaker 2: Yeah, so. So the thing is that Instagram, okay, it's very esthetically based, but obviously the whole point of it is that you're just getting people from there, and you need to get them off there as soon as possible, into your world, into your mailing list, into the community, or wherever,

[867:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: anybody that you trust right now on Instagram, yeah, you've probably consumed a lot of their videos. Maybe visited their website.

[869:47] Speaker 2: Well, I've bought some of their offers. Maybe bought

[870:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: some of their offers. Checked out different things they have. So that trust gets built through Instagram, through way more than just the one Instagram reel or one video. It's the whole big picture, and that one video

[875:04] Speaker 2: Yeah, it's the whole ecosystem. And, like, what we're talking about funnel that's behind Instagram. You know, you can't have a a business isn't just like a an Instagram thing. It's actually a whole ecosystem and a whole funnel that's operating behind it. And the idea is to pull people from these places, from leads, from ads, into your funnel. You. Ecosystem world, yeah, where they watch, consume your longer form content, get to know you, go to your communities, buy your lower ticket offers, and, you know, stay in your world. So I'm just trying to think the only two kind of niches or worlds that I would want to build a funnel around would be those two, yeah. And so

[884:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: the narcissism one for you is going to probably be a lot more authentic, especially if you talk like you're kind of like the secret BFF that's going to say all the stuff that everybody's afraid to say, type of a thing, yeah. Like, if you kind of take that again, that controversy angle to that one, that'll that'll actually work well,

[891:27] Speaker 2: well, I'm actually, I've actually trained as a deliverance minister. That's what I've been doing for the last year. So I kind of want to come from adding that angle on, adding that angle into it, which I don't really see anybody doing. So that would be my unique kind of selling point, controversial type of my view on the topic. Because I've, you know, I've got, I've got a friend out saying She's a psychologist, and I would kind of disagree with her, her methodologies, you know, but I did actually take it to chat GBT at the weekend, and I said, chat GBT, like, which niche has the biggest market? Which niche, niche is going to bring me? Like, the biggest like, which one's got the biggest revenue? Like, tell me, where do you think I asked chatgpt. I asked chatgpt, which one to focus on? And chatgpt said, to focus on the high ticket offers in the in the kind of Christian entrepreneur space

[905:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're working with Christians that have dealt with trauma in Christian settings, the leading with it, you're trained as a deliverance minister, may trigger people negatively as well.

[909:58] Speaker 2: Yeah, so there is a whole spiritual element to the narcissism topic, which I really want to teach on, because I'm quite passionate about it, which is why I keep feeling like I'm pulled back, like I want to do something in that topic, like my logic, my brain's telling me, oh, nobody's ever been able to monetize it, so you shouldn't do it, but my heart wants to

[914:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: do Yeah, and that's where I would say again, if it feels right, here's what you might do. Is you might build something that it might not make necessarily the kind of money you want to make, but it might have a bigger impact, and it's going to help strengthen your confidence more, and it's going to give you those reps of work that are going to help you do everything else better in this space, because of how authentic it is, you just you really want to Not like, just sound like everybody you hear on YouTube, I would like talk a lot about different stories that you have and, you know, expose the problems that are out there. Make it an expose type of a thing.

[927:06] Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. So, so, like, yeah, in practicality, still working, working a nine to five and and really trying to get out of it. I'm like, I would really like to do both niches, but I think that's really impractical. I need to pick one. I need to pick one and focus on it. And I've been really wrestling for the last week. You know, which niche should I, which direction should I go in? And I can't believe I'm back to this topic

[933:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, like, Well, no, think about it. So here's, here's what I would say. Let's not circle the same mountain again. Let's go after that topic. Since you've not done it

[936:26] Speaker 2: the narcissism thing. Here's

[936:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: why. Because, again, I think it's gonna, I think it's something that's gonna flow more authentically out of you, in that just, just knowing you and talking with you as long as I have, I think that that actually might be a good, good route to take.

[940:57] Speaker 2: Yeah, I mean, even if I could make enough money, even if I could make the same amount of money that I make in my day job, quit the day job, and then then move into other niches that like that would be ideal for me. You know, I don't necessarily have to make a million, a million immediately. I just want to, like, make six figures replace my day job. You know? Yeah, yeah. So, okay, thank you for the reflection.

[947:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thank you. Bet. I think, I think that there's definitely something there for you. Okay, alright, let's see any other questions we have things we want to review here today.

[950:48] Speaker 2: Actually, I just have one more question. Jeremiah, sorry, sorry. There is, there is another possibility that, you know, the kind of, you know, work that I've been trained in as a trauma coach, or specifically around toxic relationships, I could take a different angle instead of going down the narcissism route. I could, I could change the angle and the positioning more to just more around, you know, more general relationship coaching. Maybe Elevate, elevate it more. Keep the narcissism type, dark stuff out of it, and just position it more. High ticket for people that want to. I. Um, improve their really, maybe they've had reframe the word toxic relationships. Maybe something, instead of going from abusive and narcissistic, elevate the positioning more into something more high ticket. So the same work, but it's positioned differently.

[964:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Relationship offers need to get really, specific around a problem outcome scenario for them to work general relationship offers almost never work that well, okay, it was just a generic relationship offer that's just like to help somebody with their relationship. So we gotta, like, really get specific as far as what part of the story are you breaking down like is the relationship between a husband and wife who have two kids under two years old, they're not getting enough sleep and how they can

[974:08] Speaker 2: stay it would be people that struggle with toxic relationships.

[975:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I was, I was giving an example of, like, that's the relationship offer that I like, that would pique my interest, yeah? Like, like, you got to describe my day to day, yeah, again, I'm gonna pay attention to your relationship offer, you know, like,

[980:01] Speaker 2: the whole narcissism thing. It's kind of like, just like, like, a personal interest. But maybe I shouldn't go down that route. Maybe I should just stick to like, you know, high ticket offers. And coming from what kingdom wealth from it with a biblical, you know, high ticket offers and serving people with high ticket things. But instead of having, like, you know, the base, the spiritual basis of it being manifestation, which I'm so tired of buying courses and having to dump the manifestation witchcraft part just to get the part that I want, the strategy part, but all the rest is stuff that I'm not aligned with. And so I feel that people

[988:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: that are believers, i i Just replace anything related to manifestation, to being like how I believe that my walk with the Holy Spirit works,

[991:16] Speaker 2: yeah, but for me, it'd be nice if people could just buy a course where that's just the foundation of it, and they didn't have to do that, you know? So maybe I'll just, maybe I'll just do that.

[994:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: I do find, though, that there's a lot of, there's a lot of truth to, like, setting an intention for things, and that, oh

[997:26] Speaker 2: yeah. Like, you know, a lot of it has a biblical basis, like write the vision and make it plain and writing things down. There's real having a vision and writing the vision down, it's very important that there that

[1000:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: is Andrew, Andrew, Andrew Womack, have you? You know who he is? Yeah, I love Andrew womack's training on imagination,

[1003:39] Speaker 2: yeah, um, it.

[1004:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's called the power of imagination, and it translated, for me, it's, it's like, it's not necessarily, like, it's not manifestation. It's like, what does the Bible say about turning things into a reality? From our thoughts, so and like he talks about, he talks about how they have like a, I think they have, like a, almost a $200 million organization, and years ago they had, they didn't even have, like two nickels to rub together. And things, things started to change for them when he just started believing God told me I would have a successful ministry, and seeing it in his mind before he would then take action. So looks like Adele logged off. Um, alright, let's see David. Shonda Terry, we got any other questions here today? Oh, Adele's back. We got any other questions from anybody here today?

[1026:18] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, Jeremiah, I'll, I'll jump in

[1027:23] Speaker 2: and let somebody sorry. I'm so sorry. I cut myself off. I cut I'm on the headphones, and I cut it off by accident. But I'm sorry. Go ahead. Yeah. You're good.

[1030:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's going on? Shonda.

[1031:49] Shonda Whitworth: Shonda, yeah, yeah. Can you hear me? Yeah, I'm sorry I was all right. I ran two campaigns, two months in a row, and they they didn't, they didn't work for me. Okay? So I think that as I evaluated through chat, GBT and things, maybe I need to go back to the pain point, lead with the pain point instead of the positive outcome. Okay? Yeah, so the unlock the author authority was leading with a positive outcome, where before, I was leading with pain point and with the Conquer overwhelm. So I think I need to go back to the Conquer overwhelm. Maybe that'll work better for me, and it will tie in better with the offer page as well as like something Adele had just mentioned finding high ticket. I think that I am, at this point right now, working really hard at not getting in desperation. But I had listened to a podcast by one of my other favorite marketers, who said, Desperation can work in your favor if you allow it to work right because right now, I feel like I'm losing clients are dropping faster than they're coming in, and so I to have a sustainable business. Client, acquisition is the at the forefront of my mind, and so really I would like to evaluate how I can get a high ticket client. I just had one turn me down right now and decided to go with a vanity publisher, publisher, instead of me coaching her through the whole self publishing process, because I've helped her write the book, but now she's ready to move into publishing, and I can do that. I've done it like, do it like, back in my hand, I did it for nine years and working in publishing. And so how to attract that kind of

[1066:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: client, and why did they go with the other one?

[1067:03] Shonda Whitworth: She said her reason was because of her work schedule, and they handle everything. And I offered her a done for you

[1069:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: as well. Okay, so then that's not true, so

[1070:26] Shonda Whitworth: I said I would handle it for you, you know. And here's the price point. She shared their proposal with me, and then I matched it and so,

[1073:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: so I don't know, they made her feel a lot more taken care of than you did, though, is probably a big part of it,

[1075:43] Shonda Whitworth: right? And I had even told her that we can get this done if she wanted her book done by spring. And I said, Well, based on what they're telling you. I don't know how you'll be done on editing buzz spring based on what they the calendar time frame that they gave you.

[1080:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: So yeah, so again, what you're running into is a good sales pitch versus being honest with people. And people would rather buy a good sales pitch that tickles their ears, then the truth,

[1084:09] Shonda Whitworth: and the thing is, is she knows me. I mean, she's a warm, yeah, warm client. She's actually my very first client. She's the reason I'm business so,

[1087:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: so like you, I don't know if you heard what I what I just said. She would rather go with something that validates what she wants and believes, even if it's not true, than what you offered, which is based on what you know to be true.

[1093:53] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so what is it that she wants? And that's most people, by the way, so based on what I told you, what is it that she wants in Williams, then

[1096:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: she wants it done by spring, and she wants somebody to lead her to believe that that's possible, and she wants to feel encouraged that she can get that done in that time.

[1099:41] Shonda Whitworth: I think I mean my opinion, based on what I know about this one particular one is I don't think she wants it done faster. And that was not the right pitch, because she's been putting it off and putting it off, and so maybe I did the wrong pitch. And so, I mean, I've been coaching her through the process for over two years to get to this point to complete a manual,

[1107:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you might be too familiar with her as well. There's also the familiarity factor. If you've been coaching her for two years, she has a preconceived idea of what you're capable of.

[1110:33] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, well, the thing is, is I want to acquire other clients, not I mean, she's still going to stay on with me. I'm still going to coach her through the vanity publishing process. I mean, get that. I mean, even though she's going to pay them to do it, she wants to keep me on to make sure they're doing it right. So, I mean, so I it's not as high ticket as the other way, but I still appreciate that, and plus, it'll give me another opportunity to see inside of another publishing. House like I did with the other client and so.

[1120:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: But anyway, so how did you get her as a client to begin with?

[1122:11] Shonda Whitworth: Well, she's a friend, and when I very first started, when I felt called to go into this business, I said, alright, because I didn't want to. And I'm like, Alright, Lord, I'll send a text to five people who've asked me, Shonda, how do you write a book? And said, I'll send a text of five. Say, if I help you for one hour for free, will you write a testimony? And she was one of the ones that said yes, but she's also the one of the five that said, All right, how do I get your services? And so she's the one that signed on right away, okay, okay, the other ones did not. And so she's been a client ever since. So she's my very first client and has been with me from the very beginning.

[1134:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And so again, what offer did she sign up with? And how does that differ from the offer that you have right now,

[1136:54] Shonda Whitworth: like through the whole publishing process there, I guess they're going to do it all for her, but I still told no when

[1139:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you first got her as a client of yours two years ago, what offer did you make her that's different than what you're offering now?

[1141:16] Shonda Whitworth: Oh, it was the writing the book phase, writing the book phase, okay, now she's moving into the producing it.

[1143:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And so do you find that

[1145:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: people seem to respond better in the writing the book phase and moving past the overwhelm of getting the book written for you.

[1147:13] Shonda Whitworth: That seems to be where I'm at,

[1148:04] Speaker 0: okay? And

[1148:37] Shonda Whitworth: maybe, I mean, I would like to see people through the whole process. That's what I

[1149:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: was, yeah. Well, and again, so here's, here's a, here's a, another big factor, people, I need you to hear hear me when I say this. People have a preconceived belief of what we are capable of, and it's very hard to convince them otherwise, even if their belief isn't fully true or complete. And so, for instance,

[1162:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that people have no problem believing that you can help them write their book, but they may doubt that you can help them go further the way they want to with it once it's written, even though you can. And it may have to do with how you confidently carry each step, how you're presenting each step, and it also could be any sort of doubts that you have on what needs to happen at each step, and any sort of thing that might be blocking them from believing it's easy, it's fast, it's quick, things like that, then they're going to find somebody else. Like I've found that. I've had clients go through this program, and on the back end of it, they tell me, really, the only value that you have, Jeremiah, is telling me how to use AI. I don't think anything else you teach is valuable. So that's their preconceived view of me, is that the only thing that I'm valuable teaching is about AI. And so if that's what they're looking for, I'm not necessarily the best program for that, because there's also people who are going to see my value as well, that I'm going to attract in here, and are going to see more of what that value is and how I work with them. But they don't. They don't want to have these conversations that I'm having. They just want me to tell them what prompt to use with AI, and that's all they want to learn. So those are different types of people based on what stage in their process they're at. They're not looking for coaching. Then the next part of it is that there are messages. Some people call it. They're like staying in our lane, or our METRON or things like that that we individually can carry with more strength than say other things. And it's and again, for me, I think you. Hmm, that's why, when I'm promote offers around generating leads or running Instagram ads, those seem to work better for me, because I feel like I have, I carry more authority in those topics, even though my program goes a lot deeper than that, because I've, I've literally designed and created my offer, my program to be an irresistible offer. So I've developed it. I've I've added features to it. I've added more courses to it. It goes beyond just me, just teaching Facebook and Instagram ads. So I've developed the offer to be better in that way and what I'm selling. And then we got to look at, okay, what is the topic that people are going to resonate with you with they might not see you as the person who shows them how to build authority with their book, even though you know how to do that. That might from the prejudgment that somebody has for you, because we don't, we don't necessarily want to, like, talk about this, like, oh, are people misjudging us? Everybody is misjudging us daily. We misjudge people on a daily basis. And so if you can figure out what is the judgment and like perspective and perceived area of expertise that people have for us, for you, it might be more there might be more strength and authority for you in that, getting your book written, one and so then that's where, okay, let's go back to that. And then let's strengthen that offer to where you're going to teach them not just how to write their book. You marry it with your current offer, where you run a lead magnet around writing their book, getting their book written, but then what you're selling them on the back end is not just how to write their book, but also how to get it published, how to go further, so that you're able to be the one stop shop that helps them go from step one to step two to step three as quickly as possible, and starting to use that language even like I'm going to show you, how to do it as quickly as possible. By the way, as quickly as possible. Might be three years, but you'll do it as quickly as possible for them. And so you start to figure out, okay, what are people wanting? More they want? Fast, easy, microwave results. Is that really a reality? Oftentimes, no, but that's what people still want. So we still have to create that perception that we're giving them what they want

[1245:08] Speaker 2: as well. Okay, okay, yeah.

[1246:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I think, I think, yeah, going back to the like, getting your book written, having a completed manuscript. And as a bonus, we're even going to show you, once it's written, how to make sure that you get, you know, 1000s of people reading it. And I think, like, that's a big that's a big one right there. Now, can you guarantee those numbers? No, not, not at all, but you're able to use that as part of your offer, because that's what people want. That's what their desire is.

[1255:20] Shonda Whitworth: Well, I'm hung up just like Rick Pino is hung up like you share that story today.

[1256:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's actually, there's a lot of parallels I am that

[1257:37] Shonda Whitworth: I relate to how when he was hung up on that because I don't know that I can say how to sell 1000 copies. I don't know that I've ever sold 1000 copies of a book, so I Well, no, you're

[1261:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to you're going to show them the process to where they can sell 1000s of copies. We're not making the process. We're not making your promise sell 1000 copies. They're going to get a book written. That's what you're going to show them how to do, okay? And then, as an added bonus, you're going to be able to take them through the process of what they need to do to get the book sold to 1000s people. You're casting vision for the future. Hear what I said, there's actually some good sales copy in that you're going to show them the process of what they need to do so that their book will be able to sell to 1000s of people. You know how to do that, the process, the process of getting it to where it's ready to sell to 1000s of people. So we're casting vision while attaching it to what you have a process for, instead of holding back and you. Being timid or shrinking small into the box of what feels comfortable for you

[1283:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: to explain. Does that make sense?

[1284:22] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, like I told you, I'm still I guess I see what you're saying. You're casting the vision and you're showing them. You're getting them ready for the process, or showing them the process, not that they will actually have that result.

[1290:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. And if you don't cast the vision for what the best possible result is in today's marketing landscape, it's not gonna hit anybody or resonate with them, because they're just gonna go to somebody else who's going to be able to help them do that, or at least say that they will?

[1297:12] Shonda Whitworth: All right, yeah, let's see. I come up against a bunch of resistance in the industry because, like one of my clients, another, a different client, I referred her to an editor based on the fact that she's written a book set in the Appalachia. It's a nonfiction book, but it's written in the Appalachian setting. And so I know an editor, and she actually trained me in a lot of my work that writes Appalachian you know, that's the mountain range over in Tennessee and Kentucky. And so I referred her to that editor. Well, the editor also runs a writing conference, and I've never been to the writing conference, but my client said, Oh yeah, talk to the editor, and she's willing to do the work on my book. And she asked me, if I'm ready that if I never sell, if I only sell 200 copies, will I be happy? Because she was being real with me, is that that's the reality of it. And I said, okay, and well, what were you what was your answer? She says, yeah, if I even have an impact on one, I'll be happy. And so that was her response. And I said, Well, I know you can have a greater impact.

[1316:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, that's what I'm saying. I'm coming up against this in your sales pitch, and in all that you can you can level with people, but in your sales copy and your offer and your front end, I

[1319:57] Shonda Whitworth: mean, because the reality is, most people, most authors, don't sell more than 300 copies of a book in a life,

[1321:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know but, but every one of them has the dream of being a best seller On the top of Amazon,

[1323:08] Shonda Whitworth: and it's possible to hit that. But you know what? Those are not those are, I could tell you how to do that, yeah, and you can hit it. I've got my little screenshot of being hit there for a minute. I got that one minute, but I don't know what I did with that screenshot, because it's just so it just feels so fake to me. I know I know how to do that.

[1330:50] Speaker 0: Yeah,

[1331:30] Shonda Whitworth: it, but on release date you, you got to drive a lot of people to to it. But, yeah, I know how to do that, but it seems so fake, but that's

[1334:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: what people want, and you can tell them like you figure out, what are they what are they wanting, what are they desiring? Um, here's the thing, Shawna, you got two choices. You can either keep not getting people to sign up for what you're offering, or you can change things up and start to get people to register. Those are really your two choices. So, well,

[1342:54] Shonda Whitworth: I know the unlock your author authority didn't. I did it two months in a row, and it didn't work, yeah, so and so I know that message, that messaging is not working.

[1345:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Go, yeah, go back to kind of like getting their book written, and that focus on that, right?

[1347:16] Shonda Whitworth: And, I mean, at least there I was having some slow and steady,

[1348:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well, and slow and steady can be increased by just increasing the number of people who come in through the front door. Mm, the

[1351:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: front door. The The problem is, is that, um,

[1356:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't want you to have to go through and repeat the last three years the same again, but unfortunately, you're on the path to do so.

[1360:37] Speaker 1: And was that

[1361:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: because of the thinking of, well,

[1363:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: I and I had, I had coached one of our other clients on this last week.

[1366:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: We're so concerned with,

[1368:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: you need to make it like, way further down your list of concerns with like people knowing, like, what the reality of publishing is in your marketing. Like, the reality of publishing of like you said, I was on the top of Amazon for like, one minute, and I took a screenshot. It feels so fake. The whole like, well, they might only sell 200 books. I don't want to sit like that needs to go way down your list of things that you're even thinking about when it comes to marketing your offer, and right now, it feels like it's right at the top, and that's blocking your ability to communicate effectively with people.

[1381:06] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so even though I'm just having this conversation with you and whoever else in this room right now. I don't have this conversation with people in the funnels or in the masterclasses or even with my clients. That was brought up in the last coaching call I had group coaching call I had because it was brought up by a different editor, not me, yeah, and, and so, because it goes around in the circles in the

[1389:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: right, yeah, so. But when it comes to creating your offer, we want to focus on what do, what do people desire? What are their desires? What are they wanting? More than anything else? What do they want to happen? And then giving them that okay by promising that that in their offer? All right,

[1397:09] Shonda Whitworth: well, I was thinking about putting together a VIP offer day, a VIP day. And that's the questionnaire I just put together this morning. I thought it may be faster to put it in a Google form than build a funnel so I can test it. There you go. And so, and so do a whole planning day, like four hours of planning on how you're going to write your book. And make that a VIP day. So you don't see it, because it's in sections, but on the on the next page, there are questions. Let me, let me grab the questions. I mean, it says that this, this is normally priced at 497, but I'm offering this as a, I forgot the term, but it's not like a first time thing, but onboarding thing for 297, and is this something you're willing to pay so it's an whole application process, yeah. Um, and so what do you think about trying something like that so that that is focused on, like you said, on the writing aspect, not on the no, not on the publishing.

[1420:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think what you offer people and what you actually do with them matters a lot less than how do you explain it and market it to them. I think that that's that would be great do something like that, as far as an offer to get people in and communicate, use it as an opportunity to sell to them. But your front end, we need to figure out, okay, those people, they want to get their book written, what do they desire more than anything else?

[1427:12] Speaker 1: Okay, and

[1427:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: lead with that desire.

[1428:48] Shonda Whitworth: So, what do they desire more than anything else?

[1429:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're the one that knows the answer to that question. Yeah,

[1430:26] Shonda Whitworth: that's what I'm saying. That's what you're asking me to ask is, what did they desire more than anything else? Okay, yeah,

[1433:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: what do? What is stopping them from achieving that desire? So that's where the the Dan Kennedy outline works. What is the desired outcome that they have? What's stopping them from reaching that desired outcome? What frustrations do they have trying to reach that outcome? What have they tried already before? What are competitors in the space offering people? And how can you offer something that's better, this is key, that's better than what other people out there are offering people, and that's what comes together and creates the right offer. Okay? And so it has to be what your offer has to be superior to what is being offered in the marketplace overall. Mm, okay, yep, alrighty.

[1453:02] Shonda Whitworth: And then also a question. You said, something about YouTube. Do you remember? Do you remember what that was about?

[1455:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: What did I say about YouTube?

[1456:03] Shonda Whitworth: You said, recommend, I recommend making your YouTube videos public.

[1458:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, all your YouTube videos I saw were private.

[1459:51] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, are unlisted, yeah, yeah.

[1460:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why was that?

[1461:33] Shonda Whitworth: Because those were replays from the master classes or a message, a private message to the email list. It wasn't okay. Wasn't really for public now I would like to, I mean, I do have a ambition to, like, start putting content on YouTube, to build

[1466:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: that one of the one of the best ways you can start putting content on YouTube, take your webinars and just teach it as a video instead of a webinar. Just just re teach the content of your web, your webinars, record it as a video for YouTube, the same content,

[1470:31] Shonda Whitworth: okay, just cut it down into shorter segments.

[1471:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I would just teach it again, like reteach it again for YouTube. Okay, the same type of content. Okay, yeah,

[1474:44] Speaker 1: alrighty, alright, alright. Thank you.

[1475:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, you bet. Alright. Any other questions? Anybody else here today, before we wrap up? I

[1479:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: All righty, well, tomorrow we have our VIP call that's going to be at 4pm Central, five Eastern, and so I'll see our VIPs in there. Have a good one, everybody. Bye, bye.

