WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-06-02T20:16:20.000Z
Duration: 75 min
Otter ID: yYnDLhgfAmw69FWC5D5Im1r-UAc
---

[0:55] Speaker 0: All right, let's jump right into it. Hope you're doing well today.

[4:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hope you're having a great one. You

[8:34] Speaker 0: all right,

[10:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: hello, hello, hello. Hope you're doing well today. Hope you're having a great one. I'm excited for today. This is going to be one of our, one of our best trainings here. I want to get this going in the Facebook group for everybody. I hope you're doing good. Hey. Akiko, hello, Wade, hello. Shonda, alright, then tomorrow we have our VIP group coaching. Gosh, we've been having a great time in the VIP chat, just privately with everybody, you know. And then in the group chat as well, we've been collaborating, which is amazing. Hey, Akiko, how are you doing?

[24:32] Speaker 2: I'm good. Thank you. Just first day back from work, so I I'm kind of running around getting ready for next appointment, so I gotta get myself.

[27:36] Speaker 0: Yeah, I got you. I gotcha. No worries. Alright, let's see the Facebook group. Go Live, copy the invite. We we're

[33:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: onboarding a new administrator for our groups and stuff. So I put a lot of like, my marketing on pause for the last month while I've been onboarding this this person. I have, like, a three person team, and they all kind of help do everything. So that's why, once one person kind of dips out, there's a whole story for that. Not a bad thing. I'm just glad for the new person. So she's finally coming on. Michaela Lucero, which is great. She was working with us for a while before, all right. June 2, 2025

[46:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: join us on Zoom. Okay, great. The title is abundance. As a coach CEO, we're going to talk about that. We're going to talk about talk about being a coach, CEO, not just a coach. So today is our live training day. And so on on days like today is where I am training you in the members area, you'll find this under the weekly training sessions. And by the way, sometimes it's, it's nice to reiterate the members area to people. I realize, you know, people have been in the program, they're like, Oh, I didn't know the members area existed. I have people that have been in here for like, two years, and, like, didn't even know the what's in there. So anyways, we got the weekly group calls. These are all in here, so the recording of this will be in here. We have the live trainings. These are where I teach a training for about 45 minutes to an hour, and then take Q and A, and then we alternate between live training and Q and A. We got a whole archive of these in here, all the way back to July 2022, and there's this. This is kind of like a hidden gold mine right here. You don't need to go through everything, but there's just a lot of great stuff, a lot of great interaction, and each one has a list of the topics discussed. We upgraded our AI this week to kind of, we're gonna have it bulleted out with like, kind of a main topic and then a sub topic. We're using oh three to help us do this now, so it's going to improve kind of these bullet points. And you can skim through here and see what are we talking about during these sessions? And there's a whole transcript as well in there you can, you can always copy the transcript into your AI and ask it questions. Obviously, the Start Here section is in here. This is where you get the the Fast Start Training, the total online six figure roadmap. We're going to start updating this one, I think is our next course that I'm going to be making. I try to update it probably like once a year. This one was from last summer, so we're going to be updating it now based on our whole evergreen strategy, which is cool. We have a course on evergreen. I'm going to basically restructure the total six figure roadmap two point. I know haven't come up with the name of it yet, but this will be updated, and it's going to be simplified as well. You might one thing you might notice is that the lessons are going to start to get a little bit shorter. A lot of these are like, 46 minutes long, an hour long, 41 minutes long. I'm going to aim for each lesson to be no more than 30 minutes max, hopefully around 20 minutes each one to really keep it simplified for you and just give you the info that you need. So that's in here. That's where those courses are. And we're just finishing up one of our latest courses, effortless online content creation blueprint. I just recorded lesson five this morning, we're going to talk all about, like the software that I use and stuff like this. This is all about creating content without it being an effort for you. The idea behind this is, about two years ago, I made a course called five minute Content Creation Blueprint. This is a much better, sort of updated version on that all about, how do you make different forms of content without it being an effort for you, you'll notice the length of each lesson is starting to get shorter, around 30 minutes, 23 minutes, and it's because, I think, with these latest courses being that long for the lessons, I think they're much more easier to digest for you. Every lesson has a summary in it and all that that you can look at. So anyways, those are kind of some updates on our members area for you. Okay, so today, again, we're going to be talking about the being a coach. CEO. What does that mean? As mentors and coaches, we have a desire to help people, but if you're in this program right here, that desire to help people is not lost right at all, like you wouldn't be here if you didn't want to help people, if all you want to do is make money, you're In the wrong program. Let's just say that, right? Um, you shouldn't be a coach. If all you want to do is make money, you should get a sales job somewhere. You could actually make a lot more money faster, just working for somebody else, selling overall. But the reason why you are a coach is because you want to make money or, I mean, not because, because you want to impact people. Sorry, little micro Freudian slip there a little bit, so y'all can laugh at that. Now I'm trying to type in the page for our academy and pull this up here, because I that's what I'm looking at right here. No, you're a coach because you want to impact people, not just because you want to make money, because you want to have an impact and help change people's lives. So the wealthy coach Academy is about getting wealthy while being a coach, and we show you how to do that, but there's a shift in your mindset that that it takes to be a wealthy coach, and that's what I call the abundant coach CEO mindset. And so we're going to talk about is, we're going to be talking about some different ways to think about that, and then what you can practically do to do that. Let me show you an example. Let me give you an example of two coaches. And by the way, this could also be you. There's no judgment here for where you're at. This is about where are we going, where are we getting to? How can you get to the place where you're making 30,000 40,000 $50,000 a month from your coaching, from your mentoring, from your programs. And by the way, I say this, let's say you have a business over here that's making seven figures. Because I actually, I've worked with people like, they're they're already a seven figure earner over here, but their coaching business isn't making a profit. They're only making like, five grand, 10 grand, or even $1,000 how do we get to that 20 to 30, $50,000 mark for you? And I think that in today's economy, you got to be making at least 20 to 30,000 or it's not worth it, just because there's other stuff that you can do that can make that much for you. Okay, so, okay, think about that. I hope that challenges maybe some of your mindsets about making money online and about how much money you can make from your business. Um, two coaches, one charges $50 an hour and struggles to make the kind of money they want to make. Let's break that down, $50 an hour, $20,000 divided by 50, $50 an hour. Well, um, you're gonna have to be working at least 100 hours a week, paid $50 an hour just to make $20,000 I mean, that's, that's, that's no, no. Thank you. Now there's another coat. Coach that charges $500 an hour, and that coach can do so while working 40 hours, about 10 hours a week. Think about that, 10 hours a week at $500 an hour with a waiting list fully booked out, you're making $20,000 then you have another coach like myself, charges $2,000 an hour for for individual sessions. So that means while working about 10 hours a week, that's about $80,000 a month, working 10 hours a week doing that, what's the shift? The shift is looking at your business the way that a CEO does, not just as a coach. So it's and we touched on this a little bit. Akiko says a lot of personal trainers burn out working at a gym Exactly. And there, by the way, there's personal trainers that can that can charge $500 an hour, $1,000 an hour. There's also a thing called leverage, and leverage is where you're not just trading dollars for hours. Because if I'm doing one on one coaching at $2,000 an hour, my income earning potential is still limited by that much money right there. Now that's still not, like, as limited as you as we want. So, like, that's great, but let's look at how can we leverage things? Because, again, we want to get out of the hourly wage earning mindset as well and start thinking the way that a CEO does. And when I talk about like the way that a CEO does, it's how can I get the most output for the minimum amount of inputs. Oftentimes we're told that that's lazy, which is interesting, right? It can be considered lazy from the wage earner mindset, it's considered a savvy business owner, though, when a CEO does so and gets interviewed by Forbes magazine, think about that. That is that when a CEO can leverage, okay, we're making an extra billion dollars this year, right? I'm not saying you, need to make a billion dollars. But what I am saying is you have to think in that way, and you have to realize that the person who makes a billion dollars, the person who makes a million dollars,

[206:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: has the same 24 hours in a day that you do. Okay? Let's argue that, right? You might say, Well, no, they don't have the same responsibilities, they don't have the same team, they don't have the same access to capital, okay, yeah, understood, absolutely. But to get there, there's the still, still the same 24 hours in a day I have with two kids, and I am a stay at home dad that builds a business. My wife is a stay at home mom, but she does not take on the full load with the kids. We have help from our family members, but at the same time, like dad time is something that I take seriously, and I know that there is proof that my kids are going to develop and grow to be better humans, the more time they can spend with dad, as well as with mom and as well as with grandparents and all of that. And so that's why I don't just grind and say, okay, wifey, you're going to go watch the kids and I'm going to work all day. That's not the life that we've created for ourselves. That's not the life that we've created for our family. That's not the structure. And even if I was to work within the boundaries of a nine to five, right, working nine o'clock to five o'clock, even within that, the way that a CEO mindset is is where you can learn to unplug, turn off, and you learn how to remove the stuff that is a waste of time. You learn how to automate the things that are not worth your time. You learn. I don't know what's going on with Adele's microphone. It's like muting and unmuting like crazy. Is that affecting anybody's audio with what's happening with Adele's microphone? Okay, cool. Awesome. I was like, it's like, going back. The fourth the mute and unmute button. Okay, sorry, I got a little bit distracted there. Sorry, guys. No, you're good. So what we have to do is we have to do two things. We have to get out of the scarcity mindset, where we are under, charging over, delivering. How many of you all have heard the phrase under promise over deliver? Now I'll just say, by default, like without even trying, I always under promise over deliver, but I don't try to. I try to just deliver on what I promise. And I think that oftentimes that we can get caught up in this over delivering thing where we're trying to prove ourselves. If you're not making a lot of money as a coach, we can get caught up into this where we're trying to prove ourselves by over delivering Well, if I just give a lot, then the money will come to me realize that that is still a scarcity mindset, that we end up attracting problem clients, that are demanding clients. And what I love to say is this, I can tell you, about a year or two ago, I was attracting problem clients, not anybody who's in this program right now, which is incredible, I no longer attract those problem clients. I'm not under charging for what I do, and I'm making more money than I ever have made in my life, because I'm able to put together things and look at my life from this CEO abundance mindset. So number one, there's a mindset factor to it, and then number two, there's a practical implementation side of it. We're going to touch on both of those. Both of those matter number one, a practitioner is somebody that does all the work. They're trading their time for the work that they do. A CEO builds systems, leverages their time and realizes that they have to detach the hours worked from the amount of money that they make. Okay, and so what we have to look at too is we have to flip our perspective, instead of saying, Well, I can't afford to hire a team, I can't afford to pay for another subscription, I can't afford to continue with coaching, I can't afford to have the time to go through coaching. And this isn't to shame anybody as well. You know where I'm coming from. Self Compassion, I think, is very important. I think taking a look at where you're at, taking a look at where you are in your business, and giving yourself a lot of love and grace and compassion for what you are capable of, for what you have the capacity for today. Can I tell you that your capacity can increase, that your capacity can expand? Can I tell you this eight months ago, almost eight months ago, my wife gave birth to our second son, and my capacity went to an all time low because I wasn't set up and structured in a way that could handle the business that I needed to have. I couldn't handle having two kids mentally, physically, spiritually, emotionally. And you want to know what the only thing that helped me increase my capacity. What I want you to do is realize is that an abundant CEO, because we're talking about those, those are three words that I want you to own. You are a coach. Second, you are an abundant CEO. First, an abundant CEO means that there is overflow. You are expanding. You are increasing. You are becoming an affluent, wealthy person, an abundant CEO increases their capacity. What they have the ability to handle, what they have the ability to do, they become more efficient, both in their actions and their time and their mindset and their thinking. And so we have to step out of this way of thinking of Well, I'm just a coach, I'm just a trainer, I'm just a mentor, I'm just a course creator.

[316:27] Speaker 0: And realize

[317:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: that when we talk this way, we end up operating out of scarcity, the undercharging, the over delivering the I can't afford it. I can't afford Jeremiah's VI. Coaching. I can't afford to run ads. I can't afford to do this. I had somebody write me the other day say, Well, I just completely paid off all my debt. So I can't build my business, because I paid everything off and I don't want to go into debt anymore. And I thought about that, I'm like, wow, that mindset is totally like a microcosm of the place where people get stuck. We end up playing not to lose instead of to win. Like, if you look at running your business, your business should be making more money than you're spending that's going out. And so if I pay off all my debt, by the way, we had, we had an opportunity. You know, we paid off all of our debt, then we bought a house, and then Halston, and then Abigail got pregnant again, and then we ended up racking up our credit card debt about a year and a half ago, and I'm going to give you some transparency here. I wasn't leading in our finances. Abigail was running all of our finances while she was trying to be a mom. I wasn't leading in our spending. I wasn't being the leader in our home. And you can imagine, I'm sure Wade can imagine, the stress that that put on our marriage. And then how do we come out of that? Well, I can tell you about back in like November, I was able to pay off everything again, except for our house, paid off all our debt. And so now I'm like, Okay, I'm playing not to lose. I don't want to go back into debt right now, I'm playing to win, and what's the difference in that is I'm not afraid to invest. Okay? I'm going to put $5,000 into ads over here, I'm going to put 10,000 over here. I'm going to put $20,000 over here, because I know the return that it's going to bring to me, and that is the shift that you want to get into. You want to shift out of, I can't afford it to, how can I make this work? How can I increase my income and revenue over here to be able to invest over here so that it's not an expense that I have to go into debt for I can temporarily maybe float it over here on a 0% interest card for 60 days, and then pay it off with the revenue that comes in over here to then have increase where we can do double and triple and quadruple that next month. Now that is how a CEO thinks. And a CEO knows what their numbers are. They're not abdicating their role. That's what I had done. I had abdicated my role as the financial lead in our household to my wife about four years ago, and it was great. I was literally able to build a seven figure income. The problem was everything got spent, and then we ended up going into debt when we had, like, any dips in our income with growth, I had abdicated my role as an abundant CEO, and I had become somebody that was operating out of scarcity and lack. I don't have enough time, I don't have enough energy, I don't have I'm not getting enough sleep. You know, at the time, I wasn't getting enough sleep. At that time that that had started to happen about a year and a half ago. I was probably only sleeping like two hours a night. It was crazy as one of these days, I'm going to share more of that story during that season. I'm I've come out of it now, and so I'm starting to begin to be able to talk about that. I'm making seven figures over here, yet I'm completely burnt out over here. Okay, does that make sense? No more. That's not the life that I live. That's not the life that I'm going to continue to live. That's not the life that I'm raising my sons to live, and that's not the life that I'm mentoring my clients in as well. Okay, so what we have to do is we have to learn to be able to leverage our time. We're going to step out of this. Well, I'm just a coach. I charge hourly. I make this much money here, that's how much I make, and step into a place where we are leveraging our time with coaching. So if you have a coaching program, a group coaching program, and what I love to do is I love to do two tiers of group coaching. We have a VIP High Ticket program, by the way, what's awesome is, now that I have a VIP program, I can talk about this with a lot more confidence, because every business that I had built to eight figures had these two tiers. But for some reason in my business, because I was operating out of the scarcity, that's like, do I know that some of y'all remember I was talking about launching a VIP program? Program, like two years ago and a year ago, and I keep saying, I'm going to launch this VIP program. Well, the problem was, as I was operating on a scarcity of I don't have the time and the energy, and I was afraid to be able to do so. I was afraid to step into that role as a CEO. I was afraid to be able to do the things that we're going to be able to bring in the kind of income that we want, and to leverage things. So what you want to do for leverage is you want to have a VIP level, and then you want to have an entry level. And your entry level can be anywhere from 47 to $197 a month. Okay? Your VIP can be anywhere from 500

[413:08] Speaker 0: to $2,000 a month.

[414:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right now our VIP program is $900 a month, but we're going to be raising the price up to the normal price, which is right around $2,000 a month here by the end of the year, is what we're going to be doing. And so again, if you're not in there, I would highly recommend that when we when we do offer it again, to not wait and to get in there with us. So what you get to do is, as a coach, having these different tiers of group coaching programs. You're able to leverage your time. I'm able to leverage my time and coach 100 people at a time by recording content, by showing up live on a Zoom meeting, and by sharing this in a group setting with people over zoom from my desk in my home with my family, I'm able to leverage my time into a VIP program, and that's what it gets to be as I'm no longer trading, okay, I work this many hours and I make this much money, it's that okay? How can I impact this many people? How can I get 10 more people in into the VIP program this month. How can I get 100 more people into my coaching program this month? How can I get 10 more people into my coaching program this month even? And so what we do is we end up looking at our business as, how can I impact more people without it taking up as much time from me? Again, this is not laziness, this is leverage. And so that's the number one thing that you have to do. You have to have a flagship, signature group program that you're putting people into of some kind. That's what we're working on right now with our with our VIPs, is helping develop out what is that signature group program, and then you need to have marketing tools that are going to go find those people. Okay, so what we end up doing is we end up removing what are all the tasks in our business that take up extra time from us, whether it be responding to customers, whether it be scheduling things, whether it be uploading videos, whether it be editing video content, we can delegate this. If it's less than $10 an hour, you can hire somebody from the Philippines for under $10 an hour to do stuff go to a website called online jobs.ph right here, and I'm, I'm about to hire a couple more people. I need to hire a developer too. From here, you can hire people. Look at you can go under Video Editor, and you'll find $6 an hour, $5 an hour, $4 an hour. Here's a copywriter with video editing skills that knows how to do go high level and writes content and knows how to edit and do like she's actually looks pretty awesome, right here. I might be interested in even chatting with her for my own business, because of all the skills that she has, right? She's 42 years old, so there's some maturity, right there. These are people that are in the Philippines that you can hire, you can look through and find that you can hire to work with you that are incredible people. I just hired a a bookkeeper off of there to help me with all my bookkeeping. I was paying a company $2,000 a month to do all my bookkeeping and taxes. I just hired a gal from the Philippines who has eight years of experience in bookkeeping. Showed me all her credentials, all of that, and it's $400 a month for part time work for her to do all my bookkeeping, and I'm getting like, complete level work from somebody being able to do that. Okay? So being able to, like, hire your first VA is a huge thing. And by the way, you could just hire somebody say, okay, I can. I can pay $5.05 hours a week. Alright? Right? So let's say somebody's at $5 an hour, times five hours a week. That's 25 hours a week, that's $100 a month, to have somebody that can help you with various tasks that might take you time, whether it be getting your Squarespace landing page up, whether it might be launching your ads or scheduling your content or editing your content. And then what we start doing is we start creating an exercise in our life where we say, what are things that I can stop doing this week? You want to know how a CEO looks at their business, not how can I do more stuff? How can I do less stuff. What is one thing that I can get off of my plate this week and delegate to somebody else, or just remove entirely so that I don't have to do it? And I want you to start to make a practice of writing these things down. So what ends up happening is this, is that the abundant CEO mindset is somebody who is not operating out of scarcity and lack is not saying, Well, gosh, I can't afford $100 to hire somebody I can't afford to pay for That new AI software that's going to save me hundreds of hours of time to be able to do this. I can't afford to pay for the the level of of a Zoom meeting that that I can I, you know, I'm only running on the free version of this software. I can't pay for that, that thinking. And again, I understand where that comes from, but we have to shift into a place where we are thinking, not I can't afford it. This is your practice that you need to do two things. Get out of I can't do it. I can't afford it. I don't have the time, I don't have the energy, I don't have the ability and into

[515:44] Speaker 0: how can I?

[517:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: By the way, some of us have a network of people that can help us with stuff, that would be willing to help us out for free to start or to learn things or to be an intern. If you don't have the money to hire somebody, how can I get the help that I need? You have to create a lifestyle of, how can I make this happen? How can I be on that coaching call next week instead of, well, I don't have the time. How can I reach out to more people on social media. How can I post once a day on my social media? And we get out of the scarcity mindset. We get out of the I'm just a coach mindset when we start asking that question, how can I and then we start asking this, What

[537:06] Speaker 0: can I

[538:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: eliminate? What can I get rid of, out of my life, out of my time, to create space to do the things that I need to do, to get those things done? I think oftentimes, one of the biggest problems that we have is that we are doing way too much with our time. We're either wasting time, we're either spending it doing certain things. We talking, how often are we talking to our friends? Scrolling social media? I'm not saying scrolling social media or talking to friends is bad, but do it through leverage certain time. You know my wife and I, we were looking at my efficiency. We have a goal for us where I can get started. I'm starting to day trade stocks. I'm having a lot of success with it right now day trading. And I want to do so more in the morning, or I want to, I want to day trade at 830 in the morning and start working out in my home gym on the tonal at 830 in the morning. Well, that's going to be a big shift for our life, because I haven't started my day until about 10 or 11 o'clock, so I'm still going to be there in the home but I'm going to be able to like, Okay, I'm gonna have my stocks over here on the treadmill while I'm working out in. Gym and doing stuff like that, I'm gonna be able to do this as part of my morning, be able to make an extra 500 to $1,000 a morning doing that. You know that's worth it. If you know how to make an extra 10 to $30,000 a month while day trading, that's huge, right? Of course, it's worth it to figure that out. If I was going to a job that was paying me that much, I would figure out how to get there by 830 in the morning. So that's what my wife and I said, Okay, let's challenge ourselves to how we can make this work, where I can get going to start day trading at 830 in the morning when the market opens. Do we have some access to some more capital that we've been able to do that, which is awesome. That's been the shift. That's why you want to get out of debt. That's why you want to step into abundance, where things you're also not operating with just one stream of income as well. And so what I can say is I can look at, okay, what can I eliminate? What am I wasting time on in the evenings? How can I get to bed earlier so I can wake up in the morning earlier? How can I, you know, that was one of the things we figured out. Okay, Jeremiah is going to have to get up earlier in the morning. Get the house ready for the kids, get everything ready, all of that for our day. Get stuff ready for Abigail before everybody wakes up, have breakfast all of that. Have a shower that way. There's an hour now that we're not having to spend so we can get stuff going faster. What can I eliminate? What can I shift around to be able to answer this question? How can I and so that is what an abundant CEO mindset does, is we start saying, How can I have a group coaching program? How can I start running Facebook ads? How can I start to have a budget to be able to hire somebody to help me with my landing pages? And it doesn't happen by just like, okay, see, here's the here's the problem that we end up doing. And I say we because myself included, myself included everybody. We end up saying, Well, I'm gonna get started when everything lines up the way that I want it to. I'm going to make a list of 20 things that I want to change in my life and and until I can change all 20 of those things, I'm not going to do anything again. I'm, I'm, I'm guilty of that. I'm thinking about it in my life right now, my, my my health and fitness is a big one where I need to do that because, like, I know all the stuff that I want to do, but I'm like, Oh, I'm not ready yet to go get the testing and then start, you know, doing. I'm like, You know what? What is one thing that I can change? What is one thing that I can shift? You know, one of the like, like, Okay, you I stopped having bagels in the morning. Okay? Immediately started noticing, wow, my waistline is starting to trim up a little bit when I stopped having bagels and eggs and all that in the morning, and I have, and I have a protein shake, and I have, like, a meal replacement shake in the morning, just shifting one meal changes a lot of things, for instance, and I listen, I know some of y'all like you're you're trainers, and you understand that, you understand all that side of things. Some of y'all don't know. I actually got down to 5% body fat back in 2013 mm. 13, I got featured on beach bodies TV commercial for their body beast program because of that, that was, that was actually something that I had, that I had been able to do. I was, I was in their infomercial on TV for for doing that, which was, which was, which is pretty awesome, pretty incredible, and and then, you know, so it's like, I know all that side of things. And I told myself, well, if I can't go like, all in into that, then bless God, I'm not going to do everything right. We end up saying this to ourselves, we end up saying and I'm making myself really vulnerable to you guys today, you can tell I'm sharing a lot of like, deep personal stuff that might damage my reputation with some people, right? It might make me look bad to certain people. Can I tell you this to the right people? It'll actually build trust with people I'm sure some of you like as I share some of these struggles that I'm dealing with, it actually helps you trust me more, because I'm not faking it. I'm not pretending I'm not pretending like I got it all together. Now there is some truth to having an abundant mindset and visualizing things and affirming. Giving affirmations and speaking it like I am a $500 an hour coach. I am a $2,000 an hour coach before it becomes your reality and start to walk in that but I think that there's a lot that happens when we can be honest with people. We can we can truly lay our cards out without trying to hide what's going on and who we are. I think that that's that's powerful there. But I digress. One of the things that happens is we end up saying, Okay, I'm only going to get started when I have my landing page ready, my ads, my time management is perfect. My finances are there. I got all my debt paid off, I got everything figured out, and then I'm going to pull the trigger and I'm going to get going and I'm going to launch everything. And the problem with that is, is that success is incremental. Success is step by step. What is one shift you can make this week,

[656:10] Speaker 0: small or big?

[657:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: And by the way, the small ones are usually a lot easier to do. Start with those. What is one shift that you can do that you've been procrastinating on, that you know is going to move you into this place as an abundant CEO? Is it going to bed earlier? By the way, there is no more of an greater impact on your mental and physical health than taking care of your sleep. I can tell you, over the last couple of years, I've had good sleep and I've had bad sleep, and then the baby is born, and then the baby keeps you up. Now the baby is sleeping through the night, and I'm like, I don't know what to do with all this time that I have with sleeping. I might as well just sleep and feel better. There's nothing that has more of a greater impact on your ability to be successful, financially and your physical health, than getting more sleep and figuring out how to do that. See, we operate in scarcity in many different ways in our lives, whether it be our sleep, whether it be our health, whether it be our finances, what is one shift that you can make to step into a place where you're going to start implementing you're not just going to keep learning. You're going to start implementing these shifts, these mental shifts that you can put into practice. Can you raise your prices by 20% can you raise them by 50% what is one CEO decision this week that you can make. I want you to write this down. I want you to put it on a piece of paper, and I want you to commit to for the next four weeks. I want, I want you to, I want, I want you to challenge yourself the abundant CEO challenge for the next four weeks, if I was the abundant CEO that I know that I am meant to be, that I am called to be, what is one powerful shift that I can do this week To get done by the end of the week, to step into that, and you will notice, you will notice that your internal fears and worries and anxieties will start to be triggered When you start asking yourself this, you will start to feel a little bit anxious, a little bit uncomfortable, a little bit out of your comfort zone. But can I tell you this? That is where the growth happens. That is where the stretching happens. That is where you get to decide and say, okay, you know what? No longer am I going to keep just accepting things for how they are and the status quo, and I am going to start to do things differently to see a different life for myself and my family. And you start making these powerful, powerful decisions that stretch you. Now, if you're anything like me, and you grew up in a traumatic household or a traumatic situation, hurting yourself became sort of a way of living, not physically, but emotionally. And this is what I'm going to I'm going to end this on, it's kind of talking about this is you have to do this from a place of self love, not from a place of punishment, from a. Place of self compassion, not from a place of beating yourself up, because we can very easily look at all the stuff that we're not doing right and beat ourselves up and justify that. Because we have an addiction to beating ourselves up, to making ourselves feel like we're not good enough, like we're not measuring up. You uh. And I want to challenge you to notice if you're doing that in your life or in your business, if you are, if you start to do things to justify why you're not doing good enough. And I want you to shift into a place where you start to do these things in your life and your business, because it is a place of you're doing it because you love yourself. I am going to do the uncomfortable thing that is a CEO shift, because I love myself this week, and I love my business, and I love where I'm going, and I love where I'm headed. And when you do that out of a place of knowing that it is from gratitude, that it's where you're called to do that. Listen, I do that, the things that I do in my business, I believe that I'm truly called by God to do them. I believe that God and I partner together in business, and he's called me to do these things and that I'm not doing it because I'm afraid of his punishment or anything like that. It's because I am just so in love with God and my relationship with him that I'm doing these things out of that overflow of abundance together. And that I don't have to worry if it works out or not, because I know that God has my back, and that I can trust that things are going to work out for good. And we start to step into that place. And when you can start to shift where you say, Okay, what is one thing this week that I can shift into, what's one change that I can make, what's one delegation that I can do, what's one thing that I can eliminate, not the five or 10 things, and what's, what is the thing that I know that I can get done, that I can accomplish, that's not going to be so hard and so difficult that it's going to stress me out. That's going to make me feel like, Oh, I can't do it. What's an easy thing that I can do? There is a stretching, but there's also a level where it's like, Okay, I'm going to pause here and I'm going to maybe try that one next week. It's become too stressful, right? My wife and I, we want to make a shift where we can this is a great example of this. Well, I can get up at 830 in the morning and day trade stocks, because that is where the most amount of money is made in day trading. Well, last week, it didn't work out. This morning, it didn't work out. This week is probably not going to work out, but we have a goal where we're going to work towards it. We're going to look at our week next week, we're going to start to put small changes in place to start to work towards that goal of it happening, and what are those things to do? And some of it is it's going to be stretching for both of us. It's going to be stretching for our family, but we know that it's worth it. We know that it's where we're what we're meant to do. What are those things that you can do in your in your life and in your business? What is the transformation that you can accomplish by implementing and finally doing the stuff that you've been procrastinating on? And we start to write those things down. All right, so listen, I'm going to take some some questions here. I'm sure I definitely challenged y'all. I hope I didn't piss anybody off too much. Are you going to show us a picture? Michelle, what do you a picture of what?

[783:17] Speaker 3: When you did the ad, the workout ad?

[783:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, you know, I was trying to find it. Okay?

[784:51] Speaker 3: I love, like, looking at older I will show you.

[785:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I will, I will show you the picture. I know exactly where it's at. It's on my it's actually on my Facebook page. Still awesome. It's but you gotta dig a little bit for it. Okay, so profile picture, if you go to the older profile pictures, you go back a little bit.

[791:23] Speaker 0: There's so different. Look at there we go. Are you? No? That

[793:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: was 2013 that was 12 years ago. Wow. I So, yeah, this was, like the whole photo shoot that I had done, and ever

[797:13] Speaker 3: Yep, well, your mom made quite a transformation. She said, I know,

[798:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know. So I love it. She's crushing it. That's. Why, like, this morning, like, I hadn't worked out in like, two weeks, so I got a workout in this morning while I traded my stocks. Yeah, this is my mom right here, so she's, she's crushing it right there, and she just launched her her telehealth company, which is doing awesome. So, but, yeah, yep, that was, that was 12 years ago. I know that I can, like, get back to not, I don't want to get to, like, the fitness model look, but I want to get back to where I, like, I feel proud of where that is. And

[808:47] Speaker 3: so I want to get back to healthy and feeling good,

[809:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Like, I know what it takes for me to get there, but I've had this mindset of, okay, I Well, if I can't, like, fully go all in, I'm not going to do it type of a thing. And I needed, like, take my own advice that I gave everybody here today. What is one shift that I can do this week that I haven't been doing? What is that one shift that I can do?

[815:11] Speaker 3: Cuz it all adds up, and in the end, like, I just want to healthy. I don't need to be a workout queen. So

[816:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: very cool. What is one shift that we can do? Awesome? Alright? Well, listen, let's take some questions here. Let's, let's, let's do some coaching. We can go over your again. We can go over anything here today. It doesn't have to be about what we talked about. What we talked about either. We can go over sales copy. We can go over anywhere you're where you're stuck. We can go over anything that you need to get some breakthrough. That one shift that's we might be you raising your hand and asking a question, instead of, instead of being shy or saying, I don't have a question. So how many of y'all come up with questions after the call and during the week? You're like, I'm going to ask Jeremiah that. And then you, you know, here's, here's a great shift for you. Go write it down in your phone real quick, and then go make a post in the group during the week, or have a list of the questions midweek I had. I remember I had one of our clients did that. She would write stuff down. She'd come on the calls with like, 10 questions. So that might help, too. Michelle, what's up? Michelle,

[836:18] Michelle Plucinsky: you know, I'll say one thing, because you're talking about mindset. And you know, I'm in Russell's course. So it's interesting because they have mindset coaches. And we were talking, and I'm like, you know, some of the people annoy me, like they're big boats or their big cars. And it was really interesting because she was telling me, like, two years ago, they weren't that, you know, they really struggled, and now they're at a place they can do that, which is pretty much what you're saying. And then the other part of it is it's like, if I want to achieve that, I can't be like, knocking down someone else for having a boat or a house that was their dream. Very true, you know. And why does it bother me? I

[846:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: will tell you it's interesting though, having like, little kids, my wife and I, like, I don't know if I don't know if I want a sports car. I don't want to be that flashy, like, when I was single, or, like we were just, just us married, like, it's fine, like, I'll be flashy, like, with the sports car. But now I'm like, I don't know if I want to have that much attention, like, you know, with the little kids. So because we were thinking, I was like, Oh, we could afford a Lincoln Navigator, but we bought a Ford Expedition. You know, we just got a new Ford Expedition. Lat two weeks ago. Nice, so it's beautiful. We traded our truck in and got a Ford Expedition. No, the Ford Expedition is way better than the minivan. For sure,

[858:49] Speaker 0: that thing is a beast.

[859:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: But, yeah, exactly. It's, it's all we can't knock like what somebody else does, because I don't knock if somebody, like, wants to have all this stuff. I had the desire to have the Lamborghini and all that before, um, now it's funny, I don't have that desire. Like I was talking to Abigail, I was like, I think I might, I might buy like, a Dodge Charger, because I could fit the car seat in the back seat, you know, it's got about like four or 500 horsepower or something fun that Daddy can drive. But, you know, yeah, so I used to have like, four cars. I had a Corvette, and I had a Hellcat and all that. That was like, five years ago. Now we just got the expedition, and I'm looking at getting, maybe getting a Dodge Charger, so, but yeah, you're absolutely right, Michelle. And what's great for you might not be like, great for somebody else. Everybody else is on their own journey. Yeah, what's great might not be the best for somebody else. Yeah? Yep, I'll tell you this. Like before I had kids, I actually wish that I understood the mental health stuff that I do now and the mindset stuff, because I probably would have worked 100 hours, but from a. Place of ease, I would have worked totally differently. I because I didn't have anything else to do. I didn't have as many responsibilities. I think I probably would have thrived a lot more, working more hours before we had the kids. And I look back and I'm like, okay, like, I wish I knew what I know now, but now with the kids, I'm like, I don't want to work that much, you know. I look at, okay, 20 years from now, even, even 15 years, like, when they're teenagers, I'll probably work a lot more than when they're all teenagers, you know. But I'll still, I'll still probably not work more than a nine to five at that stage, and then, like, I like, why am I like? It's funny. Just, I think it's because my mom has given me such a great vision of, like, what empty nester looks like, you know? So like, empty nester Jeremiah is, like, I'm just going to be obsessed with my my investments and family, and just do whatever the heck I want all day long, you know. And if that means one week, I'm going to work 100 hours because I'm building a company like that's great, and then the next I work nothing.

[899:19] Michelle Plucinsky: You know? It's interesting. I wish I would have known these before. It would have made entrepreneurship a little better, because we were very involved with our kids. Homeschool, did all the things, but then once gone and settled, it's like, Oh, my God, my time. It's like, I've doubled my productivity, and this was coming.

[903:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yes, yeah, I can already. I can tell I'm glad I spent, like, I'm glad we spent so many years in our marriage, six years of our marriage without kids, that was that was a game changer for us, for sure, too. So all right, any other, anyone else, any other questions. I hope that nobody feels like ashamed or guilty or sad or down on themselves when we talked about today, because I know that sometimes that's where our mind can go to, and if so, like, that's okay too, and that's how you're feeling. These shifts are things that we can make, and it's incremental, and we can start to make shifts in our lives.

[919:33] Speaker 4: Jeremiah, I think I had more of a comment that this is, this is an excellent conversation, because I get stuck in the training and planning. I'm looking at the trainings. I'm planning, planning, planning. And at the end of the week I had an excellent plan, but I'm not implementing I go to the next week with another plan and another plan. So about two weeks

[926:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: ago, how many people do that? Right? I

[926:48] Speaker 4: made myself do the LLC and EIN number. So I started that because, just like you were saying, my husband and I were paying off debt, and I was like, when I finish, I'm going to do this and do that. And I was like, no, let me just start. So doing that made me take action. But my question is, how do you get out of all of the like, I'm a training addict. That's, that's what I do. I just love training. I love to plan. And I guess my you've answered the question, because you've given us this challenge, and my challenge is to do a lead magnet. I have to start building my email list. So how do you get out of all this training and planning? And is that fear? Is that really fear?

[937:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think fear is a piece of it. Um, I think that, okay, weirdly enough, there's actually, like a, there's a dopamine part of it, too. So they have done research on, on, on dopamine, the reward chemical in the brain. Did you know that you actually will get more dopamine from planning than you will executing? It's crazy. So we become addicted to the reward, the feeling of planning. Yes, it's more exciting to plan, mm hmm, then to actually get the payoff. And then once we take action. And then here's the other thing, okay, we take action, and maybe it didn't turn out quite how we had envisioned. So now we feel burnt out, or we feel down on ourselves because that happened. So it's the fear of it not turning out how we want it to, that's the fear. Mm, hmm. So we're stuck in the planning because, well, if I just stay in planning stage, then I never have to actually see what happens

[957:28] Speaker 4: safe.

[958:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: But then at the same time too, like our brain gets wired for this. Okay, well, I planned enough. Today. So I did something, yes, and you sort of gotta, like, rewire that brain and de and we gotta, like, detox ourselves out of that addiction to the planning, to where you almost like, Okay, no more planning. Mm, hmm, okay. We're gonna, we're gonna go cold turkey off of, off of planning. And I can only plan one thing once I have a taken action on two things on my list that I procrastinated on. Okay, that's good, yeah. So now we end up because here's what we're doing, we're going to hack that dopamine, because we get such that desire for planning with that reward, we're going to hack it to where, okay, I can plan once I do the thing that I got to take action on, and so then what that ends up doing is it'll actually rewire your brain pretty quickly to where, okay, I want to take more action, because that's where I actually am Starting to get the reward from is by taking action. Yes, and so and so. It's just be, it's there's this. It's the self awareness of, okay, this is going on. You're You're, you're here today. You're self aware of it. You're talking about it. You're you're you're you're you're you're shining a spotlight on something that often times people feel embarrassed to even talk about or bring Right, right. And now, by the way, in the personal development world as well, there's a lot of memes and quotes and things that say, Well, if you if you fail to plan, you plan to fail. Right? Yes, right, oh, gosh, I get the sentiment of that, but at the same time, I think that statement has hurt more people's success than anything else. Yes, because imperfect action, taking action on a halfway finished plan is far better than waiting for the plan to be completely finished, entirely Wow. Doing something is better than trying to plan and come up with it, right? And actually, Tiffany, I love the wording you said, taking our shot is better than not at all. You know, like Jordan was right, basketball player, yes. Do you know how many, how many shots Michael Jordan missed? No in his career. Michael Jordan missed 9000 shots in his career,

[1005:32] Speaker 4: and yet crazy

[1005:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: is considered still I mean, I mean, I mean the argument is LeBron James better than Michael Jordan, right, probably not like Michael Jordan is still the greatest. There was Ross James, number you know, number two, right, right. And yeah, Michael Jordan, he missed 9000 shots. Wow. And he's quoted by saying, I failed over and over and over again, and that is why I have succeeded. I love it because he he he missed that many shots. And it says, I'm scrolling through here. Steph Curry hasn't made every free three three pointer that he's ever tried to make. He's missed 50% of every shot that he takes. So we gotta realize that, like baseball players, a world class, Hall of Fame level baseball player in their career is going to miss 75 70% of every swing that they take, but they're still going to bat 300 which is 30% they're going to hit, right? So, like that's a sports analogy, sure. Let's take a great gardening analogy. You know, not every seed you plant grows into something as well. Not every, not every action we take is going to produce a result. And that's how it's supposed to be. That's what planet Earth life is. That's what life on this planet is. The most successful people. I'm gonna give you a great another example here I about every, every one in every like three lead magnets I launched, Does, does terrible. So I I'm an expert at what I do, and yet I probably like I'm. Miss about 65% of the time with my lead magnets. Okay, okay, and so like, understand that that's that that's normal, that that's okay, that that doesn't mean that I'm a failure. It means that I I'm in the game, that I'm taking action, that I'm doing something, right.

[1046:32] Speaker 4: I love that you're in the game, right? I gotta step in the game and

[1047:42] Speaker 0: yeah,

[1048:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: and listen, sometimes we we, we don't take action because we don't want to disappoint other people. One of my biggest things that have stopped me from success in my career is the fear of disappointing others, disappointing my wife, disappointing my mom, disappointing my family, disappointing my clients. We don't ever set out to disappoint people, but listen, if we're afraid of disappointing people, we're never going to do anything. We don't ever come to the table saying, Well, I want to disappoint somebody today, yet at the same time, at the same time, can I tell you this?

[1060:16] Speaker 0: I hope

[1060:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you start to disappoint people more often, because it means you're doing something, yes, and that's not a bad thing, because you can also fix it if you do. I I disappointed my wife this morning, and I immediately was like, You know what? You're right, I'm so sorry. I I wasn't kind in how I said that.

[1071:03] Speaker 0: And you know,

[1071:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: it was in the middle of stress. We had the two babies crying, and right, they're needing to eat, and and then she's in the middle of something, and I'm in the middle of something, and then I'm just like, I made like, a a comment. And she's like, wow, that wasn't really very kind.

[1076:28] Speaker 0: That was really rude me a

[1077:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: couple years ago, I would have said I wasn't rude. You're being silly. Couple years ago. Gosh, now that becomes a fight. Eventually I come around to saying, You know what, I was rude, because eventually I See the Light, yes. Morning I was just like, you know you're right. That wasn't, I didn't say that the right way.

[1082:44] Speaker 0: That wasn't very kind, right? You fixed it. I fixed it. It was, it was great, yes.

[1085:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I made a note of, okay, in these situations,

[1086:48] Speaker 0: probably not something I need to say again.

[1088:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: It applies to life, it applies to business, all these things.

[1090:03] Speaker 4: No, thank you. Jeremiah, yeah, you bet

[1091:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right. We got any other questions here? Anyone else got anything?

[1093:45] Speaker 0: Raise your hand.

[1094:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tomorrow is our VIP group call, so that'll be great to go over with our VIPs. Anything we want to go over with them. And I'm excited because I know that we're going to have more people from this group that are going to be joining

[1098:56] Speaker 0: the VIP soon.

[1100:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: As we start making everybody more money. I really, I really, truly, I think that this year there is a there's a moment in time right now in the coaching industry

[1103:06] Speaker 0: that I can see

[1103:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: where there is a there's a lot of money to be made, and there's a lot of people that we can help, because there's a lot of people that have experienced some some some pretty bad coaching, and they've not been they've not been treated well. And there's a lot of people too that are getting out of coaching. You know, I'm noticing more and more people, they're retiring from coaching. They're getting out of it because they haven't made the kind of money they want to make. And so what that does is it's a cycle in the coaching industry. Alex hermosi is probably responsible for the last cycle and and COVID. So we had COVID 19, and then Alex for Mozi, uh, what did Alex do? Well, he wrote these books, 100 million dollar offers and 100 million dollar leads, incredible books. By the way, I highly recommend Alex for mo these 100 100 Million Dollar offers book to everybody, 100 million dollar leads. Was, it was okay, I but what ended up happening was, is that now everybody like thought, okay, I can become a millionaire as a coach. And while there's the possibility and the opportunity of it, the outcome certainly did not translate that way to everybody at all. That's a that's a statement. My mom says, opportunities are equal, but outcomes are not. And so how can we level the playing field for those those outcomes? That's what we do here in this program, and that's, that's exactly what I want for for each and every one of you, is to be able to to level those outcomes out for you to where you start to see the outcomes that you're wanting. But there's an incredible opportunity right now in the coaching industry, I believe, more than ever, to make a lot of money in the coaching industry. So alright, Tiffany, what's going on? Tiffany, hello,

[1137:38] Tiffany Quinones: hello, hello, hello. Thank you for today. This was, I appreciate it, and I'm, I'm thank you for sharing what you go through. Because, yeah, I'm like, he's human, so I know he's gotta, you know, be going through stuff, but thank you for your courage to share that with us. Oh, yeah, cuz it helps us to know that. Oh, you know what he I

[1144:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: would say some of that stuff was definitely the some of the more courageous stuff that I've

[1145:35] Tiffany Quinones: shared, yeah. Well, whatever you share, I appreciate, and I'm because it, it helps us to know, hey, we're, you know what? We're in the right place. We're doing all the right things. Oh, it's

[1148:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: funny. I used to be afraid to share some of my story and things I struggle with, because I was afraid of making my mom look bad. I'm not afraid of that anymore. So,

[1151:48] Tiffany Quinones: yeah, there's something that shifts I know on that topic, when my birth mom passed away in April, I wouldn't have to pass away, right, right? No, but what happened is my birth mom is responsible for me getting into the foster care system before I was one, and so I was afraid to share a lot of parts of my story, because I had this like unspoken contractual cord, and I was fearful that I would be judged, criticized, ostracized. I mean, that did happen from church folk, but there was just that unspoken fear. But also, getting therapy has helped a lot. It's good, but I don't really have any questions, because I just like to share my celebrations of things. I started what you were talking about over the weekend. I walked myself through, like, confidence, reclamation of sorts, and yeah, and I started because I was operating from previous things, of experiences, of self versions operating, and how things have used to be, versus where I'm at now, and like, where do I want to go? And using this version, because it's like, this version helped me get to here. So thank you. I've got it from here. Now let's go. So what I've already started implementing is I've started talking about my program that I have, which I feel more confident. I also feel super confident about the pricing, because I valued it at a certain price, and then I'm like, well, let's just make it this price. I mean, it's 60 days. And so I started, I also started promoting it and using the link that I created quickly in podia while I'm and then this week, I'm going to work on getting my landing page completed so I can start promoting that doing all the back end stuff this week as well.

[1185:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. Yeah, that's great. Good job. Thank you. All right. Anyone else have any other questions before we wrap it up here? Yeah?

[1191:05] Speaker 0: Anyone else

[1192:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I find sometimes, after certain weeks where I like challenge the group, the questions are a lot lower, but I what?

[1196:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, well, if there's not more questions, we're going to log off here, then, all right, Michelle, you're welcome. And so we have. Our Q and A call next week. We have our VIP group call tomorrow, and I will talk to everybody soon. Have a good one. See you tomorrow. Wade Bye.

