WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-10-20T19:54:24.000Z
Duration: 81 min
Otter ID: 1qs97oEL8-EBI8cWNNBucLD5n8U
---

[1:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, hello, today. Oh, I'm so great glad that you guys are here. Hey, Shonda, I'm so glad you're here. Hi, Jeremiah, I was praying that you were going to be here today. So there we go. Oh, look at this.

[6:32] Speaker 1: Wow. How about that? God

[7:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: really does answer prayer. Deborah is here too. Well. I was praying that Deborah would be here and Shonda. Let's see if everybody on my prayer list shows up today. We'll see

[11:25] Speaker 2: you. I love the fact that we're on your prayer list. That's awesome.

[12:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh yeah, everybody that makes

[12:57] Shonda Whitworth: me feel good. That makes me feel good.

[13:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, everybody, everybody in this group is so can you hear me good?

[15:15] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, I get my earplugs in and just, yeah,

[16:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: cool. Oh, look, another one on my prayer list, Adele is here.

[18:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Adele is here. Was praying that she'd be here.

[19:11] Speaker 2: I just saw a glimpse of something that she just posted. But I it was like it popped up. You know, Facebook's been doing this thing where all of a sudden, like, I'm scrolling and it it like trips, and then it just like, goes all the way back to where I started. But I think today only was that today, today, I've had it happen a couple times.

[25:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know, I know the Amazon servers are down today, so a lot of people are having a bit of a

[26:29] Adele Best: struggle with the my my daughter said that Snapchat went down for three hours, and the whole school was like. The kids were losing it, oh

[28:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. Half of the stock half of the stock market apps are down, so the market's up, but they're down

[30:14] Speaker 2: by now. By now,

[30:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: people can't either buy or sell. It's crazy. So I had to close the window because it was like, stressing me out.

[33:36] Adele Best: I think Jeremiah, I think you're I think you're Thinkific affected as well. Because I logged in earlier. I was like, I gotta go. I went in and there was no courses. It said you don't have any, you're not enrolled in any courses. I was like, No, all my courses are wiped. And I was like, maybe Jeremiah's blocked me out of them.

[38:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: That blocked you out of them. Service can take a look and see if

[39:43] Adele Best: they're yeah, I've sent them. I've sent support an email, so hopefully they can fix it.

[40:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, great, awesome. We were adjusting some things in the back there, so, but we'll, we'll get you taken care of. No problem. All right. Well, today I got just a great lesson. I think if you're again, if you're watching the recording, I'm going to, I'm just going to implore everybody to watch the recording too, who's not here, so then they can, they can get this just because this is a powerful, powerful lesson. I know some people wrote me and said they weren't going to be able to be here. So today is our live training. And you can tell my my energy is really I'm here. I'm here for it today. And so thank you for being here. Thank you for joining us today. I'm going to minimize the window just a little bit so I won't see any questions that pop up as it's minimized. By the way, that's a little little hack I do when I'm on Zoom and I'm like going to be doing a training. I gotta focus. I just minimize the screen and everything as if I'm just talking to the camera. It actually helps me some people, they like if they see people, I for me. For some reason, I almost like if I don't see people, or I don't like even see myself. And so anyways, there you go. So we're going to talk about here today is an acronym called, let's adjust the camera here to slightly, okay, S, M, S, and we're not talking about text messages either. I'm sure you're familiar. Who's all familiar with text messages. Raise your hand, right? You text people SMS. And by the way, that's something we can do for interaction. You can raise your hand. Everybody can kind of raise their hands and do that, which is fun. So there we go. Okay, so what I want to talk about, though, is SMS, and this is actually an acronym that stands for ship, measure.

[69:26] Speaker 6: Sustain.

[70:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I just noticed something on my whiteboard here. Okay, I got, I got a funny thing to share with you guys. You know how two year olds get into things all the time. Halston's almost three. Well, he came here in my office and he, I see some of the marks on here for it. Well, he found this orange marker, and he decided to color, oh, let me just show you the picture. He decided to color his entire face with the marker. So, ha. Ah, that was yesterday. I thought Abigail was going to ring me a new one. When she saw it, she cracked up. She's like, No makeup remover will take it off. We literally, she was right. Makeup Remover took it all off right away. But I was like, we were up here, and he's, we're playing up here. And I turned my back for like two seconds, and he had the marker all over his face. I was like, bro, really? So anyways, I saw some of the markings on the bottom here, and it just reminded me of, yes, that's hilarious. It's never a dull moment here in the Krakowski household with the kids. Okay, so ship, measure, sustain. The number one thing that's most important for you in your business, in this program here, is for you to get results financially with your business and to produce results for your clients. Now the part of producing results for your clients, I'm going to leave that up to leave that up to you. I think the people that we attract here in this program, we we've not necessarily built this program around like, I'm going to show you how to be the greatest mentor in the world, because you guys have great content. You know your content, you know that it's going to impact people. I give you stuff on like how to share it with people, and some of the nuances and things like that that I've learned and how I learned, and how I using AI and things like that that can assist with things. But I'm going to leave that part of it, getting client. Clients results up to you. What I want to focus on is getting those clients in front of you that produces the financial outcomes for you that you're looking for. And one of the biggest things that happens, especially in a container like this, we can all see what everybody's been, been doing, been up to all of that. Oh, you know what? Y'all I forgot to go live on Facebook. I forgot to go live on Facebook everybody. So let's go live on Facebook for the people that are, that are, that are in the back and they're waiting for us. Let's, let's, let's see this Facebook, I don't, I don't want to miss, I don't want to miss this. Yes, it's being recorded. It is being recorded. And then we're going to go over here on Facebook. See, I had the whole I had the window open and everything to do this. So stream keys right there. There's the link. The streaming page is right here. So anyways, David, David just logged in. What we're talking about is this concept of SMS. It doesn't stand for text messages, it stands for ship measure, sustain. And so what we're doing is, is I'm going to be going over just practically a strategy of how that looks, and this is what I think is one of the most important ways to make sure that you're getting the financial results that you want in your business for everybody who's in here. So, okay, let's see. Copy the invite link. Copy the invite link. Okay, live training. Join us on zoom here. I'm just going to put that there, and then we'll, we will press go live in the Facebook group, just for anybody who's in there. Okay, great. We're going live in the Facebook group. So for those of you who are just logging in on the Facebook group, we're going to get this going. We're going to get this ship off the ground. People, trust me. I promise, I promise we will. So SMS, ship, measure sustained and what does this mean? Well, when you're inside of a container like this, there's something that happens where we can see what everybody else is is doing, and we see everybody's successes, we see their failures, we see their mishaps, we see all of that, and it creates a version in our mind of what we don't want to happen, how we do want things to happen, and unfortunately, that can actually cause some problems in you doing this process, ship measure sustained because you're comparing your offer, your business, to what other people are doing. So one of the number one things I want to encourage you to do is to sometimes put on some blinders. Don't compare what you're doing to what you are trying to avoid that somebody else is doing. And this is a question to always ask yourself, What am I trying to avoid? What am I trying to avoid happening inside of my business, inside like this negative thing. And many times, if we go seven layers deep into it, right? Ever heard about seven layers deep? You ask yourself the question, why? Well, why am I afraid? Why am I hesitant? Why am I stalling? The idea of ship means that you are going to put something out there, and what you're going to do is you're going to launch it. You're going to have safety nets, but we also want to beat perfectionism and perfectionism, the reason why we don't want to let perfectionism get in is really perfectionism is ultimately, as we found last week, it's approval seeking. We're seeking approval that we're trying to accomplish, whether it be from a mentor, from our clients, from the results, and we're so focused on outcome goals that we won't take action and ship something until we feel confident in the outcome goal. And so this is what I actually want to reframe here in the beginning here, and this is going this is going to be, I would say this is going to be some of your, some of you. This is going to be your favorite lesson that I've ever taught. When you watch this, you're going to go back and watch the recording of this is when we are focused on I need the outcome to happen. I need the outcome goal to happen. We end up holding ourselves back and avoiding doing the very things because of the risk that we're trying to avoid. Now, if we go seven layers deep, the risk often boils down to one of two categories, either it's it's public judgment or personal judgment, Judgment that we have of ourselves. I would never do that type of a thing. Or a person of my caliber would never do that, or I don't or you don't want other people to judge you. You don't want to judge yourself, or you don't want other people to judge you. Oftentimes, it is the same thing or catastrophic failure. I don't want to fail. I don't want this to fail. I need the outcome to go how I want. And we have a vision and a version in our mind that we're trying to control. Newsflash, can I tell you that is a losing battle, and it always will be in business. When it comes to launching in your business, trying to control the outcome is something that we cannot do. Rather trying to control the process we have the ability to do at all times. The outcome might be, I want to go viral. I want to get sales. I want subscribers. We can't always control that, because how people respond can be different based on conditions of the marketplace. It can be different based on the time of year. It can be based on the difference of what's going on socioeconomically. It can be based on what is going on inside of other people's lives. And by the way, if we want to take a step back and realize this, I know most of us think this way, but some of us may not. I know sometimes I struggle with this. Not everybody lives the same life that we do. Okay. Not everybody is experiencing the same life that we do, not even all of our clients or potential clients. I'll tell you this, I used to conflate, often times what I was going through, and think, oh man, my clients are going through this. And now I've realized, especially with having two kids under the age of three years old, not everybody is experiencing that side of things, and that's a whole different layer of stuff that I'm experiencing every day, that not everybody is. And there's so many lessons that I'm learning in that as well. But what you want to do is you want to figure out what is controllable. The process is controllable. Now, the issue is that we get stuck in this loop of trying to control the process and and not limiting ourselves to it being a beta test to put out there. I've talked about this for a long time. You want to launch all of your offers with the idea of this is a beta test. This is an alpha test.

[224:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: This comes again, from like the software engineering world. It's not complete. It's not perfect. We're looking to get feedback. That's all you're seeking. You're just seeking feedback from the marketplace. And then that's where we go into measuring it. Now, again, the number one, the number two reasons. Remember this, if you dive deeper, seven layers deep, and it's going to be important for sustain right here. Level three, sustain, we're going to be talking about this. We're going to talk about this a little bit at the bottom of level two. Measurement level level one, you do seven layers deep of asking yourself, okay, why am I afraid of XYZ happening? The thing that you're trying to avoid happening, that's preventing you, that's you're trying to control, the outcome, goals. What is the opposite of that, that you don't want to happen? Why are we working so hard? Because by the way, you can also work way. Hard on your process, where you're constantly re updating your sales copy, re updating that, and you're never actually putting something out there. And ultimately, again, that that boils back into trying to control the outcome, because you're not launching it, because you're trying to control the outcome, asking yourself that question, why? Why am I doing this? Well, I don't want it to fail. Well, why don't you want it to fail? I don't want to lose money. Well, why don't you want to lose money? Well, I don't want to feel like a failure. Well, why don't you want to feel like a failure? Well, because I have to take care of my family with that finances. Well, why are you afraid of not being able to take care of your family? Because I don't want to be a loser that doesn't take care of my family. And it also often comes down to this, like identity piece that we don't want to get caught up in. Here's another way that it can manifest. Well, I don't want to say something that way, that maybe sounds unprofessional. Well, why? Well, I would never say it that way. Well, why is that? Well, because I've been trained professionally to not sound that way. Well, what is what is what if you go against your training? Well, then I'm going to be judged by other people, and I'm going to judge myself as not being good enough. Well, what if you're not good enough according to their standards? Why does that matter? Well, and I don't know the answer to that for some people, but because it's, again, that's something that I don't personally necessarily deal with as much. But I know a lot of people do deal with that. And they deal with that fear of not doing things the right way, the right way all the time, making sure that they do the right thing all the time. What is the right way to ship it? So I'm not going to ship it unless it's right. And again, this boils down to, it's perfectionism. It's trying to get approval from yourself or other people, instead of just getting feedback, just seeing what happens, experimenting, having an experimentation mindset, adopting the imperfection mindset, okay, we've been talking about that a lot. It's going to help you so much if you can literally rewire your brain around what I just talked about, and that might mean changing parts of your personality that you have been holding on to for a long time, that have held you successful, but they're also holding you back. And I will tell you that, yes, there is risk to this. You don't need to apply it in every part of your life, but at least when it comes to launching in your business. And then what we do is we go into measurement. What we want to do is we want to measure the metrics. We want to see, okay, what is the what is the results of this? And the results that we're looking for has to do with, okay,

[282:56] Speaker 1: what

[283:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: kind of people were activated? How many people open the email? How many people listen to this? How many people watch the training? What kind of comments did we receive from people? And many times, the comments that I'm looking for are questions whenever I make content, I made a lot of content. You can go on my YouTube and see over 2000 almost 3000 videos. And some of my videos get no comments, and others of them, they literally give people telling me their life story beneath them of how it impacted them. And that's what I look for, is I look for people to feel safe enough to share their life story and open up what's really going on, what's really going on beneath the surface. That's actually the number one best feedback that I can get from any training that I offer is that people are willing to open up as far as what's really going on, and they go deeper than just Well, I'm not getting the leads that I want. They might go deeper to wow. I have a real need for control that's stopping me from launching my offer. Wow. I'm so afraid of it failing, because if I lose $100 in my marketing, what would that mean about me personally? What would that mean about my my ability to be responsible. What would that mean about my ability to serve my family? What would that mean about my ability to do that and when we self identify our meaning, our core meaning of who we are, in the results and outcomes that we get, we're fighting a losing battle. You know, what we want to look for is, we want the confidence in our business to come not from the outcomes that are generated, but from taking action, from doing something. So often we hear teachings on confidence all about, you know, confidence comes from what you do. And I thought about that for a long time, because I was like, I've done a lot of great things, and yet, many times I don't feel confident. I've not felt confident. Why is that? And I realized that it's not necessarily tied to your outcomes, but to the process to you. Consistent in the process. My confidence comes from consistently showing up and doing the work and listening to people and connecting and paying attention to what's working what's not. And what we want to do too, what we're measuring is we want to actually go on this process called iterate. Pivot, sunset. I do this all the time. In what I'm doing, in my marketing, in my business, in my personal life, you set certain thresholds for so iterate means, okay, we shipped something. We launched it. We put it out there. What do we need to adjust? What do we want to keep the momentum going on? What was working? Pivot means changing directions. What do we need to change directions on? Okay, nobody showed up to the webinar. Maybe we need to change the topic that we're talking about. That's it. You don't personally self identify with the fact that, oh my god, it failed. Now I've invested all this money and it didn't produce the result that I want, and now I'm in the hole, and now I'm see those are stories that we can tell ourselves, that we can get caught up in. We can get caught up in feeling sorry for ourselves that we're not further along than we want to be. And I'll tell you, I'm one of the worst at doing this. I can get caught up in a story of feeling sorry for myself that I'm not further along than I want to be, because I get so attached to the vision of where I want to go that I end up feeling like I lost or missed out on that thing, because something went a different direction, when the truth is, what are the lessons that we learned along the way in this process? What are the things that we that, that we adjusted, that are improving upon this process and giving ourselves the grace that you know what perfect outcomes are, not what we're looking for. We're looking to go through the process. As you go through the process, you will start to see better stuff start to come together for you. You know, Tiffany's been talking about all these different results that she's starting to do because she's starting to do this. I'm seeing it. I recognize it. She's starting to actually ship and go through the process and iterate and look at, okay, what do I need to pivot? What do I need to adjust? And not waiting for the perfect outcomes to take action? And sometimes you need to pivot. Sometimes it's like, okay, that's not working. We need to change a direction altogether. I remember there was a course that I was launching for a while. It was, it was one of the top courses that I put out there, it was like, how to start your coaching business, or how to find your niche. And I'll tell you, I got a lot of people who would sign up for that, but very few would actually become clients, and almost none of them who became a client through that would actually see results. And that was eating me alive. I was like, Okay, I have this offer. By all the metrics, it's working well, we're getting sales, we're getting a lot of leads, but then people aren't staying out with us, and they're not getting the outcomes I'm wanting. For them, they're not getting the results that we want. Why is this because we were attracting people at the beginning stage, when rather, our program is more for people that need to learn about their marketing, their offer creation, how to get something out there and to market to people. And that's why we pivoted everything inside of this business around that direction of marketing. And doing this for the people that are doing the work, not those that are just starting out overall. Okay, and so with this, it's like you you pivot, you adjust, you move the directions, and then what are the things that we want to sunset? Maybe they're not producing the result that we want. We've been doing them a long time. We're not getting the type of iteration that we want. I actually just did this with my grow your life podcast. I didn't even tell anybody. So every week I was recording a podcast, and I was also doing YouTube videos. Now, I'm still going to keep making YouTube videos, but what I told my team is this, I'm not going to necessarily be making specialized podcast episodes anymore. I'm just going to record to my YouTube and I want you to upload if the video is longer than 10 minutes long, I want you to just upload it to my podcast, run it through AI for a title and description, and turn every YouTube video now into a podcast. And I'm no longer making podcast episodes. I'm just recording content as I get ideas for my YouTube which what did that do? That cut the amount of time in my content creation down to a third and gave me a lot more flexibility, if I like. If I'm not able to record a video at a certain day or time, it's okay because also, the podcast don't have to launch on Mondays or Tuesdays or Wednesdays on a specific day. We don't need to make all these specific posts about them. They're just going to be up there, and they're going to be a way that people can interact and get and and they're going to be able to consume. The content. But I sunsetted this whole idea of, okay, I have this a specific day for podcast. I was on like, Episode 360 or something, and I was just like, You know what? Like, I'm not going to get more results by doing it this way versus that way. In fact, I have more people watching these YouTube videos that are watching the podcast videos. So I might as well. Just lean in on what's working well, which is the YouTube videos versus focusing on separate podcast stuff. And that's what I look at. It's like, what can I sunset? What could I, you know, eliminate from what I'm doing? And that's what we look at, and we measure that. And then what we want to do is we go back and we do the same thing over and over again. We ship, we measure, we ship, we measure, we ship, we measure, we iterate, we adjust, we pivot, we make those changes. And the only way that you're actually able to do that successfully is this third one called sustain. You want to create what is called stable energy and stable confidence in your business. And actually got this concept of stable confidence. I've studied it. There's a there's an author, Jared. What's his name? Jared Pressler, is that his name? Audible? No, that's that's not his name, Jared Tendler. Jared Tendler, he is a coach for golfers, poker players and stock market traders, and he talks about this concept of stable confidence, and it's something that I believe is one of the most effective things, that when I do it, I do it naturally. The most successful people that I know do it. When I do it, I get more done. When I don't do it, I'm all over the place. And so what this means is creating a baseline for yourself, of your expectations, and actually lowering your baseline. Oftentimes, we hear about raising our standards, right, raising your standards, raising your expectations, when, in fact, that is oftentimes one of the most detrimental things that we can do in our business. In fact, the better thing that you can do is to lower your baseline, of your expectations, in your business, of the outcome that we're looking for. And what Jeremiah talks about is, he talks about ranking things in your level of confidence, in your levels of energy and your levels of emotion

[444:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: as a B or C levels of confidence. Let me show you an example of A, B C, okay, as it applies to your business. And by the way, this also works in reverse, A B C, because what he talks about is you neither want to get so elated, high off confidence. Like, how many of you have ever accomplished something so great in your life that you literally felt like you took a drug and you were so high off of it, you were just like, I'm so high on how excited I am right now and the confidence and the outcome and like, I want to feel this feeling forever, this feeling of like being invincible and on top of the world and then reality hits you right, always happens. So what he talks about is he talks about you neither want to get so high and elated on your confidence that you start becoming reckless and and and making these mistakes that are silly mistakes that you should be looking at you also don't want to get so negative in your confidence and your energy and your and your emotions that you're just down in the dumps, distraught, devastated, destroyed inside. And what I found is that a lot of times, as coaches and mentors, we can go like this, up and down, up and down. Okay, we launch a campaign, I'm on high, on the moon, and then the campaign didn't produce what we wanted, and now we're at the low. We're at we're bottom, we're bottomed out. And so what he talks about is he talks about lowering your baseline. And I found this so powerful. If you guys can get this, this is really going to, like, change every part of your life. So Level A of negative is like, Okay, I launched my campaign, and nobody's opened the email, and I feel kind of like, okay, what's going on? I'm unsure. Level B is okay. A little bit of panic starts setting in. What if the email is not working? What if it's not what if it's not set up right? What if I did something wrong? What if people don't like me, and then level C is just like, Oh my God, I've lost money. I've ruined my. Reputation, the world is coming crashing down. I'm going to lose my house. I'm going to everything's just going wrong. Okay, so those are Level A, B and C when it comes to our emotions and confidence. Level A, B and C in reverse, is, wow. I'm so excited. I launched a campaign. This is awesome. Level B is this is amazing. Everything's working perfectly. I can't believe that this is happening. I never expected this to go this way. This is so awesome, and by the way, that's one of the interesting parts about this. I never expected it to go this way. If we lower our expectations down from that level to where we're like, okay, I expect things to start to work out, and I'm excited for them to work out. It actually works really well for us and that. And then level C is, oh my gosh, this is amazing. I'm going to go buy a house and a Lamborghini, and I'm going to just put everything on my credit card and finance it, because I'm a millionaire, and you brought in your first, like, $5,000 okay, you can see, see above and beyond. Those are very dangerous places to be, right? And by the way, I I've seen people get there. I myself have gotten there before, where I get so excited. We have a bunch of great things going on, income wise, campaign wise, like, Let's go remodel the bathroom. Let's go do like, right? And then, oh no, like, an unexpected bill comes in, or or a catastrophe, or something like that, or things don't pan out exactly the way we wanted it to, and it literally takes us like this, these ups and downs, by the way. This is the human experience. This is how we are as people. But there's no more of a greater place that triggers this in us often than in business. When we go out there to launch our business, it oftentimes digs up things inside of us that we didn't realize we were dealing with, that maybe we've never dealt with before. You might even be a professional, a mental health professional who is a therapist that helps people through these issues with their life, and then you're dealing with your own version of flooding and emotions that are going on when it comes to your business, because you've not dealt with this in this area in a long time. Business digs up these types of things. You know, I found when I had kids, it dug up things that I thought that I had mastered in my life. I thought I was so disciplined before I had kids, and then I realized, no, I just didn't have kids. And now I've had to learn a whole new version of discipline, a version of discipline that's okay if we have to change the plan, a version of discipline that it's okay if we have to adjust some things, you know, because that's exactly what it is. It's exactly what happens. Whereas, like, you know, before that, I was like, you know, if you adjust something, you're a failure type of a thing. Like, I had this just mindset, and then that would eat me alive, because for months and months after having our kids, if I had to adjust something, I felt like a total failure and that I had lost my identity and who I am. And this all comes back to this whole idea of stable confidence, of lowering your baseline. Lowering your baseline looks like this. All right, I launched a campaign, and you look at, okay, what's, what's an outcome that's happened, that you know can happen, right? Let's, let's talk about an outcome that none of us wants to happen. We launch a campaign, you spend $10,000 on ads, and you get no leads and no sales. You lost 10 grand. Put it in the paper shredder. For most people, they would go to a level seat right there. But if we lower our baseline, we start to normalize the things that we have been avoiding that had been what would be previously devastating public judgment or catastrophic failure to where, okay, it's just part of the process. It's just part of that process. Now maybe you don't have $10,000 to lose, okay, figure out your budget, but I've always said this, if you're going to spend money on Facebook ads, don't spend more than you can lose at any one time. Same goes with investing, and sometimes there's a time and a place to break those rules. But what you want to look at is you don't want your belief, your confidence, your belief in yourself to become dictated based on the outcome that happens. Rather you lower your baseline to by normalizing, okay, the like, what's that thing I want to avoid? Well, it's okay. It's okay if clients hate me, it's expected. It's part of part of the process. Everybody's going to like me. It's okay if people are mean to me on social media. It's okay if people tell me I should stop coaching them. It's okay if I lose $10,000 on an ad campaign, because sometimes that happens, it's okay if I lose $500 on an ad campaign, it's okay if I've invested this much, and it's not produced the outcome, but I've learned lessons along the way. You lower your baseline so that now, like if we're good with it, it's good, it's fine. And that might sound counterproductive, because we think that the panic is what protects us. Your self protection does not come from that. See. What I'm teaching you right now is how you can listen to your intuition better. It's how you can hear that still, small voice inside of you better. It's how you can make more creative decisions. Because the number one reasons why we can't hear our intuition, and the number one reason why we sometimes lack creativity or confidence in doing something, and not some false, inflated level of confidence, but a real, sustainable level of confidence is because of these ups and downs that go on like this, and our and our nervous system is not, is not used to this level of of extremes, highs or lows. I would find I would reach a high after launching a campaign, made a million dollars, and now I'm like, Okay, I gotta, like, I don't know what to do. Like, my brain shuts down because it's so high on what to do, I don't know what to do because of that level of success. I've had this happen in business. I had this happen in like, I'm training myself of this with my with my stock market trading. I had a $40,000 month in trading, and then, of course, the next month I'm like, I'm I'm down $1,000 like, Okay, what's going on here? Right? What was the difference? What changed and all that developing, that level of confidence now I'm up another 15,000 and things like that. And that can happen in our business, that can happen in life, my relationship, my my we're going good. My wife and I are going good, and that's something happens where things don't go perfectly for us in our marriage or our family and and and now we're being stretched. We're being pushed to our limit. The kids end up going to the emergency room two days in a row. That was a tough one last last month,

[602:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Kyron went to the emergency room on Saturday, and then Halston went on Sunday. And I will tell you that was hard, still kind of hurts to talk about. But you know what? My wife and I, we talked about this. We got two boys, we need to lower our baseline. This shouldn't be unexpected, not that we ever would want it to happen. But this is not unexpected, and if something happens, we're going to come at it from a place of being sober minded and not devastated by the fact that this happened like we like the emotions that we experienced a month ago, because that's going to help us think clearly and make decisions and know what to do and how to do it and how to take care of the situations better. And so what it is is this idea of stable confidence is that we end up normalizing the things that we want to avoid, as far as like, Okay, kids are going to get hurt. We don't ever want that to happen, but it's going to happen. Your business isn't always going to produce the outcomes that you're looking for, and that's why, if we're so focused when we're shipping our offers on the outcome versus the process. We can end up getting overwhelmed. We will end up procrastinating. We end up depleting our energy, we end up not taking action, and we end up in the same cycle that I know some of you have told me about, that you're dealing with, and this is the blueprint to break out of that cycle. I've been studying this because I know a lot of you are have dealt with some of this is, how do we get the motivation when we're lacking motivation? This is how you do that, because then what you do is you remind yourself of why you got started. You remind yourself of how excited you are to take action, not to the point that you're like overconfident, but that it motivates you to take action again, and then you figure out how to be sustained and stable. When we talk to stability, this is erratic, up and down. This is chaotic. I know I'm not talking about being flatlined. You're still going to do this. You're still going to experience that. And by the way, I think there's some teachings of stoicism and stuff like that that are great. There's others that are some people attached to that are not about shutting down emotion and not and not feeling certain things you want to feel things deeply, but you want to figure out the meaning that you apply to it, and get to a place where, okay, is this going to derail me? Is this going to affect my confidence and change my behavior? I was so excited getting started. Now, the campaign didn't work, and now I'm sitting there on my hands, afraid to do anything, and we end up lacking confidence in that, and we gotta build it back up, and it takes a long time, whereas if we keep this sort of baseline of stable confidence, you can iterate back and forth very quickly. You know, one of the things in our, in our, in my marriage, that's been a big one my wife. My wife has a very strong personality, very similar. In some ways, she'd hate that I say this, but to my mom, in some ways, my mom is a very strong personality. Some of you all know that, and especially when my mom is disappointed in something, she is very vocal about it. So is my wife, and that was very hard for me emotionally to deal with. Sometimes my wife is just giving me feedback, and I would shut down. I would go into fight, flight or freeze in this. And what this allowed me to do is realize, like, you know what? It's okay, stable confidence, lowering my baseline. Sometimes Abigail is not going to be happy about a situation, but if I don't shut down, if I can keep my baseline there where I'm like, Okay, this is to be expected. It's part of being in a relationship. It's part of being in a marriage, it's part of raising kids. Nine times out of 10, she's going to come back, and we'll have be able to have a conversation about it 10 times out of 10. Actually, we always can have a conversation about she's always open to a conversation, but oftentimes I was finding my emotions were going like this, and she doesn't want to talk to an emotional basket case of somebody who can't listen to feedback that makes it unsafe now for her to even give feedback. And I didn't like this about myself, that I was dealing with this and I couldn't take feedback from her in certain ways. And so what this taught me was, okay, if my baseline is this, I can hear the feedback, I don't shut down. I don't lose my confidence, I don't lose my excitement, I don't lose my energy. I don't let my emotions go like this. Rather, I'm able to keep that at that baseline. Now, there's one other thing that I will add to this. We can't always control this. We can't always control our emotions. I think that that's actually kind of a kind of a fantasy, cuz emotions are going to come in. You're going to have feelings that happen that we can't control, but what we can control is the meaning we apply to them, the actions that we take afterwards. And again, sometimes it does take working with a professional, working with a therapist going through that. What I love about this guy, Jared Tendler, who is teaching about this stable confidence process in poker and golf and trading, because he teaches this was that He is a licensed mental health professional therapist who took those concepts and created his own system that works for high performance fields. And then what I've done is I've kind of translated that for you here for what we gotta do in our coaching world. I've translated it my own life into every little part of my life, from how I pick up my household to how I show up with my kids, with my wife and things like that. And it's changed. It's changed everything for the positive. For me, I'm starting to see more momentum in my business in just the last few weeks of applying this than I have prior, because it's a framework that, again, before I had kids, I didn't necessarily need to do that. I could, I could have a lot of the ups and downs as much. But now I'm like, You know what? I don't have time or energy to have those ups and downs. I got to stay strong and stable in how I show up and how I lead my home, lead my family, and how I show up in my business or things are not going to sustain themselves. That's where the word sustain came from. We talked about ship, measure, sustain. And so we go back to what we talked about right here is that if you can develop this level of stable confidence, no matter what happens in the measured result, we can go right back to shipping it, because we feel just as confident after the measurement. Imagine launching a K. Campaign. You made a million dollars on the campaign. Now, what now? Let's flip it. Imagine you launched a campaign and you lost $100,000 in advertising. What would you do next? Now, that's an emotional roller coaster right there, you would certainly feel it. Those are really highs and really lows. Imagine you made $5,000 you lost 500 even that could be an emotional roller coaster. What if you had the same level of confidence that you started with in your business, the same level of belief and excitement and energy, and that your outcome didn't determine if you were ready to take action or launch something or not. Rather, you're able to keep that baseline of consistency. And that's what this is all about, is creating that internal game that is sustainable, so that you can iterate through, okay, we're going to we're going to ship and measure, measure and ship, and this literally becomes the process in business. My entire process that I have done in this business for let's, let me look back to 2013 is when I started, like, really building the funnels with my mom's no I was even I was doing affiliate offers in 2008 2007 so that's all again. That's like 1818, years of launching offers and funnels and iterating. This is it. You ship, you measure, you iterate, pivot, remove things. You ship it again. You measure the results. You ship another one, you measure results, and you keep that momentum going. And that's what you're doing inside of inside of your business. It's that repetitiveness that sometimes can be boring, but that's what's going to make you wealthy. It really will. Okay, so I want to take some questions here. I want to see maybe some of the feedback that's coming in the in the comments. I hope that this was helpful for you guys here today. I know it was a little bit different than some of the stuff that I've taught so far, but I think it can really powerfully help in some, some powerful ways. So Adele, what's going on? Adele,

[758:12] Adele Best: yeah, it's like, it's like, very wintry. Here in Ireland, it's freezing. I've got my onesie on. I'm in my I'm in my winter mode, hibernation mode. So excuse, excuse the vibe freezing out already in October. Well, it's wet and windy and just very Irish. And the house, it's like, he's just starting to get cold. You know, we're just starting to think about starting to think about putting heating on. So, yeah,

[763:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, we're still, like in the 60s to 80s here in Texas. So Oh

[765:05] Adele Best: no, it's not like out in Ireland. So yeah, that was so, so good. So it's like half term here next week, the kids are off half term. I'm taking a week off work, thank God. So I'm taking the week to really try to get my act together. And everything that you've said is just so in line with what I feel like, the people that I've the other coaches I've been listening to. I was listening to Alex for mosey earlier. I was listening to Gary V in the car yesterday, and they were saying the same things about consistency, about consistency, and about making long form content, that's that that's really speaking. It's not just making content for the sake of it. It's making content that interests your ideal client so they can buy from you. And I'm really, really feeling drawn to YouTube, and I bought, like, a mini training off an off some other coach, and she kind of just really reiterated that, yeah, long form content. Chop it up, repurpose it, put a funnel around it. It's not about numbers, it's about going deep with an ideal client avatar. Yeah, so I'm really excited next week. I'm gonna just go back to the basics. You know? I'm gonna create a little school community. Put content in there, start creating YouTube content, start recording, just bulk record, and just try, and then once, my main thing then is to try to maintain consistency when I go back to work, to try to, like, spend that week that I'm off work, to get an amount of bulk content created so that, so that I've never got nothing to post, and so that I've always got stuff to keep me going, driving forward. But it's about that consistency and like, I've been living far too much in, yeah, in in my nerve in my nervous system, and in my emotions, and it's time to just calm down and be a lot more detached and and exactly like you say, being consistent, doing the work day in, day out. I'm

[796:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: not shutting off your it's not shutting off your emotions. It's learning to kind of vibe with them in a different way.

[798:36] Adele Best: Yeah, and that's so I can feel myself like I'm really excited to. Start a YouTube channel, like, I really want it. Like, I think I'm gonna really enjoy it. I'm just gonna chill and just like, talk, put no pressure on myself, just really raw, no crazy edits. Just like, talk record, but like, use chat GBT to really create the content intentionally. And then just, like, just the way that you just the way that Rick Pino does. I'm going to teach you on something. And by the way, you can join my community just, you know, chop it up, put it onto IG, and when I finally think I'll be ready, then do some ads. So, yeah, it's all, it's all, it's just about doing the work. And I finally feel ready, ready to do that. What's

[811:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to help you to do that work is like finding those places where you have extreme highs and extreme lows in your emotions, like identify, start to journal them throughout your day. So I've been doing this, like with my personal there's everything in my life.

[817:29] Adele Best: So I think that's been the I think that's been the problem for me is that I haven't been able to identify the underlying reasons why. So I think that's seven

[819:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: might not need to. That's the thing

[820:46] Adele Best: I have. I have a vague idea. I do know what some of it is. And I actually think that I've resolved a lot of it. A lot of it was shame and this perceived judgment from like, the Christian ministry community, because I'm going to be posting stuff that's not for them, and they're going to be looking at it going, Why is she posting this? Like, but I can't let that hold me back. Like, that's ridiculous. You know,

[827:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: here's, here's what I've here's what I've learned. Is that a lot of the like, mental health and therapy world talks a lot about, like, finding out the reason why we're acting a certain way. And again, I I'm all all into that, and I think it's amazing. But then sometimes it can kind of keep us in a loop, of we're stuck, of like, the reason why, and then we just keep her playing that. And so that's what I started. That's what this is a little different where it's like, you find that like, okay, my wife said something. I'm now getting really emotional about that. She said this. I don't necessarily need to figure out why that emotion happens. I just need to figure out and say, okay, you know what? It's okay that she said that, and normalize like, this is part of like, my marriage is, like, she says stuff that a Okay, of course, like, it's going to trigger me in a certain way, but like, what if I wasn't triggered and I just listened, and I didn't make it about me and that it's and that it's okay if it's like that I don't need her to not give me feedback my perfection. That's what it was. My perfectionism was causing me to feel terrible anytime my wife had to give me feedback about something.

[847:53] Speaker 0: Yeah, so I think it was like

[848:54] Adele Best: that extra pressure that

[849:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, my identity was found in her, never having to give me feedback, yeah.

[851:13] Adele Best: And I think for me, because I because I so badly want to be out of my day job. For me, I've been putting all this pressure on myself that, you know, I have to be so, like, when I launched something like, it has to be successful. It has to be successful. Whereas that's just the wrong mindset. That's just unrealistic. It's much more realistic. Like, what you what you said about lowering the expectation is actually so clever, because we just take the pressure off ourselves and just be like, You know what? I'm just going to do this YouTube, because I really like talking about this,

[859:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: like the big expectations and you of the outcome, and you like, you just really focus on the process of your actions, yes, but then you also lower the baseline of your emotions, if, like, you don't get so highlighted when things go great and you don't get so devastated When they go terrible. You just kind of like, normalize both of them. So like, of course, that's what it's like, normalizing the high part is, like, Oh yeah, it's normal for me to make a million dollars a year. Like, that's yeah. Like, of course they would Yeah. And you focus, and you make it focused on actual experiences that you've had. So like, it's not normal for me to make a billion dollars, because, like, I'm not even, like, right? But like, making a million dollars, and you're like, that's normal. So, like, I'm going to lower my like, that's my baseline, right there. My my baseline, like, I got stuck in looking at, I would do these calculations of, okay, here's my average over the last like, 12 months. And I'm like, Oh, great. Now my baseline is like, not at a million dollars right here. And I'm like, Okay, how do I get back up to there when it's like, wait a sec. No, my baseline expectation is, of course, I'm going to make a million dollars

[877:39] Adele Best: this year. Yeah, yeah. In my expectation, it's like, I'm a successful coach, and I'm already, like, on my way to making seven figures. But it's all in my head. I haven't actually, like done it yet, but it means that when I go into my day job, I'm like, I've so mentally checked.

[881:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm really great at taking action on things.

[882:33] Adele Best: Jeremiah, I have not been applying myself as like I, as I, as I know I could. I mean, I have been held back by various mindsets, and I have been working through a lot of stuff, but I really feel ready now to actually throw myself 100% like there was a lady I was following on YouTube over the summer. She just started a YouTube just set up a camera on her porch and started talking about narcissism. She actually made one video about being a widow, and it completely went viral. She got like 20 24k followers in one night, and she was doing really well. And then I hadn't seen her for ages, and I went looking for a channel like last week, and she she made a video that her entire channel had got hacked. Somebody had hacked and stolen her entire channel, and she said it devastated her so much that she went to bed for a month and couldn't get out of bed. She was so traumatized by it, yeah? And I was like, wow, I better, like, learn the lesson two factor identification, or whatever, that two factor thing is Yeah and don't

[898:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, totally. Like, there's trauma, there's all of that, like, yeah. Like, we got to, like, work through those things. But then there's also, like, I don't mean this, like, to minimize her situation. But, like, it's like, okay, people get hacked. Like,

[902:05] Adele Best: exactly so, so applying this shouldn't have taken her a month to, like, I know, so badly like, so she just had to restart again. Like, starting

[905:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: through that, of course, yeah, but that's this whole idea of like, stable confidence is like, she could have just launched a new page the next day and started making videos on that so she got a new exactly, seen people who've gotten hacked, they literally launch a new page say, Hey, I got hacked. I'm trying to get it back, but I'm over here for now. And they just kind of like, do that for a little while so they don't

[911:12] Adele Best: lose momentum. Yeah, it's very powerful. So it's not, it's not the things that happen to us, it's how we that's how we react to them and how we manage our

[913:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: reactions. Okay, I might lose a $10,000 on this ad campaign,

[914:49] Adele Best: yeah, and so I could say to myself, Well, okay, I might have pissed about for three years in Jeremiah's class and not really taken much action. Okay, let's just start tomorrow instead of beating myself up, you know? Yeah, yeah. So that's my reflection. Very powerful training, and

[919:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: a big part of it, that's why I'm saying, like, stock market trading has taught me a lot, because it's like, Okay, I'm gonna get in the stock at $120 and I think it's gonna go up to 140 and then the next morning it goes down to like $90 and I have like $40,000 in it. Now I'm down like 10 grand and 15 grand in the morning, and then the next, like week, it goes up to 160 and you make a profit.

[924:53] Adele Best: Is that not really tough on your your dopamine centers of your

[925:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: brand? So you retrain that part of your brain, yeah? That's the only way you can trade stocks. Is like you retrain that part of your brain, yeah?

[928:23] Adele Best: And just to trade stocks, do you need to have money to get started? Or can you start

[929:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: with zero? Um, you would know you need some money. You need it, like, to even to really do anything. You need at least, like, two grand, two grand, two grand, to really, like do, yeah, for sure.

[932:24] Adele Best: And then, then the need to get into your mom's stock class. How much is that

[933:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: class? Is 197 Oh, class is 197 a month. Okay, yeah, but the like for what I'm doing, like I my portfolio right now is about 70,000 and I can my best month, I brought in like, another 40,000 off of that. So I made almost 50, more than 50% in a month. Really good. But then, like, you know, another month I might be down like 15,000 or I might be down like 10,000

[940:55] Adele Best: how many hours a week?

[941:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: I only do it just in the morning, right? So just like the first, like two hours of the market open from 830 to 1030

[943:38] Adele Best: Okay, so two hours a day to 10 hours a week. That's quite good money for 10 hours a week.

[945:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, no, it's definitely worth it. And how long do because, sorry, my mom, she's made a couple of million dollars this year off of it.

[947:24] Adele Best: How long do you think it would take for a newbie to learn? Like, how long did it take

[948:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you really focus like, six to 12 months? Yeah, it's taken me probably about five years to get to where I'm at right now, and I'm still not where I want to be. But okay, because I'm accessing some business, it takes time. And you'll, you'll, the biggest thing with trading, you make it, and then you lose it. You make it, you lose it. And so, like, that's been my cycle, but now I'm making more than I'm like, losing. So I'm like, Okay, it's working, and then you start to minimize your losses, and I'm starting to do that too. So like, wow, yeah, that's the difference. That's the difference because I had made like 30k in 2023, and I had lost it. I made like 10k in like 2020, because,

[959:29] Adele Best: you know, it's biblical to have, you know. Multiple income streams. So once I get some, once I get

[961:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: this all has to do with up here, really, because I know now I have the skill for trading, but it's the mental side that's been the biggest thing.

[963:14] Adele Best: Okay, yeah, that's interesting. So once, once some cash generating on the coaching I'd like to, I'd like to, yeah, I'd like to learn that that's one of the best

[965:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: things you can do, is take your cash flow from your coaching business in the back. Business and invest into learning to invest in the market.

[967:07] Adele Best: Multiply it. Yeah, totally, that's cool. All right,

[968:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: good. I think it's a good thing to do. I'll take shonda's question here. What's up?

[969:12] Shonda Whitworth: Shonda? Hey, Jeremiah, thank you for this training today. I really appreciate it. Yeah, I am. I launched a YouTube channel two weeks ago, and that was to there. I put the link. I got the link there. That's to one. I like you talked about this outcome. I set my goal for the YouTube channel to get better at communication and to work on my presentation and my marketing skills. And so that's my goal with launching the YouTube channel. Is not how many views I get, not how many subscribers I get. And so it's just for me is to work on my messaging and to get better with my messaging. So that's my goal with it, as well as to have content for people that know, like trust factor as well. And then I started doing that. I've also launched the I started doing reels on Instagram and Facebook as well, and to, for the same reason, to get better at communication, and so that's been my goal, and to connect, because I realized I didn't have enough connecting content out there, that whenever I ran ads, there was nothing for anybody to look me up and Where to go and find, yeah,

[992:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, nurturing content and connecting, yeah, nurturing people with that. So that's, that's a big thing, is that's what people can watch in between all of your different things that you have going on, and they can connect with you, and they can see like that, you're legit, and stuff like that. So that's great, right?

[997:09] Shonda Whitworth: So, so that's what I started now, one of the things that you mentioned was that you let go of the schedule. I haven't yet decided a schedule. Do I set a schedule or do I just kind of keep it flexible Monday through Friday? I mean, as far as releasing any day, Monday through Friday, just but not tell people I got a schedule. Don't say, Yeah, miss your

[1004:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: own kind of internal schedule. Monday through Friday,

[1005:15] Shonda Whitworth: you're not saying, do a video. Monday through Friday, you're

[1005:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: just saying, any day, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, right? Like I got,

[1006:59] Shonda Whitworth: I got the outline ready to record. I was hoping to record before this training, but I've got it ready to record after this training. But, yeah, awesome, yeah, it seems like that part of the works. And I'm taking old content and running it through AI and helping it, having it outline for me and do that and create like, 10 Minute outline, 10 minute video outlines. So is 10 minutes a good I think you mentioned 10 minutes. Is that good for I

[1016:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: mean, some of my videos are longer. They're 1415, I'm not really aiming anymore. For a time, I'll go, I'll go at least. But some of my videos are only eight minutes long, so over five minutes, 10 minutes, 1520 doesn't have to be any specific length.

[1021:10] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, I think I was just keeping it that for my recording length, and then I'm just doing really light editing with Canva. And sometimes, if I have a little more time, I'll add, like, if I share a scripture or quote, I'll add that little slide on top of the video. But I'm definitely trimming the beginning and the end of the recording. So doing that, but I don't want to spend a lot of time, since I'm doing it all myself, so I'm just putting up content. So perfect. All right, so, all right, well, I just didn't know how. I guess that falls into the no light trust, making it relate the nurture aspect of

[1034:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: building the business, and send it to your email list with the videos?

[1035:07] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, I've been doing that as well, yeah, and so because, I guess sometimes, I guess the mindset that goes around that is, am I wasting time doing this nurturing content? I guess that's the mindset I'm battle is, oh. I'm not making offers, because right now I'm not doing any hard sells or offers in the content. Well,

[1041:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's all you're doing. Then it might be but you want to, you could redirect people to look in the link of your bio. So that's why having, like, well, at least one evergreen offer is good. So you can direct people to a link in your bio, and so you always have something in there, okay, but yes, no, having content that people can watch to engage with you is a good thing to have. Okay, all right, that's

[1050:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: an interesting thing. Is like, am I wasting time? Of

[1053:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: course, we don't want to waste time, but no nurturing, like creating YouTube videos is not going to be a waste of time. That's a that's an important part of your process. I think,

[1055:22] Shonda Whitworth: all right, well, the first week I started it, I mean, it's felt like it consumed my whole day. Now it's getting to where it's

[1057:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: definitely consumed they might be

[1058:48] Shonda Whitworth: I'm getting faster or I'm getting faster now,

[1059:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I I'm at the point where my videos, I don't invest any time really. At the beginning of them, I just press record, and that's the amount of time I invest into it. So it's if I have an idea for a video, I'll maybe come up with some ideas with AI. But then I press record, and then whatever that is, is what goes up. I don't not trying to make it perfect. I'm not trying to control the outcome I'm more trying to get to where I can press record and the videos are ready to go and getting better at that process. And that happens just by doing it more.

[1071:33] Shonda Whitworth: So just the more I do it, the faster it's going to get. And that's what I thought.

[1072:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: What slows you down so much, developing

[1073:59] Shonda Whitworth: the outline. And what I'm going to say in the same with the reels,

[1074:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: what if you didn't have an outline, you just had, like, one, two bullet point, just a topic, that's it. And just talked.

[1078:00] Shonda Whitworth: Because then I know myself, I tend to ramble, okay, and I don't they. Well,

[1080:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: just depends on, like, give yourself a time limit on making the outline. Then, okay, like, you know, no more than 15 minutes to make your outline. Okay? So figure out, like, what that is, and AI is really good at, kind of, like, you just kind of dictate into the AI what you want, and the AI can kind of make your outline for you, yeah, I'm using, I'm using AI for that, yeah, and then you just have that on, on screen, on a piece of paper. But then,

[1088:54] Shonda Whitworth: then I don't know if I'm getting into perfectionism, because I keep refining it and refining it and refining it like, like I started. So let's say this session started at one o'clock. I started at 1130 saying, I want to record a 10 minute video before the one o'clock. And then I was refining it with AI, refining the outline with AI. I went and grabbed a bite to eat, which I just

[1096:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: heated. What are you refining? Specifically, the the the

[1098:21] Shonda Whitworth: hook and the call to action, and then the delivery the middle part, and then the call to action. So I'm making sure those elements are the story that chat GDP came in. Like, I don't want to use that one. I want to use this one or whatever, because I had loaded transcript from a previous recording I've done from, like a master class or intensive or something. But then I'll say, No, I don't want to use that example. I want to use this one or, then I don't want to use this scripture. I want to use that one or or whatever. And so then it pulls but I guess I'm feeding it to, I guess I'm feeding AI too much to pull from, yeah, maybe, maybe if I gave it less and just a portion of the transcript or a portion of the notes, yeah, then maybe that will help cut down on the time.

[1114:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you can kind of tell it. I only want to talk about this specific topic, you can tell it, okay, you're going all over the place. You can tell the AI, kind of, how to bring it in to just a specific area, okay? But yeah, I think you can definitely get caught up in, like, trying to make that perfect, because then it's this idea. Like, if that's perfect, then I'm going to get the outcome that I want. And we go back to trying to control the outcome more.

[1121:15] Shonda Whitworth: Yeah, I think that's where I'm at. I'm still rather than, rather

[1122:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: than, like, the more that we put it out there, the better you're going to get at just kind of knowing what flows better and what feels better. Because the other thing that I look for is I like to kind of not map it out so much that I I can't just flow like today. I had an outline that I had aI help me create for today's training, but I just flowed through the training because those were more just like reminders to me of what I wanted to talk about, versus I have to stick to this idea so I like I'll create an outline simply as just an internal reminder. And then what I try to do is I actually try to the the rambling that you talk about might actually not be a negative if you have something that reminds you of what to stay on track with, because then you can kind of ramble and kind of get into your authentic sort of flow, and then you just have the outline as a reminder of like, okay, here's what, here's the path we want to stay on. And that actually might come across more natural to people.

[1140:19] Speaker 0: Okay, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah,

[1141:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: all right, so that's where sometimes, like you're trying to avoid rambling, and there actually might be a little bit of that, that actually might be a positive for you in your videos,

[1144:40] Shonda Whitworth: okay, because then that will be the authenticity part, where they feel that

[1145:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: authenticity, yeah, whereas you're kind of squashing some of that authenticity by not wanting to ramble. Type of it

[1147:20] Shonda Whitworth: okay to come to be too polished, kind of feeling? Yeah, right, yeah.

[1148:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're trying to, yeah, trying to be too perfect. And then people can sense that, and they're like, something's off about her. I don't know what it is, but it doesn't feel right. Okay? You're like, Oh, but I did everything perfect, but they don't think I'm doing it right, and it's like, no, actually, the more authentic version is probably what would feel better for everybody on your video.

[1155:37] Shonda Whitworth: Okay, so as I record this next one, then if just let myself, if I start rambling, just go ahead and let it happen, instead of raining. And then

[1159:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: kind of remember, like what you're like you start to ramble, notice what your next point is, so you can kind of connect that ramble to your next point, like they flow together. Okay, that's what I like to do, because I can, I can ramble off to Pluto, but I'll start here on planet Earth, and then I'll be all the way off in another galaxy in two seconds. Okay?

[1166:11] Shonda Whitworth: And I mean, I try to avoid the rambling. You know, I've seen some coaches out there, or youtubers that do coaching like that. Oh, that's dog barking. I hope y'all don't hear that kind of I don't know, do you like even do that kind of stuff? I avoid that stuff because I noticed that people don't really hear the dog barking on the mic anyway, usually they can't, no, and I just let the dogs bark and I just ignore the dog barking. I don't just say that in the video. I'll just ignore them and go on with the recording. Or before I record, I'll put them outside and then let them back in when I'm done. Kind of Yeah, but

[1177:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can't go put the kids

[1177:58] Shonda Whitworth: outside, though. So no, no, no, not the kids. Not not the kids. They're not old enough for outside play without supervision yet.

[1179:51] Speaker 1: Nope, no, no, no, not yet.

[1180:54] Shonda Whitworth: They'll come a day when they'll be old enough. Kyra

[1181:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: started climbing the swing set, and he decided the way he wanted to get off was just to let go, like Dude, he's luckily okay, but he got banged up a little bit, and that's like, I literally, like, I was like, right next to I just watched him, like, boot like,

[1186:52] Shonda Whitworth: is that what sent him to the ER that you took him to? No,

[1187:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: no. That did not. That did not. All right. Oh yeah, no. Actually, he rolled off of a footstool in our living room onto a toy, and it was not even a sharp edge of a toy, but it got him just the right spot in the back of his neck that it cut like an inch and a half, and he was bleeding.

[1192:32] Shonda Whitworth: So yeah, and it's a head wound. Head wounds bleed. Yeah, more, but yeah, yeah, boy I'm a boy mom. So yeah, they're grown, but Yeah, boy mom, yeah, bringing back memories.

[1195:30] Speaker 0: But, yeah, yeah, it happens. So it does, but that's exactly

[1196:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I'm talking about. Like, you sort of get to a point where, like, okay, you don't want this to happen, but you kind of got to just normalize the fact like it's gonna happen.

[1199:25] Shonda Whitworth: It's okay. Yeah. And, and I don't know they're fighting with each other yet, but you, you, you got brothers, right, did y'all boy?

[1202:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I was not that age, so I would get, I'd get my butt beat if I fought my brothers, because I was, like, seven years older than them. Okay, so,

[1204:45] Shonda Whitworth: but that was one of the things I had to learn, is, hey, that's how boys work things out.

[1205:49] Speaker 1: Yes, the younger, the younger one, they duke it out. They did. That's what they did. And I like, I got it right now,

[1207:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: right now. Halston tries to but Kyron is not old enough to know how to back.

[1209:01] Shonda Whitworth: So you gotta squelch that. Yeah, you gotta put a stop to that. I'd say,

[1210:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: once they're ready to tussle it out. We'll let them to a degree, but yeah, yeah, that's

[1212:08] Shonda Whitworth: a boy thing. Something I had to learn is, all right, boys like to rough and tough it up. Oh, yeah, all right. Well, thank you. I appreciate it.

[1214:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. What's up? Tiffany?

[1214:57] Tiffany Quinones: Hey, good morning afternoon. Can you please touch on when you got to the part about staying focused on the outcomes instead of the process? If I if I heard that correctly, can you touch on what you were meaning by that? Because I was following, but then I just wanted to hear a little bit more on that. I think towards the end, you were saying something about staying focused on the outcomes versus the process. Can kind of keep us stuck in a loop or something cycle. I just that's what I caught.

[1225:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, if we stay, if we stay focused on the outcome so much we're afraid to put something out there, because we're trying to control how things happen.

[1229:01] Speaker 0: Oh,

[1229:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, the outcome is not fully controllable. What's controllable is the process. But then we can also get to where we're like, as as Shonda was saying, we can keep refining, refining, refining, and now still trying to control the outcome, because we just like spending so much time trying to make sure that everything's right and everything's going to work out.

[1235:01] Speaker 0: Yeah, it's just this. It's this

[1236:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: that that control is never going to produce what we're looking for. True, it's much better to let go of the outcome, focus on what you can control, which is the process, and learn that like you know, if you only, if you don't put anything out there, that's never going to produce anything either. So what is also controllable is your ability to put something out there or not put something out there, ah. And so you gotta then choose, okay, I'm gonna put this out there, even if it's only halfway done, even if I Not, not necessarily halfway done, like even if I know I could refine it better and make it better. I just got to do it and put it out there and take action.

[1249:57] Tiffany Quinones: Aha, okay, because as you were talking, I could see examples of that, and that's why, when Adele was talking, I talked about spaghetti pots. Because when I first started, I remember how it was, I would just put stuff out there, and I would just keep putting stuff out there regardless if it worked. And of course, people would come on. But I was, I also had a breakthrough, because your message today tied us in. It was really good. So thank you for sharing that today. I could tell your energy at the very beginning too. I'm like, yes, it's going to be wonderful. It's timely too. So thank you. But I got to thinking over the weekend, I had another breakthrough, because I'm ready to start ads again, but this time, I was even talking to one of my friends about it, and I said, you know, I'm ready to do ads, but I have been seeing how you do your ads and how your mom does your mom does your ads. And I was just using it as an example, and I said, Well, I have videos that have caption, and I can just try each one, and it's more like a test, which is, you know, like I said, spaghetti pots, more like a test, just to see what people are gravitating towards and everything else. And so that's what I'm going to do and not be so attached to, oh my gosh, it didn't work. I'm going to throw myself off of a cliff, right? So we don't want to throw ourselves off of cliffs, but it, it will work, yeah, and there's no like, there's no like, set like, perfect way of doing things, either, and that can definitely stop us and rob us. But yeah, the constant refinement too, also, yeah, I've seen that in my own life, but now I'm starting to see things pivot and gain traction where I never thought it. Would either and just by trying different things as well. So thank you. I appreciate it.

[1281:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's great. All right, let's see anyone else? Any other questions here before we wrap up, anything else we want to talk about? Let me know.

[1287:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alrighty. Y'all, well, we have our VIP call tomorrow at 4pm and our live Q and A next week, I'll be in the Facebook group. You can find the recordings and trainings the members area. You can go talk to the the AI that I created and trained in my content, and we keep loading all the new trainings into the AI, so after about a week, it'll have all the new stuff in there. So all right, y'all I'll see you. Thank you.

