Lesson 5 - Ai Content Creation Course
Date: 2025-09-29T16:43:32.000Z
Duration: 12 min
Otter ID: gb8sZ1iAWkPb8rRgHJnW7gdXaLk
---

[0:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, so lastly, one of the things that I want to talk about here is the thought behind making AI content and kind of addressing where you might be coming from when it comes to making AI content, hesitations, and what my perspective on this is to really encourage you. There's a lot of opinions right now about using AI to create content. Does it devalue you? Does it remove the human touch to things? And I'll tell you, yes, there can be an aspect of that if you do it wrong, what's the wrong way of doing it? Well, you have the AI come up with all the ideas you have. Ai just create the content blindly. But what I look for it is, is I look at AI as a partner that I can work with together to be able to create content, to be able to take my ideas and to amplify them better. What I do is I look at time, and that's really the what the value of AI is, we have a finite amount of time. If we look at the timeline of how much time we have every week, every month and even every day, and with that finite amount of time, we need to best utilize that time to our advantage. And so artificial intelligence does what a va, a virtual assistant, was able to do for years. And by the way, one of my favorite ways of using AI is I actually how I personally, I have a VA that I've hired from the Philippines who works for five to 10 hours a week, and she has a series of AI prompts that she will manually take my content and stuff that I do and then filter it into all this different AI to then output different forms of content, such as taking my podcast episodes and turn them into blog posts, such as taking my courses and turning them into blog posts, such as taking my YouTube videos and turning them into content for Instagram reels and vice versa. And so what we run into is we, we have this place where, for so long, the idea of writing, making, content, creating, was seen as just a human only activity that we do as people, and it's an expression of ourselves, and that expression still exists. But when it comes to your business, when it comes to marketing, your coaching business, your consulting business, your service business, taking the amount of a big chunk of the finite time that you have every week, every month, every day, to actually do that stuff, to market your business, is a very unwise use of your time. And I don't mean to attack anybody by saying that, but there is, there is going to be very little advantage to you as a business owner to doing it all on your own without the assistance of artificial intelligence. And so if you're still in the boat of I don't want to use AI or some stupid robot to tell me what to do, to tell me, tell me what to come up with. All this awesome thinking and thoughts I've heard people say over the years, you're missing what AI really is it's a time creator and a time saver. The same way that you would hire a staff member or an employee to save you time to do stuff, they're not going to be able to do it as good as you. No employee that you hire necessarily is going to be as good as you, especially when it comes to this type of business model that we have, they can be pretty good, and you can and by the way, once you like, increase how much you're going to pay people, if you're hiring people at six or seven figure salaries, okay, some of them might be better than you at certain things, but you but you probably don't have that budget. Now, if you do great do that, knock yourself out and then encourage those people to use artificial intelligence to augment and amplify their ability to work. That is what the workplace has become. Maybe you might be fighting against, well, I don't want AI to take people's jobs. So I don't want to, you know, like these crew. Aids that I see people go on against using artificial intelligence to not save time, to not amplify their message, to not reach more people are really missing the boat overall. As far as the advantages that we have today as business owners by using artificial intelligence to help us, to assist us. And so see it as an assistant. What I'll do is I will have the AI generate certain things, and I will work on, okay, how do I craft this? So it looks a little bit better, taking the extra time to dive into maybe some of the art of making the AI look better, some of the stuff I've shown you in this in this course, it was a surface level because of the limited time that we have in this training. But if you took actually some of your time to really dial in some of those artificial intelligence strategies, now you're looking at different quality of output as well different things that you can dial in and adjust. Okay, so that's what I wanted to share with you. And the name of the game is really, how can I shorten the amount of time that it takes for me to get my message out to people? How can I reach my message to multiple platforms and different modalities with less work and effort, how can I take my message and amplify it to more people faster and so then, by doing this, you can then focus on truly, what are your zone of genius? And what are profit producing activities that you can do in your business? And so those are two things that I look at, what what is your zone of genius? Well, for me, it is definitely a lot of it is coming up with ideas, coming up with the overall concepts. And then sometimes I use AI for that, sometimes I don't, often times I've trained my intuition to help me be able to do stuff. By the way, that's another way to use AI to help with your content creation. Is, it's really great to teach you stuff. It's, it's, it's really great to teach you certain concepts. You know, how can I regulate my emotions in a certain instance or a certain situation? Where does that come from? One of the things that I like to do is I like to read books or listen to podcasts and then use a tool like notebook. LM, this one's a really cool tool, notebook. Lm, I'm going to show you this one. It's let's, let's load this up right here. Notebook. Lm is right here. And what you can do is you can create a notebook and then load in different sources. Let me see this one has 22 sources, lots of YouTube videos that I loaded up into it. Okay? And then what you can do is you can create what's called an audio overview. I actually created an audio overview right here, Hey,

[135:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: there. So you've been diving deep into this whole power of manifestation, you see. So the idea is that this can create audio overviews based on multiple pieces of content. You can paste content in articles, YouTube videos, transcripts, and then it will augment it into one solid, 1318, minute training that then you can download. This was just an example I was showing somebody on a topic that they were really into on how to do this, okay? And so the idea is, is that it can teach you certain things based on real world sources. There's, there's ways to find even like transcripts of books and things like that. You know, there's a, there's a site out there. I think you can, you can load in like PDFs or Kindle books and things like that into a tool like notebook 11, and be able to have it pull those as sources as well. All of this is gives you the ability to learn more, discover more, learn more than you already know right now, to increase your level of knowledge and understanding about the world around you, about how we operate, about how things work, and so like one of the things I'll do is I will talk with my AI for a couple of days about a top. It read a couple of books. Take concepts from those books. I don't need to paste them in, but I can talk about my interpretation of them with something like chat, GPT or Opus. Load its outputs into notebook LM, and then have it generate me an audio overview and a training and expand upon those different topics. By the way, this is another thing too. Like, if you're wondering how to express yourself better, you're wondering how to express yourself in a video training. You're wondering how to explain certain topics. You can use a tool like notebook, LM to help you explain topics that way, or even just straight up, use chat GPT to help you say, I'm trying to explain XYZ topic to somebody. Here's the background information, and it will help you know how to do that. There's so many possibilities when it comes to using artificial intelligence to make your content better, to make your connection better, to make your communication better by shortening the length of time and how much time that it takes you to be able to do that, you will be far more successful. I would encourage you to not stubbornly resist it simply because it's different or weird or you have some sort of vendetta against AI of some kind, you probably wouldn't be watching this training. And then I would encourage you as well encourage others in the in the same way, you're going to be able to accomplish far more and be far more fulfilled in your work by doing this. Alright, so that's my closing lesson in this course. The we have a number of different courses as well on using AI to create sales copy in our wealthy coach Academy program, using AI to help us with our marketing and different tools like that, creating ebooks, things like that. This is an overview of doing it for content creation type purposes, and it can really help you as well take things to the next level. We'll talk soon. Everybody have a good one. Bye.

