Lesson 1 - AI Content Creation Made Easy
Date: 2025-09-01T06:33:49.000Z
Duration: 28 min
Otter ID: MexcVEZjzhCP60gjZJ_1i6KLLNU
---

[0:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So artificial intelligence is here to stay, and in this course, I'm excited to show you exactly how you can use artificial intelligence to create videos, graphics and content in your business. As a coach and mentor, can I tell you this, the idea of I have to be the one that has to make content a camera has to make it. All these ideas, they're outdated. They really are because in your business, the reason behind content creation, and this includes advertising, this includes your courses, this includes ebooks, this includes all of that. Now not necessarily we're going to just talk about ebooks and courses and courses and things like that, but we're going to talk about the wide range of creating the different forms of media using artificial intelligence and how to do so. And the reason why we want to do that is because you manually doing all the work. Isn't practical unless you are making over $10 million a year. It's not practical when you can go out there and you can compete with companies like Alex for Mozi or other companies that are out there by using artificial intelligence to create content. Now my courses, I record them. I talk in my courses to create content, but I still use AI even to help me when it comes to coming up with ideas for what to say and ideas for my content all the time. I've been doing this for over five years, and the old way of doing it just does not make sense. This has leveled the playing field, and I'll tell you, all of your competitors are doing this. If you're not doing this, you're missing out. And so you need to realize that there's no benefit to saying I don't use artificial intelligence, that this is, again, you might disagree with me on that, but I'll tell you, the benefits come massively from you choosing to say, okay, you know what? We're going to use AI as a tool to help us get our message out. And that's the key. You want to be the person that is the CEO. We talked about this in our CEO mindset mastery course, which is in the Start Here section that utilizes, what tools can I utilize to reach the most people, the fastest with my message without having to work harder by working smarter and AI is the number one way of working smarter in today's market, and so I want to show you the best ways to do this again. Maybe the only version of AI that you've used is chat GPT, and that's okay, chat GBT is great, but there's other tools that are out there for creating content using AI. However, I usually start most of my idea creation with chat GPT. So for instance, let's say I want to create a graphic to help people realize that AI is a tool for Working Smarter in their business. I want it to be a cartoon, and use a cartoon version of myself, okay? And so then what I might do is I might go and find some photos of myself. We go over here to our Google Photos, I can find pictures of me right here. Let's see me. This might not pull up anything. That's okay. So I could pull up. I could even just take a screenshot of me right here. Do this and let me see. We'll find some. Again. Here's a couple pictures of me. What I'm doing is, is I'm just using this as like a foundation of who I am and what I look like, that the AI can then use by just taking these screenshots. Okay, so I'm pressing I have a tool on my computer called Light shot. Light shot is very cool. It's a screenshot tool for Mac and Windows. It's the fastest way to create customizable screenshots. And by the way, when it comes to using AI to create content, the ability to create screenshots on the fly, quickly, like what I just did, is really valuable. So all it is is I have a keystroke on my computer that then I can select an area on my screen that I want to use as a screenshot. Is what it is, okay? So then what I'll do is I'm going to go in, go ahead and I'm going to actually take add photos and files. We're going to go, where are the screenshots that we took? Okay, they're right here. So we got four of them. So now the AI knows what I look like in this prompt. Now here's one thing, when it comes to AI content creation, with chat, GPT and with a lot of the AI content creation apps, they don't have good memory. They don't remember what you asked them to do in the previous prompt. They don't remember what you've asked them to do before. Now we'll show you how when you're using maybe digital twins and things like that, where you can get a seed prompt, or something like that, that does remember what you look like, and that is something that that is possible, but not necessarily with chat GBT, not necessarily with most of the more simple just point and click prompting app. So understand that is that oftentimes you're going to have to give it the same photos again and again to remind it to do those things, and that might be annoying, that you have to remind it what you look like, or things like that. Here's another photo of me. We'll throw that in there, but that's just part of it. So right here, I want to create a graphic to help people realize that AI is a tool for Working Smarter in their business. I want it to be a cartoon and use a cartoon version of myself. Now, automatically, I'm thinking that this might not be the best way to prompt this, because I'm not giving it any details. And so what I actually want to do is actually want to stop this prompt, and we're going to start over, and we're going to say this because this is how most of us would prompt it right here. But what we're going to do is we're actually going to say, I want to do this, and this is where I would start brainstorm five ideas for a graphic that is cartoon, like with a cartoon version of myself in them to explain the above. Okay, so I'm going to do is I'm going to ask chat GPT to actually brainstorm the ideas for it. And this is one very key thing when creating graphics and stuff with with AI as you want to start with a well crafted prompt, an idea. Okay, and so what this is doing is is this is going to actually create ideas for us that we could use for our graphic. So let's say I go with graphic number four. This gave us this idea right here. And by the way, if you're creating videos, this can do the same thing like I want to create a scene with five clips, eight seconds long, describe each scene in detail to use for an AI video generator. Okay, and this is one of the things that I will do. So what I'm showing you here is that this is always the first step when creating some kind of media or graphics or images, when it comes to creating content with AI is you have to prompt the AI specifically to come up with an idea to describe what the detailed scene looks like. Otherwise, you're going to just be prompting what it is with one simple prompt, and it's not going to come out necessarily the way that you want it to. Now, even this prompt is not coming out how we want it to, because it's, it's uh oh, it's actually not that bad. It's right here, primary prompt, cartoon version of me. So here's, here's one of the issues. Right here, same version of me. It's describing stuff as like, same, same AI video generation. Stuff are not going to have memory. So what you might need to do is you might need to take the original primary prompt and borrow pieces from it. Okay, we'll go into that a little bit later when we describe videos. But I just want to take this one right here about graphics. Okay, let's actually do AI tool belt CEO edition. And then what we're going to do is we're going to go in and we're going to say, Okay, I want to create an AI graphic,

[157:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then we're going to we're going to describe it from our ideas that we just got. So we're going to use, I. Idea number one, right here. We're

[162:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to paste that description then again. I know the photos are up here, but it's not going to remember those, so we have to add them again right there. And then what we can do is we can wait for it to produce that content. Now this is, again, one of the issues when it comes to creating media, graphics, images with AI, is that it doesn't always produce it the way that we want it to. It's not always going to reference it that way, and takes a little bit of time to do it. So there is some trial and error to this, but this is how you can come up with some great ideas. Now, there's a tool that I like that goes beyond this. It's called po.com the reason why I like po.com is it gives you a number of different AI tools. And you can see there's image generation bots right here. These are all different versions of creating images that you can use inside of po All right. Most recent one that came out is Gemini 2.5 flash image, which uses what's called the Nano banana. And so if I can throw in these images of me right here, let's try the same kind of prompt and describe what this looks like and use Geminis to create it by throwing in these images of myself and then seeing what gemini's algorithm does from the same type of description. Gemini's Nano banana does a real great it's really great at taking images and translating them into certain graphics that you can use. And this is just one way, by the way, of using AI that you can do in your business to create some great media for you. Okay, is by prompting it and telling it, okay, I want it to create this type of graphic. Now. Again, here's the issue. It takes a lot of time all of these image generation. AI tools take time to generate the images here, here it comes, right here. Ai tool belt. And then this is what I like about chatgpt, is it does a good job of, again, translating the images that you feed into it into some kind of, say, like a cartoon. So you can already see, there's my baseball cap backwards. It's creating like a cartoon version of myself that I could use for a graphic, for an offer, or for for media or for social media content. So it looks like Gemini is having a little bit of trouble with that. What we could do is we can go check out let me see if Google Gemini, right inside the app, can actually do this directly. Try image editing inside of nano banana. Yeah. So we're going to do that tools, create images with the banana. Let's upload these images right here. We're going to feed those into it, and let's see what this creates with the actual Gemini in Google. Hey, there you go. Ai tool belt, CEO edition. AI is a tool, not a replacement strap in and smart work, smarter, right? Design, analyze, automate. This is so cool. This type of graphic. You make this graphic be 1000 by 1000 let's see if it can just translate that, but that literally looks like an AI version of me, which is like a cartoon version of me. Alright, let's see what Gemini created. Here we go. AI is a tool, not a replacement. Strap in and it works smarter same kind of concept. So what we did was like a whole concept like this. We came up with by feeding it images of me describing it. And by the way, these are like two different versions. One of them sort of looks like it looks a lot more like the photos I actually gave it. This one is like a super I'll actually kind of like the graphic behind it. It looks really cool. And those are just two examples of two really great tools, Gemini, 2.5 flat. Dash or using chat GPT that you can use to create graphics, but you can also create images. Can you make this a photorealistic image instead of cartoon? Let's see a nano banana is very quick at doing things. This new nano banana by Google. The resolution's a little bit lower than say, chat, GPT, but it's pretty cool. Here's a photorealistic version. AI is a tool, not a replacement. Okay, that actually looks like me, right there, pretty close. The text is a little off down there, but that's awesome. All right, let's take, let's again, play with Nano banana a little bit, because this is, this is a new tool that's out. Can you put me into a scene at the White House outside of it in the USA. I'm just curious what this does, if it puts me in a scene outside of the White House, the Capitol building in the United States. Yeah, so I had a little bit of trouble. Reese, resizing the image like I was wanting. But all right, let's see what this does. Here you are, in front of the White House. Look at that. That's so funny. It literally took all four of those images, created a composite, put me in front of the White House, right there. And so again, quality is not the best right there, but that's a tool from Google. It actually took my exact shirt, even the design of it. It looks almost exactly the same, which is pretty, pretty crazy its ability to do that. So like those are just two different tools that you could use to do that. Now watch this describe a photo that is professional of me standing in front of the White House in the USA. Okay, so if I go ahead into chat, GPT, this is just why I want to show you, like, the idea and concept of prompting it to do that, because I just gave it this, like, Okay, put me in front of the White House like, there's not much info there. But if I go ahead and I tell it to create me a prompt that is

[286:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: much more like a professional prompt right here. And again, I don't know if I need to necessarily upload my same photos, but let's just see with a much more detailed prompt from chat GPT that goes beyond just like put me in front of the White House. What this does? Okay, this can be this actually would be pretty, pretty interesting. How this takes this. I would give multiple brand tone options, but let's see. And just for simple prototyping and ideas and stuff like this, and even like graphics for your website. This is a great tool.

[301:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, look at that. It put me in a blazer. My hair done, but it looks just like me. It really does. It looks exactly it looks exactly like me, like the face is spot on. So that's really, really cool is the ability to do stuff like that, that you can do inside of Gemini right here, to be able to get results like that. Okay, yeah, po kind of failed. So po gives you those different kind of image content creation tools and stuff like that. But you can just see from Gemini and chat GPT creating graphics describing a scene, you can use it for stock images. What's a stock image? Well, if you have a like a landing page, let's say that I have a landing page like this offer right here, and I go in and I want to describe, you know, describe a photo of someone who. Who would be struggling, who would need this webinar. You can paste your landing page copy in, tell it okay. And this is, by the way, one of my most common things that I'll do. I'll usually have it generate me a photo of somebody who's struggling and then somebody who is successful, and having it describe, like a stock photo of that person, some photo concepts, and so it's going to describe and create different photo concepts that we could use for these images, which is really, really cool. I'm

[333:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's use this one.

[335:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Use create image. Then I'm going to go in and I'm gonna say, create this as a photo. Now you'll notice there's definitely gonna be a kind of a difference in quality between these two. This would be the last thing that kind of show in this lesson. But this just gives you kind of a bird's eye view as far as creating content, creating scenes and stuff like that. And then you could take it into other apps like Higgs field, AI Higgs field, AI is one where you can create these really crazy generations like videos and photos and things like that, that You can use that look like real, actual people. And they have a lot of different ways to prompt us to do this. Okay? You could use this with Google's vo three video creation app right here, VO three is from Google three. It's in Gemini, but it's it's video generation with Google, you prompt it, you throw an image in, you can literally generate a full quality video that's made with Gemini from a single image by prompting at what you want that image to look like, which is really incredible. Okay? And so what I like to do is I like to start with using chat GPT to help us put together those ideas. There we go. Here's a Here's a graphic right here. Go Live. DM more. Wino sales, that's great. This is so again, I'm really liking, like, what's coming out of this banana tool right here? And then you could literally say, rotate the camera and show her from the front angle. This is something cool with the banana one on Google, is that you can actually tell it like, Well, okay, you can modify and rotate the camera and have it regenerate from a different camera rotation. It's also a lot faster than chat GPT do. Yeah. So whether you're using Here you go. It's a front angle for taking images. Ominous. If you're using this one, a lot of our clients are starting to use fal.ai which will show you how to use this as well, that you can use to create different graphics. This is a more advanced tool, but it's one of the one of the best that's out there for creating consistent videos, images and graphics for you, this is from chat GPT. So you can use chatgpt. You can use nano banana. You can use the image generation tools that are in Po. You can use FAL but what I like to do is always start it with a prompt of what the scene looks like by feeding some information into chatgpt, such as my landing page, my copy, my offer the idea, and then having it brainstorm ideas for me of what the image looks like, copying and pasting one of those image ideas and then telling it, you gotta tell it, create this as a photo. Or you go into Gemini and you tell it like this one, this one's probably better, but so that's the start of using AI to create media, to create graphics, to create content, even you can use it to create descriptions for content. We could take this image right here and we could say, okay, generate me five captions for an instant. Grand post to go with this image that relates to the above offer. And now you can literally go ahead and you can create captions for posts which chat GPT five use the thinking model at the time of this recording. This is the this is one of the better AIS to use chat, GPT five. Use the thinking model, but what you can do is you can generate different captions. Go Live DM or Wino sales. Stop guessing, start scaling inside my free course, these are more like ads. Can you make these more like engaging, organic posts, not like ads? Okay? And this is where chat GPT thrives, is the ability to correct it, to tell it to come up with different ideas. So this is what I do, is I use kind of chat GPT to kind of be the brain. That's the idea creation. And then I might use another tool, like nano banana, or which, again, we call it nano banana. It's, it's technically, it's where it gets confusing. It's technically 2.5 flash instead of Gemini. I guess you can use 2.5 Pro. But create images as a tool. You click on Tools create images. It has a little banana on it. That's how you notice Banana. Banana. I used to think the answer was DM, more than I did the math. Polite back and forth cost me money. Peace over panic. What's one thing that you're ready to stop doing? Real talk. I almost didn't film today. Imposter. Voice, who are you to teach this? I open my notebook. Clarity beats confidence. Outline, the promise. Messy, recorded. Messy. Posted, anyways, creators, what do you do with doubts? Like, that's really good, that's a good kind of type of post right there? And those are some ideas that you can use to just go from a simple idea whatever, to play around with, to create, to start to create content with AI, to get your message out there, to do that type of thing. Okay, now we're going to dive deeper into this. This is just like a quick kind of like crash course on some of the ways that anybody right away can start to do this. We're going to go into the some of the more nuanced ways of like video generation and creating, cloning yourself, beyond just what nano banana does, but even for higher resolution, higher quality type of things like that. And so I'll see you in the next lessons about how to do that talk soon.

