Special Training WCA August 11
Date: 2025-08-11T14:04:33.000Z
Duration: 38 min
Otter ID: _JlcRuxYFdkU1DWAj9h2yw2H5WM
---

[0:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright. Well, welcome to our live training here on August 11 as part of the wealthy coach Academy program again. Thank you for those that are here, thank you to our new members. This format this week is a little bit different than how we normally do it. Normally, we're live on Zoom, where I'm meeting with our group every single week, going through answering your questions live. What we're going to do is we're going to make a post in the group this week where I'm going to answer your questions. You can post the questions, and then I'm going to make a recording on Thursday. That'll be the deadline when you can actually post the questions to answer those and so then we'll continue our normal Q and A next week, and the normal format that we do, I'm gonna be in the at this time right now. I'm in the Caribbean on a Disney cruise, and so the Zoom is not good enough, the internet connection is not good enough to do a live zoom calls. That's why we're doing this format right here. What I want to talk about today is paid workshops. Paid workshops are, I think, hugely valuable in your business as a tool to use. They're not a replacement, however, for the free lead magnet. So like, I want to talk about that as well. The difference between a paid workshop and a free lead magnet, here's how I kind of see things in our business. Is the free lead magnet is that's what connects people. That's what gets people on our email list. That's what connects them to us. And we want to lead people over here to our coaching program again. You know, price this between 97 to $197 a month. Depending on what you're doing, 1000 to $2,000 a year, and you'll get people that sign up for this right here. But what a paid a paid offer does in the middle of this, this is a low cost paid offer that you might charge anywhere from seven to $27 for. That's really the, the best price point even I've I've even seen some that I've done $4.95 I think that's also a great price point too. Okay, so the idea is, this is the low ticket entry level offer that builds trust with people. And again, it's not a replacement for the free lead magnet. If you are starting in your business, if you are starting out and you are building a group coaching program, you're trying to get more clients, you're trying to get more leads, you're trying to connect with people. The free lead magnet is how you connect with people, very well. The paid offer is when you have a little bit of trust built with people, and you've proven your offer to do really well, because I've seen people go out the gate. And I just want to, like, kind of warn you on this where they'll launch an offer, even for like, seven bucks, and nobody will sign up, nobody will pay for it. And that can be kind of frustrating right now. Why would somebody I want to break down for you here, why would somebody not sign up for a free or $7 offer? I'll tell you, they certainly are not going to sign up for your 97 or $197 a month offer. Why would somebody not sign up for those things? Well, it's really very simple, and we need to detach our emotions from this factor. For we need to detach our identity from this factor, the fact that we self identify our feelings related to this. Okay, I think so often we can get caught up in our feelings, worried about, are they going to like me? Are they going to accept me and and what it means when people don't register for our offers or they don't purchase from us, detach from that. Okay, it's just business. That's all it is. Treat these offers as just business. In fact, I treat every aspect of my business as it's just business. I don't take it personally. If somebody doesn't want to work with me. I don't need to go introspective and figure out what did I do wrong or or or punish myself because of that, or try to consider what I could have done better, even in that way. Now, yes, we want to learn how to improve our marketing. We want to learn how to improve those things. But listen at the end of the day, sometimes. Things just don't always work, and it's better to go back to the drawing board rather than to try to figure out, what did I do wrong? And I think that that's the difference between playing to win versus playing not to lose. I see so often coaches and mentors, they're playing not to lose so often from their sales copy to how they communicate, to their advertising, to how they run things. They're trying to play the game of not to lose, rather than how do I win? And so that's what I'm going to be presenting to you here. Is a how to win strategy in your business. So when you do the paid offer right here, again, it's not a replacement for the free offer. So I want to just say this one more time if, like, you don't have anybody that's connecting with you. You don't have a huge email list, you're figuring out what people are responding to, most likely you're going to want to test out with a free offer, a free lead magnet, something that's a free class, a free course, a free training, a webinar, an ebook, something that's free that you're going to deliver to people once you launch this. What I'd love to see you do is, again, direct these people to your paid coaching program. Alright, so, so what's going to happen is they're going to sign up, and then you're going to direct them to direct them to your paid coaching program. Now, not everybody is going to become a client of your paid coaching program, but they're on your email list. So what do you do with those people? Two things, we end up then sending them our paid offer, low ticket, paid offer. It's kind of like a down sell from this. Again, we're not connecting it as a downsell. That's not really how I like to do it. I think that that can become way too complicated. I see people create these complicated funnels. We got an upsell, we got a downsell, we got all these things. I've never built our businesses that way. And honestly, I think that it's more of a distraction to try to automate all these different levels of upsell, downsell, cross sell, all those different things like that. I keep it simple. We promote one to two offers at a time, and one could be free, one could be paid. They're offered to different tiers of people, depending on where they come in at okay? And so then I'm able to segment out, okay, if somebody's going through a free offer of mine, I'm going to have them be in a segment where they're not going to hear anything about the paid offer until they kind of go through that whole sequence, or that autoresponder, or that event is over. So one of the ways, again, that I've done this is where I will have a free webinar, maybe a 30 to 60 minute webinar right here. I'll lead people over here to this offer. Anybody who didn't sign up, we're going to direct them over to this paid upsell right here, this paid masterclass. Now you can run ads to something like this, but what's going to happen is, let's say that you have a paid offer. It's like 27 bucks for your paid offer, most of the time, it's going to cost you three times that much in ad spend if you're running advertising campaigns. So this is one of the, one of the things kind of the the math that you have to figure out on this is, let's say that I'm running an offer for 27 bucks. It's gonna, it's gonna cost me about $100 to get somebody to register for that. So I'm losing $70 almost on that. But here's what happens if I can close one in every five people from that into a program that makes me $2,000 let's do the math on that. And this is where this all works. As if you could do the math on this for a paid workshop, you should be able to close one in every five people to an offer. That's about $2,000 that's a that's actually a very low estimate, in fact. So one in every five. Let's just do some math right here. Let's say your paid workshop is 27 bucks, and it's costing you with advertising $100 per person. So this is you're already in the whole $500 before you even get one sale. But here's what happens if you're getting a sale for $2,000 you 4x your money right there. And that math actually works and is scalable, and that's what we see happens with paid workshops, is that math is scalable. But that's not the only thing that you're going to get as well. If you do it right, one in every I would say,

[157:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: seven of these people, six or seven, you could then upsell into a high ticket program, a 10k program. So if one in every seven, you. It goes into that, let's actually bump this up. Right here. We're going to do a little bit of math, $10,000 divided by seven. That's actually bumps this up by another 1400 so you're actually at $3,400 so really, your math of $500 to get one person. If you have a high ticket program, you're actually getting almost a 6.8x return. And that is a really great return on ad spend right there. And that's what you will end up seeing. Happens often. That's how the math often works out. Now, if you have a free lead magnet, these numbers will come down quite significantly, and your margins will actually go up significantly, because what will happen is, if you have a free lead magnet that you're running, you will get more of those free lead magnet people signing up for this, and you've already paid for them to be on your email list, And you can actually get more of those people signing up to multiple events that you have too. And so that doesn't go into your cost right here, because you've already subsidized that cost on the front end with your lead magnet. Hope you're tracking with me what I mean by that. And so what that can do is that will bring down, let's say your lead magnet. You're getting leads at a cost of $3 a lead right here for a free lead magnet. And then out of those people, oh, I would say one in every one in every 10 person one in every 10 people will eventually come into a class like this. In fact, let's just double it to one in every 20. Let's just do that to make the numbers better. So what is three times 20? Well, that's 60. That's not 100 so we actually solved this. So if it costs us only about $60 to get here instead of 100 to get people into the paid thing, what's 60 times 560? Times five is 300 so and you still have the same return on that. So if you're still able to make about $3,400 and only cost you 300 you're now at an 11.3x on your ad spend by running a free lead magnet. And see, this is where people kind of get the math off here, the math of the lead magnet and stuff like that. They're like, Oh, I'm losing $60 on my lead magnet. I'm not making any money on this. I didn't make a ton of profit, yeah. But here's what happens. You loop those people back into a paid workshop. Now one in five of those people becomes a client of yours, and you'll still close some people on the lead magnet as well, and you end up getting about an 11 to 13 times return on every dollar you spend. So now it only cost you $300 to make 3500 bucks. Do the math on that. What does it cost you to get to $20,000 well, let's figure that out. That's about six people times 300 that'll be about a $2,000 ad spend to get you to $20,000 a month, $2,000 a month, $20,000 a month, long term, within about a year. And those are the numbers that we see consistently, that we built our business on. And that won't work when you do this type of a math here. Okay, so that's why we have free offers right here, because it brings our cost down. We have our paid offers right here, and those costs end up sort of kind of averaging out in that that then lead to our paid program that you'll end up making off of the average person, 2000 to $3,500 off of when you combine a high ticket program into it, and you're making at least about 10 times what you're going to be spending on ad spend. And these numbers even work out to where, if you're spending $20,000 a month, you could expect to make about 100 to $200,000 a month. I have a client I worked with his ad budget was $70,000 a month. Followed the same math right here, $70,000 a month. How much So is he making in profit a month? About $450,000 Dollars per month. Now this is what's called diminishing returns. That's only a 6.4 times return. What ends up happening is the way that diminishing returns work is that it's a curve like this. The more you spend, the less the returns happen. So initially we have this low spend of about 1800 bucks right here, you can still get about a 10x return. If you only spend about 500 you could probably get about 15 to 20x return down here, once you're if you're all the way up to like 60,000 spent. Your potential returns are going to be probably about four to 6x right here. So it's diminishing returns, but I'd rather make 400,000 then only 20,000 if that makes sense. And so diminishing returns work because you scale, but the scale produces exceptional results. Still okay, so that's where those numbers kind of come in, and that's how the numbers break down with that on the math of doing paid workshops. Now, a paid workshop has some psychology behind it, when somebody pays for something, they have skin in the game, and it also prevents people that are not serious from joining. So you will have less people joining a low ticket paid workshop, then would join a free lead magnet. A free lead magnet is going to have more people joining, but they're less serious, okay, so out of 100 people who join a free lead magnet, you might get 20 that would join a paid offer. Okay, that's one in 20 that is actually really serious. And then about one in five of those people, if you're really good, it could be one in four or three. One in every five of those people who do a paid offer will join your coaching program, which means one in every about 100 leads you get becomes a client. And again, the math still works out pretty well on that if I'm getting leads for $3 if I get a client out of one in every 100 of those leads we're still looking at. And by the way, I get a client about one in every 25 leads that I get for my business. I'm talking like the numbers I'm giving you are very conservative, therefore those are the numbers that you can expect without even doing everything. Right? How the numbers work on the back end, okay? And that's why, like when we break down these numbers, I think it helps you kind of see the big picture to the fact that it's not a loss on the front end. Running paid ads is not a loss, because when you stack it that way, you can expect those returns to be a lot better. So what we want to do from here is we want to take a look at, I think everybody should come up with what a paid low ticket offer would be that would go in there for their business. The what I like to do for paid low ticket offers is this is that I like to do three to five day prerecorded challenges. So again, I was doing these for free, and I would do a VIP upsell. Now what I like to do is charge maybe $5 or $7 for people to join me for a three to five day event. I'm going to prerecord all the sessions from the event. Days one through four are going to be training. It's still going to follow the same sequence that we do with our webinars and our other types of trainings, where, like, you cast vision on day number one, day number two and three is practical. Day Four, you reserve for the sales pitch, and then day five, I want to do a Q and A day right here so I can pre record all of these and then host one live Q and A on Friday. Very easy.

[312:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: This. This fits my schedule really well and provides a ton of value to people for $5 especially if it solves a specific problem. So that becomes kind of a no brainer for the right person to be able to sign up for, because they're like, oh my gosh, I get five days with Jeremiah where he's going to mentor me on this specific topic and go through this and it's all in one week, and it's all condensed there, plus we're going to give them the recordings and all that, because they paid for it. And so that's what I like to. Do when it comes to paid workshops is that way now, when it comes to actually building this out again, it follows the exact same sequence that we have taught in all of our offers. Okay, you're going to start with a landing page. This landing page is where people get the information. This is where you're going to send your emails and ads to. You're going to send them to that specific landing page and just Just for reference, so you have it. This is, this is what a landing page looks like, right here. We're going to pull up a, we're going to pull up a reference landing page for you. And landing page looks like this. This is a, this is a free webinar landing page. My paid landing pages look exactly the same. The only difference is, when they scroll to the bottom, there's a price here instead of an opt in form. That's literally the only difference. And so some of you have been over complicating the process of, how do I build out a paid offer. It's identical to a free offer. From the marketing perspective. You build out the exact same landing page. Literally, I could turn this offer right here into a paid one simply by just swapping this out with a price and changing it with a button, and that's all I would have to do. Is that I did a I did do a paid one not too long ago. Let me show you what that actual landing page looked like. I it was, Is it this one? So that was a 90 minute one. It was this one, right? It was a three day build and grow your six figure group coaching membership. And I built it out exactly the same as I do my free offers, exact same style of landing page. We have our headline. I did start instead of adding these at the top here, I started adding videos to the top, and they've converted a lot better having a video at the top. So I will say that that's one thing that I have started to do, as I have now a video at the top of my landing pages. They are converting to sales much better with a video at the top of them than a photo. Way better leads, um, way cheaper overall. Okay, we have our story. We have our headline right here. We have our storytelling section, and again, in the members area, if you want to know about writing sales copy, about creating all this, the Start Here section goes into the logistics of this. We have the automated six figure business blueprint. We have the total six figure roadmap. We have the sales letter and landing page copywriting made easy with AI right here. So we use artificial intelligence to come up with the sales copy that's written right here. And I'm going to tell you this, it is not difficult to be able to create an offer, to be able to create sales copy, to be able to create that. The problem is most people are afraid to make a decision because they're worried that it's not going to be good enough to put out there to launch. They're concerned that it's not going to be good enough to launch, and that's what actually prevents them from launching something. And so you have to grow in that area. That's an area of your mindset and your thinking that you have to grow out of this belief that I have to do everything perfect, that I that it's not good enough to launch unless it's perfect. None of my offers are perfect, but they work and they're effective, and they get results. I constrain myself to how long I will give myself to create the sales copy. I use AI for the entire process of coming up with my headlines, coming up with my storytelling section. And there's some prompts that I have in my chat GPT prompt document that I use all the time when it comes to coming up with landing page copy. What are our headlines? How we do how do we describe it? What discovering the pain points? What's the epiphany bridge? And you can paste these into chat GPT. Chat GPT five is. Really great at being able to do this. You could literally paste all six of these right into chat GPT five and have it write some sales copy the new chat GPT five right here that just came out. This was just launched this week. Chat GPT five, very intelligent. The paid version of it. You go check GPT thinking, and then you can click this plus symbol here, and you can, well, on the hmm, on the iPhone, there's actually a button to think more, which I thought was pretty cool. They don't have that on here. Maybe they'll add it later, but I can just put this. I want to create a landing page for parents of teens to help them deal with those teenagers who are moody, to create a better home environment. And I'm just going to paste all the steps from my prompts right here into chat. GPT five, we don't even need to break them down anymore. You can literally paste all the steps, and it's going to go plan out all the marketing copy. It's going to break it down. It's going to break down the tonality it's using like Sandy krakowskis voice and things like that. D drama your home, simple scripts to call moody teen moments, a free practical workshop. Step two, pain points, walking on eggshells. I've tried everything. We're drifting so far apart repeating the same reminders. Headline, stop the spiral from eye rolls, dialog, problem, agitate solution. Moody teen dynamics hijack your home. One comment turns into a showdown. Epiphany, bridge, I wanted a home that felt safe. Mornings blew up over the phones, sales, letter, questionnaire, escalations, desired. Outcome, credibility, outcome, generator, storytelling, sales, letter, format, as requested. Are you tired of the mood swings, the shutdowns and feelings like one word can blow up? I get it. I've been there knocking on the door, rehearsing a speech and watching it backfire. I heard of the sound of my own voice when I nagged, mostly, I ended up wondering if we were drifting too far to fix this is actually really good, and you could repeat the final step six storytelling prompt, throw that in here, just to have It reiterate and re review this to write some sales copy for that. Are you tired of the mood swings, the one word answers, the blowups, the hijack, the whole evening? I know what it's like. I've been there standing in the hallway, or first thing this is this? Yeah, this is way better than that. Top version, a perfect speech, only to watch it backfire. I've yelled, I've over explained, I've tiptoed around the tension. None of it worked. This is it. This is great. This is incredible. This is why. Again, GPT five, chat. GPT five is really good at this. It's really great at writing a sales copy. Okay, you can map out your your ads. Copy right here, you can map out some ads, copy by pasting this in here to create some Facebook ads. Copy

[464:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: using four versions of problem, agitate solution, Copy, then it's going to go create some ads. One eye roll. Shouldn't wreck your evening. When moods spike, you don't need a perfect speech. You need the right first 30 to 90 seconds. Fine, whatever. I don't know. Those are your nightly soundtrack. Try this one door crack question. This is actually really great, right here. I like that takes hour to recover from a teen blow up. You'll love this 92nd reset. Yeah. So that's how we write our sales copy. That's what you how we come up with the ideas for our landing pages in less than 10 minutes. You're able to come up with that in less than less than five minutes. In fact, using GPT five, which is amazing. I like to use the thinking model. They have a non thinking model right here. I prefer the thinking model overall. It's a little more thorough. When it comes to the copy. It's a little more thought out. And so. So when doing that, that's what we do for this. Then you're going to lead somebody to a thank you page. The Thank You page is after they sign up. It tells them what the time is, when to access it. We're going to send them emails that remind them of the event. And then there's going to be some kind of a live or access link that they're going to get. They're either going to get a zoom link, they're going to get a link to a Facebook group, they're going to get a link to some way to access the content when it goes live. And by the way, when you're doing a webinar, a free lead magnet, the same process follows right here. Okay, for a paid one, same exact process. And so again, I want you to get out of your head, overthinking, over analyzing paid versus free, seeing them as different. They're just different tools. They qualify somebody. You're going to get less people on a paid offer than you get on a free lead magnet, but they're going to be more qualified. It's going to cost you more in ad spend to get one person into a paid offer than a free offer. When you combine the two together, it leads to them purchasing and becoming a client of your full and total ecosystem of your offer stack that you have, and how you get clients, okay, and so that, my friends, that's that's the process of using paid offers. Again, I like using multi day events. I might have four days live where people can access in zoom. They can watch it. I'll pre record it. They can access it on a certain time. We'll send them the recordings through YouTube. We'll maybe put those in a in a members area where they can access and then from there, we're going to then use that as a way to sell people on our paid program again, if you want to know how to deliver that content, if you want to know some great training on that, the automated six figure blueprint. We're talking about recording your sales presentation right here. This is my newest flagship course right here. We're going to be moving the total online six figure roadmap into the learning library, because this is a this is from 2023 this is our most updated 2025 version of the model, and it's a much shorter course. It's only seven lessons long. It covers everything that total online six figure roadmap does in 13 lessons. We condensed it down to seven lessons, and each of the lessons are no longer than like 23 minutes long for each one, and yet it covers the entire process for you of building out an automated evergreen offer. It's one of my favorite courses that we have, that we've launched here when it comes to your sales copy again, sales letter and landing page copywriting made easy with AI. We use AI, we use chat GPT five. It's so much easier using chat GPT five than ever before to write your sales copy. Now that chat GPT like like the latest AI tools that are out there are so good that we're that I'm using it for everything. It just doesn't even make sense to not use it, because when it comes to marketing, when it comes to getting clients, it just writes so much better as far as creating a foundation for my offer than anything else that I could come up with myself. And I've been doing this for 22 years, so I would highly recommend, again, get into chat GPT, start using that for language, and start doing that. Okay, so listen, I'm excited to get your questions, the questions that you have on this. I think that every single person you want to, you want to use these three different types of offers in your business. You got free lead magnets. Okay, those are going to be free things that people can they can sign up for other forms of free stuff. Could be free content on your YouTube and your Instagram. Then you have paid mini micro offers which are low ticket seven to 27 bucks. Those build trust with people. And then you have your flagship program, which is 1000 to $2,000 a year. You could split that up to 97 or $200 a month in payments, and then above that, once you get those working, I would then add a $10,000 a year, eight to $900 a month, high ticket program. On top of that, have a high ticket program as well, where you're working much more closely with people in that type of a thing. And you build those. Offers out again, if you're struggling to know, well, I don't even know what offer to offer people. I don't know how to charge people. I don't know all that. There is a prompt that we actually have in my prompt document right here our chat GPT document. It's just, it'll help you kind of map out a coaching program and different ideas and come up with those ideas on here. Like, if I just throw this prompt right in here, it's gonna map out for me, a complete coaching program in my niche, all the different types of modules, ideas for Instagram, reels, YouTube video ideas, all those different things. They can give some great ideas for the one that we used above. I'm

[573:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: that did not work as well. Let me see, take the offer stack above and apply this prompt below. We're gonna we're gonna just edit that, then we're gonna tell it to take all the offers that we put above and have it apply to that prompt to create all these ideas I'm

[583:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: there we go. Here's the eight week program, eight live sessions, right there, self paced, course, private community, script, bank, sell it for 997 bucks. It breaks down the eight weeks. Breaks down the resources, the different lead magnets you could offer, 20 Instagram real ideas, 20 YouTube video ideas, some email copy to send for your lead magnet, a script for an Instagram reel. And so these are, that's just a prompt that literally came up with all of that right there for you. Okay? And so I think the biggest thing I can say is this is that, like, your business is going to get a lot easier when you start creating offers, when you start creating the offers that are going to convert for your target customer, when you start connecting with the right people that you're looking to connect with, you are not gonna have to work harder. You work smarter by doing this, and then what will happen is the money will start to work better. We showed you the math at the beginning of this, how the money works, and it will start to bring in the clients for you. Alright, alright. We're going to be posting our questions and answers. You can leave questions in the group. I'll answer those in a video this week. I'm still here in the group. I'm still interacting with you. We'll talk soon. Have a good one. You.

