WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-11-03T21:07:12.000Z
Duration: 66 min
Otter ID: -mmBIpbEQvcEBHtVLVOYF6blM2w
---

[1:21] Speaker 0: Right, grab the meeting link. Put that there.

[11:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me go into our live stream.

[22:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, we're going live right here. Hello, hello, hello, welcome on into our training here today. Welcome to the wealthy coach Academy program. Glad that you're here. All right. Michelle, Adele, alright. Now what we're going to do is I realized last week was supposed to be a live Q and A, and I did a whole training last week. It was an incredible training, but what I did was it was kind of a shorter training, so I did Q and A, we'll be doing another training here today, kind of back to the regularly scheduled program with the training. I think this is going to be a really good one, and then we'll go back to just doing live Q and A next week. I had mixed the days up, and so how do we fix it? Well, we're just going to go back on the same cycle of what we've normally done. So that's what we're going to do. So today is our live training here. And so I'm going to be talking about is setting up a well, first off, how to position yourself when you run ads, so that they are profitable right away, and so that you get the kind of results that you're looking for here without having to wait months until you start to see those results. And so we've tried this twice with two offers now two different price points. One was $4.95 the other one is 997, and what we found was, is that the 495 it was costing us right around $5 in ads to get people to sign up for this. Okay, so that's break even. The 997 is costing us about $10 in ADS. So both of these are really, really cool. Is because if we spend $200 a day, we'll get 20 people who register for this. And out of that 20 people, you can bet that between three to five of those people will become clients of whatever your paid program is above that, because obviously you're not going to be making your profits on these, but you're going to be making on making it on the back end there. And so this is the paid webinar model. Is what that is, is where I see just everybody's shifting to this on the online space. There's still a lot of like lead magnets and stuff that are out there to grow your email list. I think lead magnets have their place, but I think a lead magnet is really going to be just to move people into some kind of a paid entry course with you so and the length of your entry course can be anywhere from 3045, 60 Minutes, 90 minutes, 120 minutes, the same exact kind of concept that you have with a webinar. Now I'd say we could go longer with something like this. I have one I'm launching here this week, we just finished all the marketing on it, all the autoresponders, all that we're just doing the testing on it. We should launch it tomorrow or the next day. And the goal is to subsidize the ad cost by selling this right there for, say, 495 or $10 and then on the back end of it, you can sell something that could be anywhere from 97 to 197 a month. Or you could sell something that's, you know, $2,000 $5,000 on the back end, whatever it is that you want to do on the back end, or something like that. Here's the difference. Is why this is beneficial. The algorithm, when you're running ads, is going to prioritize the action that's taken, and so unfortunately, there's been a big shift with people that are on social media. If people sign up through an ad for something that is free, there's a really good chance that they're not going to buy from you. And that's been a big shift that's happened. It's been slowly happening. Now. It's like, okay, this is pretty, pretty cut and dry. That way is that a free offer is not going to lead to a lot of buyers. A free offer is going to lead to a lot of leads and a lot of people that are interested, but they're not going to purchase so as soon as you create that barrier where you require $5 or $10 to purchase a ticket with you, to listen to you, you've elevated the quality of that person by 10 times. So the chances of them purchasing from you are up by almost 10 times on your leads, literally exemplified by how many sales you end up getting. It could take 200 leads to generate three to five sales, where it would only take maybe 20 of somebody buying something for 10 bucks. So the idea is, okay, you need 200 leads. Let's just like, look at the math, 200 leads. Let's say you're getting it at a good cost. Maybe it's $2 a lead. Okay, that's okay. Gonna cost you $400 but now you're probably not going to get a sale as quickly, and you're out the $400 to get 200 people on your email list, and you and you'll maybe get three to five sales off of that, okay, of your program. So it's gonna, it's going to break even within 30 to 60 days, and then your profit margins come after that break even point. And while that does work, the algorithms have gotten a lot better on Instagram and on Facebook to where it's much more beneficial to do this, I'm going to spend $400 on ads. I'm going to generate $400 in sales off of a $10 offer, and I'm going to get 40 people in now, if you spend 400 and you make 400 within the same minute, what's your actual cost? Well, your actual cost is zero. So you're not out $400 and by the way, this can scale, you could be out 4000 I'm not sure my I'm not sure would go up to 40,000 but like right away, but it could probably go easily, go up to 10 to 20,000 we we tested quite a bit if, as your price point goes up on what you're selling, you can raise that budget a lot more. Like when we were selling $97 classes for Rick Pino, these worship classes, we would spend about $90,000 on the ads, and they would still break even. So he would spend 90,000 and then he'd make 90,000 but then on the back end, he'd get, like, 400 people into his membership that way. And so it still kind of scaled by those numbers. The idea is, is that you're it's not a cost for you to run your ads where it starts to pay for itself. The ad spend pays for itself. And the people that are actually joining your ecosystem, they're joining your email list, they're buying these courses from you are far more qualified. And now here's the other thing, too. The the long tail of this lasts a lot longer. You could sell the same recorded paid class for a lot longer by doing this as well, because you're getting it's a less volume of people coming in, but the conversion rate is higher. So 200 people who paid $10 is not the same as 200 free leads. If you got 200 that paid you $10 it might be 2000 ad spend. That would equate to about 30 to 50 people becoming a client of yours, and that's, that's the numbers that we, that we ended up seeing from this is about 40 people joined a program for $97 a month by running this exact play right here. Now, the way that you actually run it, you. Is, but I'll, I'll give you a refresher on this. It's exactly the same as what we have been teaching for the longest time here. Inside of this program is you're going to take a some kind of a video training of some kind, and you're going to have people sign up for it, and then from that video training, you're going to sell them into whatever your paid program is. So with this, you end up charging five to $10 to get access to this video training right here. But the funnel remains the same. You build a landing page, right? Let's go take a look at a landing page right here. You build out a landing page like this one. You see Instagram ads playbook. Here's the landing page. And instead of it being a forum where they opt in, it's a form where they can purchase, or you can make it a button to your shopping cart where they purchase. Right there, $4.95 to get access.

[181:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then from there, somebody can watch the training. You have autoresponder emails that then send the video to somebody to be able to watch the trainings, so they're able to go through and access what they paid for by embedding a video on a page that you can then email them for what they paid, and so they pay the money, they get an autoresponder that then sends them a link to go watch the video. That video then has a sales pitch in it at the end of it for what your program is, that you're offering, whatever that course or or membership or subscription or coaching program is or app, whatever you're doing, and so then you have autoresponder emails that also go to those people who purchased the training, and then that sends that to them. Now, like it can't be more simple than that, because what we've done is we've taken the idea of it costs money to run ads, the whole idea of running a free challenge or a pay or a or a free webinar, I would say we need to kind of remove that from our from our window, and do everything as in Our marketing, be low ticket offers, low ticket paid offers the lead magnets could be like, if you do free lead magnets, again, I've seen people, they'll do it mostly through their Instagram. You can attach like, if I make a lot of content on Instagram about perfectionism, I might have a short, quick little one like, video where I talk about that, and then people can many chat me to be able to opt into my email list to get that. But what I'm marketing is going to be these paid offers, these low ticket paid offers. So that ends up subsidizing. What is the word subsidized mean subsidize? The definition of subsidize is to pay for part of the cost of producing so it reduces the price of getting people. So you're paying for the cost to get clients, because you're breaking even on the free front end offer that you're doing right here. And again, I can't, stress this enough, anything that you've done, whether it's a free a free webinar or a free challenge, make it paid and charge between five to $10 for it. $5 495, $7 997, those three price points work really good. There's actually a study done on what people are more likely to buy into when they see an ad. And this is a really up to date study. They pulled a bunch of people and they looked at their buying patterns. Is people are I'll just draw it out here. So if something costs like, one to $2 they're very likely to buy it. It's like, a 10, if somebody is and like, so like, like, this could be like, how many people out of the out of the subset? So let's say, like, okay, 10 people out of the subset would buy it. This is the highest level right here. Once you go to $5 it's, I think it's like seven out of 10. Once you go to like $8 it's like six out of 10. $10 I think actually bumps up a little bit to like eight out of 10. So people are. Actually more likely to buy something for $10 than they are even $5 sometimes, which is a very interesting way to look at it, as far as the numbers goes, maybe at this. But then what ends up happening is, is, if you raise it to $20 it drops to like two out of 10. $50 is like one out of 10. $100 is like point 01, like, like point one out of 10. So like anything that's around that $10 and under price point people's behavior when they see an ad on Instagram or Facebook, they're extremely likely to purchase it. By doing that, they're more likely to purchase than any other price point under this $10 area right here. Now this does not account for how likely are they, after they purchase this, to buy something else. This is just the initial offer that you're marketing. So like, if we do a $20 or a $50 or $100 yes, that drops down significantly from there, but it it's still is within that between 20 and 30% range, where, if you get somebody to buy something for $10 there's about a 20 to 30% chance that they will then purchase something from you that is anywhere From 1000 to $2,000 a year, or is 4797 $197 a month. Those numbers kind of flex a little bit with that. So that's why, like, this is a huge winner right here. And then the numbers start to get way too costly if you do a free offer, if it's a free challenge, if it's a free webinar. So this is just moving away from doing free stuff, that we're going to be advertising with people, but we're doing the exact same model. This is what you gotta keep in mind. It's the exact same model of the challenge offer or the webinar model, but you're going to attach a $5 or $10 price tag to it, and so immediately your cost changes, you can end up paying for your ads that way you can test things you're you're more likely to have more confidence to test if you know that, okay, I'll at least make back what I spend on these ads right away, just testing this to see how it goes, and then the chances of somebody buying from you are exponentially greater, whereas if there's a chance of you losing 500 to $1,000 running ads, you're more likely to hesitate with running those ads. You're more likely to not want to run them, necessarily. Now it does take in testing the algorithm about two to three days for it to start to pick up. So you might see, okay, within day one, it might cost you 30 to $40 to get somebody to buy from you. Then day two, it might be $20 then day three, it might be $10 then by day four, it drops down to that $5 range as the algorithm is training who it's going to show to Okay. Now, the other thing that I want to talk about is that this all sounds great on paper, and this is all stuff that we can put together and we can map out and we can plan out, but until we go ahead and we take action to implement and we put this into practice. It's just a great theory, and by the way, it's just another way of marketing, just like the challenge model was, here's what I've noticed that a lot of people end up doing, unfortunately, is when a model like this comes along that's really profitable and that it works, they sit around and they wait months and months and months to put something out there in this instead of, okay, let's go test it out this month. Let's go put something out there with this. And so I asked chat GPT, what like, what this is called. And there's a shift that happens. We have to get to a place where we go from deliberation to implementation. It's a cognitive switch in our brains that takes us from, well, I'm thinking of, I'm getting the foundation set up to where we go into behavioral activation, where we take an action first approach at things. You move first, and then the motivation follows. Often you are not going to have necessarily the motivation to get stuff. Up to get stuff going, to get stuff running in your marketing, in your offers, in what you're creating in doing this. But if we can get ourselves to the point where we are willing to take action and you train your brain to just move, one way that I found that I can do this is like, if I'm hesitating to do something, I will stack certain behavior on top of each other. So what this means is, if I know that I have to record a webinar, if I know that I have to write a landing page and I'm delaying doing it, if I know that I have to launch these ads, if I know that I have to launch this offer out there. I'm going to stack some sort of action on top of it, where I'm going to say, Okay, I'm going to go eat lunch, and then I'm going to go take a shower, I'm going to go brush my teeth, and then after that, I'm going to record this, no matter how I feel. And so what you do is, by taking action in something else, you're able to then stack that on top of and it helps you get out of the overthinking habit

[337:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: we need to as well, learn to move past our past, the worry and fear of wasting time because in the past, maybe we launched an offer and it didn't turn out that specific way that we wanted to moving past that and training yourself to say, You know what, I'm going to take action and I'm going to do this, this, this offer. I'm going to put that out there, even if it feels uncomfortable, even if it feels like something that I don't want to do today, even if I'm sweating bullets to do it, I'm going to move past the feelings and my nervous system that's trying to stop me, that's trying to protect me, because that's all it is. Your body and your mind are just trying to protect you from some sort of pain and disappointment. You don't want to be judged by other people. You don't want to disappoint yourself. You don't want things to not turn out perfectly how you want them to. And so a when we can give up that and you literally retrain your brain to say, You know what, I'm going to take action even when I don't feel like it, I'm going to move forward even when it doesn't feel like the right thing to do, that's where you start to get the breakthrough in your life, and you start to see stuff happen. Oftentimes, I will find that if I'm stalling to take action, it's usually related to me being concerned and worried about how somebody else is going to react or respond, whether it be a prospect on the internet or somebody who's working for me, or somebody in my life, I'm worried about how they are going to react and respond to me by doing the thing that I know that I need to do. And so what we have to do is we have to get to a place where we can accept how people respond that we're not trying to control it. What I've told you right here is probably the most sure way of getting the right people in front of you right now in the online marketing space is by charging just a little bit of money to then qualify people to hear a training slash presentation slash sales pitch from you, and that really is the best way to do it. And so the more you do it, the more often that you do that, the better it's going to get. But so often we get caught up in these traps of, well, I gotta make sure that it's right before I put it out there. I don't want to waste time. I don't want to put bad money before good money. And it, you know, not turn out how I want it to. And that, my friends, is it's a recipe for failure. It's a recipe for you not reaching your goals, because we're afraid of failure, we're afraid of criticism, we're afraid of it not being perfect. We're looking for the right time, we're looking for the right opportunity. I've been preaching this for a while to you guys, of moving past perfectionism, and it sat again. All of this sounds great until you can literally get your body to move into action. You start moving your mouth on camera. You start moving your fingers to type sales copy. You start you sign up for an email autoresponder software. If you haven't done that, you start asking chat GPT for help with your sales copy. But if you're sitting around waiting until it feels right, the brain literally goes in these loops where it just spins around and. Circles and circles and circles and circles and circles and talks you out of doing the very thing that's going to help you. We don't have the luxury of talking ourselves out of that anymore. I don't think, and that's the decision that we have to make, is that I'm no longer okay with talking myself out of the very thing that I need to do in my business, in my life, for my family, for my relationships, for my finances, for things to produce the result that I want, because it, quote, unquote, doesn't feel how I want it to. I think we've gotten so caught up, especially in our culture and society today, of waiting until things feel good and then we will do them and running away from what doesn't feel good, running away from what feels uncertain, running away from what we're unsure of and waiting until we feel certainty to do things when that feeling of uncertainty actually points you, often times it's a feeling of resistance that actually points you in the direction of where you should be going. What I found is that obstacle when you start to feel those feelings of insecurity inadequacy, I'm afraid to do this. I'm not sure if this is going to produce a result. I don't know if I should go out and do that. Is this the right thing? Well, gosh, it didn't work last time that that very thing that we are hesitant to do is the exact direction that we're meant to go, that the that the resistance is actually the direction that we're meant to go after. And what I found is that a lot of people cave to resistance, and they also use resistance as a way to control things. If they experience some kind of resistance, they run away from it. And this is not something that we want to create a habit of. This is a behavior that we need to shift from, that we need to change resistance in our lives does not point to the fact that it's a bad thing to do. It actually points to the fact that it's probably the right direction to go. Now, that's not cut and dry for everything, but if it's something that you haven't tried before, exactly in that way, by the way, like if you adjust your offer, if you do it as a paid offer. If you change the topic of what you're doing, maybe you change the topic of your book, your ebook, your challenge, your course, your webinar, if you change how you're doing it, maybe you like Tiffany, has been gaining a lot of momentum. She decided to just start recording her podcast. Now, I would encourage her, I hope she watches this recording. I would encourage her, don't get caught up in the loop of just making podcast content. Use that as motivation that can link to then creating an offer that we put out there, that we charge money for, that we start advertising to people that we start marketing to people you people. And so if you're a coach, if you're a mentor, if you're a course creator, you gotta get more leads and more sales in your business. And the way that we do so is by marketing, is by advertising, is by finding people that need what we want. I think the best question to ask is, what's really stopping me right now? I'll tell you, for me, I'll look back at what's my number one excuse right now in my life, it's always been my How much time do I have, right? How much time do I have? And then complaining that I don't have the have people that can necessarily do the work for me that I want them to. Well, here's something I tried this past week. I'll just give you this. I kept finding I was stalled again on my opt in offer that I was doing. I'm learning right now I need to delegate 99% of everything that I'm doing and just focus on that top level marketing, but I was stalled on a technical aspect of it. And by the way, the people who work for me right now don't even know how to do the technical aspect, but what I did was I took 30 minutes and I just found all the technical trainings that they needed, and I sent it to them, and I told them to go figure it out. And the next day, they came back and said they couldn't figure it out. And so then I said, Okay, great. What are you stuck on? They told me what they were stuck on. I said, Okay, great, go try it out. Now, they just made a little bit of progress, but they were still stuck. So I said, Okay, great. What are you stuck on now? And I explained to them, okay, I made a quick. Video is like, maybe, like, a three minute video. I just explained exactly where we were stuck, and I kid you not, the next day, the whole project was done,

[482:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: a piece that I was that I was personally stuck on doing myself. Why? Because of the time that I had and my excuses that I was making, and then I didn't want to bother my people that were working for me with something that they didn't know how to do. Instead, I decided, You know what, I'm just going to throw them in the deep end, and I'm going to show them how to do it, and they're going to learn how to do it, and then we're going to get it done. And I even put a job listing out there to find somebody who is more of a specialist in it. Now I don't even know if I need the specialist, because I was able to train them on how to do it. I was able to train Michela and Jonalyn on how to do the thing that they were stuck on with this and so but I was hesitant because I didn't want to stress them out because they didn't know how to do it. I was hesitant because I didn't want to give them something that they didn't know how to do. I kept stalling because I said I didn't have enough time to do it, and so I finally just this week. This is last week, from Wednesday to Friday. That was it literally three days. Just decided to just literally throw spaghetti at the wall in this scenario with Jonalyn and Michaela, and told them what I need done and what I needed help with. And sure, it was really messy. The first day, it was really messy. The second day it didn't look great. It didn't look like it was going to get done. But then, after we broke through, where were we stalling? Where were we stuck? I gave them the proper training. I gave them the proper information. Sure, it took three days, but it was better than me waiting three weeks for it to get done again. And so it's finding what are those areas in our lives becoming really

[513:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: self aware of where we're stopping ourself. Where are we pausing ourselves? Where are we putting things off? Where are we making excuses? Why are we doing that? Why do we feel like we have to be the one that does everything? Why are we afraid to do something different? Figure out what is really stalling you. What is the reason behind why You're stalling overall. What is the reason behind why things aren't moving forward? What is the reason behind you know what you need to do if you're in this program? I know. I know everybody who's who watches this training right now. You know what we need to get going, what is stopping you, and start to really take a look at that. If it's a technical skill, learn the skill. If it's you don't feel right about it, you're nervous, you're scared, work on the mental strength that you need to be able to take action. By the way, oftentimes a lot of the mental strength that we need. I've tried to work through this with therapy, with meditation, with all of those different types of things, with prayer, and it does not seem to work as much as just simply getting up and doing something, just getting up eating some lunch, take a shower, brush my teeth, and then press record, rather than just sitting around, waiting until it feels right, waiting till I feel better about it, working six months with a therapist to figure out how to feel right about it. Nothing against that. But oftentimes that's actually not the help that we need. Oftentimes it's something that only we can give ourselves inside. Oftentimes it's only something that we can do ourselves to take action, to get up, to not be stuck. We have the ability to do so, but for some reason, our nervous system attached to our brain is telling us, nope, I can't do that. It's too scary, it feels uncomfortable. It doesn't feel right right now, and we end up waiting and waiting and waiting, and I'm not talking about pushing yourself to your breaking point where you're burnt out at all. This is actually a what creates burnout is that waiting and waiting and waiting, this will create momentum. This will create excitement, and this will give you the ability to be able to go do things that you never thought was possible. Now, two weeks ago, I talked. About a concept called steady confidence. Steady confidence is where you develop confidence no matter what is going on in your life. And again, I hope that David gets a chance to watch this as well. I'm going to tag him in the video. Steady confidence is this everything is going wrong around you. You know you're you're you find out that your your your your in laws can't pay their rent, and now you got to go pay their rent for six months, and that now one of your in laws can't even see to provide for themselves. You find out that your kids are needing to go to the hospital. You find out that you're that that your credit cards are going up higher than you want them to. You're finding out that you have a health challenge that you weren't sure of. You find out that a close friend that you thought that you had is no longer really a close friend. You have to leave a church that you've been going to for a long time, because it no longer exists because of a falling out between the pastors. All of this can happen, by the way, everything that I just mentioned happened to me over the last couple of years in one form or another, and I was able to solve them, and I was able to figure out, you know what, no matter what's going on in my life, I can find steady confidence in what I know how to do. The confidence doesn't come from my outcomes. It doesn't come from my results. It comes from taking action. It comes from getting up and doing the thing. And it comes from when things are not going how we want. It comes from being okay with that, the worst possible scenario that might happen in your day, being okay with it. You know what? It's okay. We'll make it work. It's all right. This is a good situation. This is a good chance to grow. This is a good chance to reclaim our power to not let this situation define what I'm capable of. And I know there's all kinds of beliefs and training on there about the grief and letting yourself heal and trauma and all of that, and I understand all of that, because I've gone through all of it. But I found that sometimes we can get caught up in a loop of just feeling sorry for ourselves and waiting until every everything starts to settle down, and then we can finally do what we want to do. And I started to realize, like, I having two kids definitely changed this for me, things aren't going to settle down, and it doesn't mean I'm doing anything wrong, and it doesn't mean that I need to change anything. It's just the ebb and flow of life. It's just how things go. It's just the ups and downs of how things happen. And so when you become real comfortable and confident at the lowest point when things are going everything's against you, you develop this ability where you start to accept the things you can't change, and you look forward to the things that you can and you start to say, okay, like kids go to the emergency room. That happens? You know, family members can't pay their rent. We might need to help them. That happens, I can't be mad. I can't be angry about that. I'm not going to get angry about it. Sure I can. But is that going to do me any good? Is it going to do me any good to stay stuck in how my life is going, or rather, say, Listen, how can I make the best of this, and how can I still stay consistent with showing up in my business, showing up with my family, staying joyful, staying happy, not attaching my happiness and joy to everything going how I want it to, but rather finding an inner strength that no matter how things Go and again, for me, I find that with God, but I will say I also find it in just knowing that I'm stronger than I thought I was, that I am actually a lot stronger and that and that previously, what used to what would have broken me in the past, that I like I'm crying out to God, I need this help because it's so difficult. We all have those situations now that same thing can happen, and it's like, this is just a normal Tuesday, because as I'm expanding my life, as I'm growing things as I'm. And changing things like stuff is going to happen and it's okay. It's okay. It's not the end of the world. I don't need it to go perfectly. I don't need to wait until the right perfect opportunity to act and to move. I can move and take action and do the things that I need to do, no matter how the situations around me are happening alright? So that's what I wanted to bring here today, and I wanted to share, because I just think, like, if you can just start running some low cost paid classes, and you don't let what's happening in your life get you caught up. You can accomplish far more than you thought you could when it comes to your business, your family, your walk with God. You know, I remember just going to church on Sunday was one of the hardest things for my wife and I with two kids, and now we do it every week. No matter how we how things are going, it's because we made a decision that what used to be hard. We're going to figure out how to make it easy. We're going to figure out how to make it fun. We're going to figure out how to make it a part of our new normal, our normal, it was so chaotic and so difficult to get to church. Now it's, it's, I would say the chaos is probably not changed at all getting two kids out the door to go to church, but how we approach it, my wife and I, with the joy and happiness and and being on the same page and all that, that shifted tremendously, and all of those things, and a lot of it comes from internally. How do we look at it? Are we waiting until things go how we want to do what we want? Or can we do it regardless of how things are going, regardless of what's happening around us? I've been that's been a part of my message since day one,

[673:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: and even more so now I think it needs to be, because there's a lot happening in the world today. We can't wait until everything's perfect, until we do the things we need to do. So okay, I want to take some questions here, or help you all, or coach you through anything that you need some coaching with. Let's talk through it. You can leave a comment below. You can ask questions. You can join us in the Zoom call looks. We got a handful of people in the Facebook group that are watching today. Or you can leave a comment on the side here, you can raise your hand and ask some questions. Alrighty, I

[686:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to help you guys get this, because I know that what happens when you go out there, and you start to take action with stuff. Adele, what's up?

[689:52] Adele Best: Yeah, so good. Jeremiah, and just so I understand the strategy, then it's, it's adds to under $10 offer, and then are we upselling them to our membership or our next tier offer, obviously. Is there any change in what you think the price of the next higher up offer should be?

[695:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, I wouldn't change the price points on the higher up offer. I'd say those have remained pretty much the same. What

[697:37] Adele Best: do you recommend? Like $5 offer to get them into what? What next price point,

[699:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: 97 or 197

[700:35] Adele Best: a month membership, $2,000 program. Okay, I'm not a free membership. So no,

[702:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, no, no, no, I would not, I would not get them into a free membership. Okay, if you're going to run like a free school community, that's kind of like your email list, that's kind of like an offshoot of so I actually, I actually saw one guy, his school community is basically his YouTube video. He puts in there, yeah, but then he directs people still to his five and $10 micro offers.

[710:21] Adele Best: Okay, so his skill is free,

[711:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, the school is free, but it's really just another form of an email list, an email list. He's got a school community, he's got just all of that. But like all leading into these five and $10 offers.

[715:51] Adele Best: So get them into the school community. Upsell them to the 197 offer, and then the 2k offer and then the higher offer.

[717:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, no, no. You anything that's free. You want to use that to lead people to your low tick. Get five and $10 offers.

[720:24] Adele Best: Okay, yeah, and then, and then you

[721:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: upsell them, let them know about your paid one. But you want people to go into these, uh huh, these lower tier offers, because that's where your good sales pitch is going to be. Those are going to convert really well, okay, so, like, if you have free lead magnets, free community things like that. The purpose of those is still more just to get they're more of an advertising tool, if anything, like I wouldn't necessarily run ads to like a free school community. It could be like people that are on your Instagram could join the free school community to get access to like a free lead magnet or something, but then you want all those people to jump into whatever your kind of five and $10 offer is that you're doing

[732:40] Adele Best: okay, and once they take that, then

[733:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: how do you sell them? Inside the video training itself, you have a call to action to your paid 97 or $197 offer, okay? Or you're, and that would be monthly, or you're paid $1,000 $2,000

[737:11] Adele Best: offer, okay, but could you deliver the $5 offer in school and sort of have them in there and then try to sell them, try to upsell them at the end of that training? Sure, if you wanted to,

[740:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, if that's less complicated for you, yeah. One of the things is, I just, I don't, I don't like making extra complexity either.

[743:45] Adele Best: I'm just thinking, like, so are you, is this the model that you're going to use exclusively to sell people into, into this offer is, yeah, add to a low ticket offer to an invitation to this, yeah, yep.

[747:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so it's kind of the same model when we were doing, like a free webinar, free challenge, with, like a paid VIP, but now we're just making everything be like, VIP,

[749:56] Adele Best: yeah, so now you're just basically charging people $5 for your webinar, yeah, Five $10 for the webinar, for the for the challenge thing. And it's kind of like, it's kind of like more evergreen, because you're it's, you don't have to be live well, now that

[753:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: they've invested money, they want to make sure that they get the most out of it so more people are going to watch it. Yeah, that's a really good idea. They're more qualified, and the algorithm on the ads manager is more likely to actually bring purchasers to you. Yeah. So if you're running ads to just free leads, very unlikely necessarily to be a purchaser, is the issue? Yeah, and that's been a big shift, I'd say, like the last year, okay, is people are just less likely to purchase from you off of a free lead magnet directly. They need to, like, buy something low ticket, and then they'll become more a higher end customer.

[764:41] Adele Best: And so do we not need a lead magnet anymore? Okay?

[766:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: So when I'm talking about lead magnets, this is an I that I think is still a great thing you can do is, like, if you have like, a mini, like a mini chat on your Instagram, you could make some, like, really small mini lead magnets that could go attached to, like, any, any topic of content that you make. So, like, if I'm making content on mental health or perfectionism or things like that, I could make a little mini lead magnet around that topic that's just free.

[773:21] Adele Best: And would that be like a video or a PDF?

[774:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would do a video because video is a lot easier for me to do than a PDF, yeah, but you could also just do a

[775:57] Adele Best: PDF. I think a video is better

[776:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then. And then, the idea is, those people that are on your email list, you can then send them emails about your five and $10 offers, yes. So your school community, your YouTube, your social media, all roads are kind of leading into these paid webinars, yeah? And then the paid webinar leads to one thing, it's your higher priced offer, yeah, it's your mid, mid ticket offer. And then what you can do is you can attach a like a, you know, a seven to 7000 10,000 14,000 19,000 whatever you want to do, you can attach that like, if somebody buys your $2,000 program, you could have a $19,000 high end upsell program for Those people that want to

[789:54] Adele Best: take it that could be like a year long inner circle, or one to one people

[791:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: again. I would just, I would just do it for four to six months. I wouldn't do a whole year with that. Okay, yeah, I wouldn't. I wouldn't necessarily do a whole year. I would do, I would do four to six months. I think people are more likely to purchase something for a four to six month stint, okay, than a year. A year is nice for you know, the consistency. But I felt that if you do it for like a four to six month, people are likely to also renew after that as well. Okay. And continue with you. So these are all kind of like, it's the same model that we've been talking about for a couple years, but we're, yeah, I would say it takes a lot of the it takes a lot of the pressure of, What if I lose money on these ads? Because now, because now the Instagram and Facebook ads have gotten to a year ago, if you ran a $5 offer with an ad, it might cost you 25 bucks to get somebody to buy it. Right now, you're it's costing you five bucks to get that $5 sale. Yeah?

[808:48] Adele Best: So that's a big shift, yeah. Well, this may seem really small, but I am going to celebrate this. So last week, I was off. I didn't get I didn't get anywhere near done with my YouTube that I wanted to do. But one day, I was like, You know what? I am sick and tired of this not being able to just turn the camera on and record myself. And I didn't feel like it, but I was driving home, and I said, when I get home this afternoon, before this afternoon ends, I am turning on my camera and I'm just going to talk some crap into the camera and post it, and, like, I did it just to make myself do it. And Jeremiah, it was so easy. And after all that, I was like, Why have I thought that was hard? It was literally so easy. Yeah. And I'm like, and I and, and so I didn't, that's,

[821:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: it absolutely feels so hard before you start it. I didn't physically

[822:14] Adele Best: achieve very much in terms of what I had written on my list of things to do, but that was a massive breakthrough for my nervous system. And I was like, Oh my goodness. I like, this is so easy. Yeah. So that was a massive so Exactly. And I did exactly what you were just saying. I said to myself, I'm not tolerating this BS, any longer, I'm going to do it, and I just did it, and it was slowly so easy. Jeremiah, I was like,

[828:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you know what? Like, it's funny because, like, I'm not tolerating this, acting like this any longer is it's not harsh. Sometimes it's the that's just the right level of a kick in the pants we need to give ourselves. Yeah? Well, we talk about like, it's not like, it's not hypercritical. It's just like, Hey, you gotta get going. You gotta do

[834:46] Adele Best: something. Yeah? It's kind of like we talk about parenting our inner child. Well, sometimes just tell her, like, the way you discipline an inner child, I like, discipline myself. And I said, No, yeah, I'm gonna discipline myself. Because I'm I realized, like, I'm never gonna, I'm never gonna feel like doing this. I haven't, I haven't felt like doing this for years. So when am I ever gonna feel like doing it? And then I'm watching everybody else just do it, and I'm like, I'm just gonna do it, yeah? So I did it, so I'm just gonna,

[841:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: and there's like, yeah, because I remember, like, when I was really, like, going through therapy every week and all that like, I would say I felt like maybe talking to myself like that would be like, too harsh. But like, on the flip side of it, I think if we can find like, our right level of like, what gets us going and what gets us to do something, because, if there's no because I think the indicator that I look for is not necessarily how do I feel about it, it's what type of action Am I taking?

[850:06] Speaker 2: Yeah, and also, as well, you know, like, what's really happening on the back end of this? Yeah,

[851:44] Adele Best: like, I've been on a fast actually, I'm making all this fruit because I'm about to break my fast tonight, than on a I just realized, you know, it really is just pride. It's pride because after I posted it, I realized that nobody really nobody cares. Nobody really cares. And so it's my pride that has been blocking me. Pride because I'm thinking about myself instead of thinking about the people that need what I have to offer them, people that are in pain, that need help. Yeah, you know, yeah, so I had a so that was my breakthrough last week, yeah,

[860:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. That's actually a huge breakthrough. It

[861:58] Adele Best: is actually, and then I realized that I actually really, I actually really enjoy it. And I was like, I really enjoy this,

[863:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: that. And so one thing I noticed you minimized your breakthrough at the beginning, when you were telling me about it, when, in fact, I would say it's one of the biggest breakthroughs that I've seen people have, is what you just said. So that's another thing is, is, like, not minimizing the breakthroughs we have. Like, that was that's amazing. Like, let's give you a round of applause for that. You know, yeah,

[869:36] Adele Best: it is because I was like, if I can turn this camera on, just talk to it really naturally, like, that's, that's basically half the road to selling, yep.

[872:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, just talk naturally to people, yeah. And what I found is, like, when I'm when I'm selling, as I get I keep my nervous system as calm as possible, yeah, because then I have more control over my inflections, my body language, if I'm going to rise up, if I'm going to lean in and lower my voice like this, if I want to get so excited, you know, like that. You know all that like I have more control over that when my nervous system is calm.

[879:42] Adele Best: You. Yeah. So I think, I think it was kind of a sign to me that my nervous system must have settled a lot down, that I was that I'm at that stage now. So that's really good. It is a breakthrough for me.

[882:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: That is a huge breakthrough. Yeah, great job. Thank you. The next breakthrough will be when you launch your next like, when you launch a campaign with ads.

[885:44] Adele Best: Yeah, so I've got like, three weeks off over Christmas, and my target is to have some kind of funnel with ads on it set up by the end of the year. That's my target. I'm going to learn ads. I've got three weeks off. That's more than enough time to sit down and learn ads, and I'll also have no and now that's sort of like, I've also saved it. I've also budgeted, like I had to buy my daughter a car and everything, yeah, but even despite that, I've managed to move the finances around to have money. I will have money for ads at the end of the year. So yeah, and I'm not expecting anything great from them, like my my business partner, my friend, she ran ads the last two weeks, and she got nothing from it. And I said to her, Well, you didn't get nothing. You got you got data,

[897:35] Speaker 0: yeah, what's her offer?

[898:17] Adele Best: Well, she's actually more kind of in that, like she's a She's a psychologist, so she's probably more in that therapy niche, you know,

[900:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: just really hard to sell through ads.

[900:46] Adele Best: Yeah, I felt really bad for her. I think, then, I think the

[901:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: therapy niche is hard to sell through ads, and I think it's better like, if somebody's in the therapy niche, to set to sell more of like a life coaching type offer, yeah, take what they know from therapy, but then create a life coaching offer, something that's more direct response based, yeah, Therapy in and of itself, that those types of therapy topics, they just don't read that Well, I think through the through ads.

[908:56] Adele Best: So that started to concern me, because it was around, it was around, you know, toxic relationships, which is kind of the area I want to my ads in. And I was like, well, maybe I should just scrap that idea and just keep that to YouTube and run ads on Facebook to more like a like a kingdom wealth building more like a Joshua Giles type offer, you know, like high ticket offers for Christian entrepreneurs type offer. And because I'm still very undecided between the two niches, and I've come to conclusion that I'm just going

[916:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: to do both, definitely I think be a lot easier, yeah, to get the results you're looking

[917:53] Adele Best: for. So yeah, I might just keep the whole narcissism thing to like, on a school funnel,

[919:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and just have it be something that you're that's part of your ecosystem. But here's what I found oftentimes, is that, like, what we really want to teach to people might not necessarily be what's marketable to the marketplace?

[923:38] Adele Best: Yeah, exactly, exactly. And so we

[924:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: got to find, like, what is the market?

[925:30] Adele Best: Well, having said that, having said that, Jeremiah there, I have done a bit of research, and there is a lady on YouTube who's sell, who is in the narcissism niche, and she's doing it from a Christian perspective, and she's running like group, group coaching every three months. And I signed up through a funnel because I wanted to find out how much she's charging. And she came back to me just like, Oh, we're fully booked, so you'll have to wait to the next cohort. And I thought, Okay, well, there's people buying this then, so there is people buying it from YouTube, because they're buying it off her. So but, but maybe it just doesn't work so well on Facebook and Instagram in terms of ads.

[936:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, she all well. So here's the thing. So somebody who the best way to do that, that she's probably doing, is she spent a lot of time nurturing a deep community, yeah, and then selling those people on something that's a cohort who are really deeply nurtured with her already,

[940:49] Adele Best: yeah? And that's kind of what I want to do on YouTube. Like I want to do something similar, yeah. And so

[942:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, amount of hours and energy is a lot more hours and energy are going to need to be spent to nurture that community in order to get a sale. Yeah, and so that's, that's the thing, like going just add to getting a sale direct response, maybe not so much, but add to direct response to building a community a longer tail, taking longer time you can get sales in those types of therapy type offers, but it just takes a lot more effort. Yeah, takes a lot more deep connection. It takes a lot more work on the front end.

[954:27] Adele Best: So do you think if I focus more on a kind of like a wealth offer, like a high ticket offer for Christian entrepreneurs, that would work better on Instagram and Facebook,

[957:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: it just again, it's not necessarily work better or not. It just takes less deep community building to sell something like that. Okay, and so, yeah, I.

[960:00] Adele Best: So if I was thinking about this from a purely business head person, that's it, keep my feelings out of it and keep out of it what I want to do. But just think about business. Then it would be better to go down that that niche. Well, it

[963:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: is something that you feel passionate about. I think it's just, it's just realizing, like, we don't want to live in a fantasy world of what, of like, like, how things are going to happen, yeah, like, I have this fantasy that I'm going to launch a therapy based offer, and it's just going to get a ton of sales overnight, and people are and I'm going to become a massive success with this, this offer I put out there, that's probably not going to happen. But if you spend a lot of time building and nurturing a community, long tail that will happen. And that's what the realistic expectation for that industry and niche is in online marketing, whereas if you do more of a high ticket offer, you can more expect faster sales. So this is, I think, where sometimes people do get caught up. They expect, sort of like the High Ticket Sales offer momentum from something that is going to be built through, like a long tail type relationship. And they get frustrated because it takes so many connect points to get people to become a customer. Mm, hmm. And so it's just kind of like figuring out, okay, well, how many connect points does it take? And then how many of those do I need to show up with, with people? Yeah, not being disappointed when it like doesn't pan out instantly, overnight success that way, in that type of offer. But if we're talking like, here's the other thing, okay, you want to define what your values are.

[988:43] Adele Best: I feel very strongly that Christians need to, need to be taught how to, how to prosper financially. It's one of my strong that and the narcissism thing. I do feel strongly about it, but if I'm being honest, it probably was more my past. And I'm kind of like, do I want to go back into my painful past so much? I don't know, yeah, even though I could talk about it a lot and help people and serve them.

[997:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's what you got to decide for yourself, is like, where do you want to go with it? Yeah? Take it.

[1001:23] Adele Best: Yeah. Well, that's actually why I went on a fast. That's one of the reasons why I went on a fast. To really try to ask myself that question and ask God, so yeah, I'm gonna make a decision anyhow and move forward. Maybe I'll just do both. Maybe I'll just do both at different times. You know,

[1006:24] Speaker 2: yeah,

[1007:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that. Yeah, it'll definitely show up in other spaces. For sure, what I'm what I'm talking about, though, is like, from a profitability standpoint, financial might take longer, yeah, but, but if that's what's going to be more fulfilling for you, that could be good. So it's kind of like you got to decide what's best for you on that. Yeah, I don't think I'll be able to tell you no sounding board and we can talk it out. But yeah, really deciding okay, and then this is where it's like, okay, make a decision and stick with that decision.

[1018:04] Adele Best: Yes, just pick one thing and stick with it long enough and don't give up too soon, because then nothing will work. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Okay, that's really great. Thank you. But that that training tonight was absolutely spot on, because that's exactly what I did last week. I just said, Enough is enough. I'm doing this. I'm not going to be led by my feelings any longer. I'm just going to do it. So spot on. Thank you.

[1024:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. All righty, do we have any more questions? Anything we want reviewed, any sales copy, any or offers that we're doing? Think we're gonna, I'm gonna rename this from a Q and A day to something a little more specific. I think of the next Q and A day. Let's do that. I have these ideas, they pop in my head, and then I take action on them quickly. I have this idea for our Q and A day to like, rename it something like copywriting funnel, ad reviews and live Q, A, so that's what we're going to be calling the like the next week. One is going to be based on those.

[1040:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: What I'm doing is I'm sending that to my team to implement that idea that just popped in my head right here, because I actually I know that that's a good idea. Getting more specific as far as, like, what we're going to focus on, what we're going to do during our Q A is going to be really helpful. All right, any other questions or things that we want to go over here today, anything we want reviewed, pop up. Let me know. Raise your hand. Say something.

[1051:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right. Well, I think we'll call it here today for everybody else, I will see you see our VIPs tomorrow in our VIP group, and see everybody else next week on our live copywriting funnel ad review and Q amp a day, all right, have a good one.

