WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-06-16T21:08:34.000Z
Duration: 83 min
Otter ID: Rg8UMcVMxLuNYg0e1GQH_9MZ7fc
---

[0:44] Speaker 0: All right,

[1:35] Speaker 1: let's go

[2:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: stream this in the Facebook group.

[4:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: You alrighty,

[7:54] Speaker 1: hello, hello,

[8:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: welcome on over. How y'all doing? Welcome on in. All right, let's get the Facebook group going live, training, encouraging the sale. It's Q A, June 16, 2025, let me grab the Zoom link here. How. How's everybody doing today?

[19:04] Speaker 3: Doing good? Bueno,

[20:49] Speaker 4: right? You.

[22:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Learn us on zoom here, we take this,

[25:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: the stream key, go live, and then we should be live in the Facebook group. Here, there we go. Alright, we're going live in the Facebook group. Live video is starting. Well, hey everybody. I hope you had a great weekend. Had a great week. Um, we got had a little bit of sickness last week, but we're feeling great now, which is awesome. So I am excited to share, yes, I am excited for today, because I think that this is really going to help us move things forward. And I shared this in our VIP group, but I think just for for everybody, we really need to accelerate what we're doing. We need to accelerate towards getting some sales. And that's what I want to talk about, is I want to break down something I've been talking a little bit with the VIPs about. I was talking about the last couple of weeks. I've been tiptoeing around this topic the last couple of weeks, but I'm going to be breaking down here in this live training about encouraging the sale. So obviously, you're all here because you want to get more sales. You want to get people buying your programs, and yes, you want to make impact, you want to fulfill your calling, you want to do all those things that's important. But I'm going to leave that up to you and kind of like that, that side of it, the the reason why you're doing it intrinsically, is going to kind of be up to you. I'm not here to motivate you that, hey, you can really help so many people. And so that's why you're doing this. My goal is to show you the strategies and the and the techniques that are going to bring in the sales for you, and what actually gets people to purchase from you. Unfortunately, most of what makes a great coach makes a great trainer. Makes a great mentor, and that's everybody who's here does not make a great salesperson. Does not make you great at sales, and it actually can be a detriment. It can actually hurt your chances of getting sales. The very things that make you really, really good and personable to coaching people can make it harder for you to get people to buy from you and vice versa. Here's what's interesting. The interesting part about this people generally, I would I would argue I'm one of the exceptions on this one is something that my mom and I really made sure in our business, my mom mentored me in this and in our businesses that we do this is to be just laser focused, a laser beam when it comes to sales, but also fulfilling our promises high level customer service, having integrity. And unfortunately, in the coaching industry, there's not a lot of people that have integrity. There are people out there, I'm sure you, maybe you've worked with some of them, maybe you've seen some of them out there. And this is not a judgment. This is a fact. This is, I would say, like, if this is just me, oh, judging people. Oh, that would be maybe wouldn't want to do that. This is a fact. Most people that are in business, literally, they just. Want to make money, and they don't care who it hurts. They don't care. Does it have impact? Does it work? Does it produce a good product? I just want to pay my bills and get the kind of finances in my pocket that's luckily nobody here in our program, because we make sure that, first off, I would say, like that we are against that, that that is the very antithesis of the type of people that we have here, every single person that's here and and if somebody like, like, I've had a few people come in the program who are like that, and they did not last very long. And unfortunately, like years ago, I had some people, they would come in and I would talk all about talk all about sales a lot, and they're like, you're just about sales. You don't really care about people. And I'm like, You, if only you knew, if only you understood, the the the the pain sometimes that I feel for my clients, that I sit there and I can feel what they're going through. And I'm just like, if I could just kind of wake up some people and help them see and understand what I understand, they would be able to create the kind of income that they want to create. And so that's what I want to do here today, is I want to kind of shake your paradigm up a little bit. Here today, I want to help you see things from a perspective that is going to change the kind of sales that you're bringing in, no matter what industry you're in, whether you're a health coach, you're doing mental health coaching, you're doing life coaching, you help with Relationship Coaching, you do spiritual coaching, you do Christian coaching, you do healing, you do anything like that. And by the way, a lot of those niches frequently struggle when it comes to sales. Because if you're whether you're doing personal training, whether you're doing fitness, they struggle with those because we want to help people get results. We want to help people transform their life, get a transformation, change into the person that they want to be. The issue with that, though, is that people don't really want to change. Most people don't want to change. They don't want to change what they're doing. They don't want to change what they're doing. They don't they don't want to change their habits. Even inside of a program like this, even inside of a VIP program, people get comfortable in what they're used to. And when we tell people, hey, you need to do something different, it challenges the paradigm. It challenges the identity that people have, and so we got to learn how to persuade, how to motivate people, and how to get them to take action. Now there's a great book that I do recommend on persuasion that I haven't talked about as much. I always think back to it, though it's called never split the difference. By Chris Voss. And I love this book because it is is written by a FBI hostage negotiator, former FBI hostage negotiator, for talking anyone into or out of just about anything. Now you might say, oh my gosh, that sounds manipulative. It is if you don't have integrity. It is manipulative if you're doing it in a way where the person isn't agreeing to it themselves. What this is about, it's negotiation. And I love the angle that he takes in this book. Number one, you want the person to get to say no. First, not yes. You want people to identify what they don't want. You want to anchor something around the negative, not the positive. And let me explain this. I do this often in how I teach and how I mentor and how I do my sales pitches. One of them, I actually just did. I didn't even know I did it until I, like, just realized I just did it. I was sharing about the negativity of coaches that don't serve people really well. They don't produce results for people. Literally. That gets all everybody thinking, Yeah, I don't want to be that way. No, I don't want to be that way. No, I don't want to be don't want to be so what it is, it creates an internal agreement, okay, of what we don't want, and then that anchors it to where, what do we want, and the goal is behind this is that always the person, it's their decision to purchase what you're doing to to buy into what you are offering. And that's the goal, is getting the person whether it is a he talks about whether it's a terrorist that is about to blow up a building because he's had to deal with that. Talks about that. It's like a scary story that he talks about, but he talks about how he. Really humanized one of the most violently evil people. It's a crazy story. You gotta read it in the book. And literally got the person to agree to not do the thing that he was going to do, because he got to the heart of what was really motivating the person, and getting them to say, You know what? That's not what I really want, that's not what I want to do. And it's just, it's just amazing. So this is a great book on that topic. I'm not going to talk about necessarily the persuasion and sales side of things. So we don't want to be manipulative. We don't want to be somebody that is coercing people to do something that they don't really want to do. And that's the beautiful part about I think what that book talks about is it's really about getting to the heart and root of what does the person want that's really driving them. Anytime you are closing a sale, you're getting to the root of what the person really wants and what they desire, the only reason why people purchase anything is they have a desire of some kind. Every person who comes into my programs that buys our VIPs and buys any products that we sell, anything that we market with our clients that we work with, it's because that person truly desires the outcome. So anybody who's ever buying from you? Anybody who's ever purchasing your coaching? There has to be a belief that what I desire I'm going to get, and

[184:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: it has to be very clear right now, I am shopping for a and I'm going to share I'm going to segue this into the second part of what I wanted to teach you here today. So this story that I'm about to share with you makes sense, because it literally anchors the next thing that I'm going to share right now. We, we, we, we're upgrading our vehicles. We had one ram 1500 we traded it in for 2024, Ford Expedition Max. It's a beautiful SUV that my wife gets to drive around with the kids. But we still only have one vehicle. So I got to thinking, I want a second vehicle that is a sedan, it has a back seat I can put a car seat into. And what do I want? Do I want to get a maybe a Camaro or a Mustang? I want something that's a little sporty, something that's got some speed to it. And then I got to thinking, why am I looking at these vehicles? Why don't I just go with what I really want, a full self driving Tesla. And so I've been shopping for I actually just rented one. I got one in my driveway right now. I rented a full self driving Tesla. It's incredible. What it does literally drives you around a robot. Ai drives you around. It's amazing. I'm going to be buying one by the end of the month, and they have incredible lease deals. I'm not purchasing it, I'm leasing it, because I can literally get the lease for 250 bucks a month. I'm like, Okay, this is a no brainer. June is the best month to do this. So anyways, I'm getting a Tesla. What motivated me to do that? Well, I'm getting what I want out of this, but there's another factor to it, and the other factor that motivated me wasn't just that I'm getting what I want, the fact, the fact that it can drive me. My mom lives about an hour away from us. I don't really enjoy the drive down there, um, but I would like to go see her more often, maybe during the week, if we're working on a project. Now, the fact that I can, literally, when I get the car, I can sit in it, tell it to go to my mom's house and I don't have to drive, is amazing. And so I think it's so cool. But what else motivated me, and this is what I want to get to here today, is that oftentimes beyond just what somebody desires, we have to sweeten the deal. We have to figure out how to build urgency. We have to create an irresistible offer of urgency in the mind of the prospect that we're offering. So here's what I found out, June is always the best month to purchase these, to lease these. The prices are going to probably go up for another six months after this. They frequently do through why is June such an important month? Because of Tesla's stock shareholder sales, they're trying to get their sales numbers up, type of a thing. They already reached out to me. They tried to get me to buy the car yesterday, to try to get to buy it today. Um, they're, they're trying to, they're trying to encourage me to make sure that I don't even wait till next week to purchase this thing. And they're following up with me every single day, multiple times a day, to make sure of it. And by the way, it's not annoying. They're helping serve my questions. They're answering my questions about the process. They're doing a really, really good job of it. They're very well trained. I'm impressed by by the whole sales process. So it's, it's, it's, it's incredible. And what it is is that there was, there's urgency built there. I'm not waiting until six months down the. Or three months down the road, I am going to, by the end of the month, take action, because there's a deadline, and it's not a fake deadline. And if you actually I've I watched a bunch of YouTube videos. I validated this. I proved it. I asked perplexity. I asked AI, does Tesla's sales really expire and then you gotta wait like six months to get a good deal. Sometimes you got to wait a year. Right now is one of the best deals they've offered in five years. A big part of it is it's coming off of that big drop that happened in the stock market in April. They're trying to boost everything to keep it amplified right now. So it's like benefit if you're thinking about getting a Tesla, okay, now I'm selling all you guys. I'm buying a Tesla right now. See what I'm saying. So the urgency now gets built. There's an irresistible deadline. There's high level bonuses. I can get full self driving at a discount. I can get all this type of stuff. And there's a critical moment where if somebody doesn't take action, there is a consequence of some kind, whether it be the price going up, that's one of the easiest ones that you can do, whether it be the a discount that is expiring, whether it be something that's going to motivate people to take action right away. And that's why I've always used deadlines, usually within like a three to five day deadline, because you want to tap into the emotion of the purchase. You want to tap into the emotion, the feeling that somebody is having that is going to get them to buy what it is that you are offering. And so yes, that's exactly what it's funny the Trump feud, the stock hit, yeah, well, I actually made about $4,000 this week on that. So that was awesome. When it dropped. I traded it like a bunch of times as it went back up. So I was pretty happy when a stock drops. If you know what you're doing, you make some good money with that. I'm going to take part of that, and that's going to be part of the the money to buy the Tesla Tesla Tesla's stock, helping me buy it. So there we go. But that's what we want to do. We want to sweeten the deal in a way that goes beyond just the awareness, just beyond, well, you know, if you're interested, if this is something that you want, that people actually take action, because there's a psychology here. And you want to shift from being this. We want to get out of our mind. I don't want to be a manipulative, pushy salesperson. Can I tell you this? You're not going to be. I'm not going to be. None of us are going to what I want you to look at is, I want you to get a word in your mind when it comes to sales, is concierge. And the idea behind concierge, I was looking for the word last week, when we were talking about this, was like, is it hand holding? Is that, I think concierge is the word is that you are there providing a high level service that gives everything that somebody desires. You're not a used car salesperson. You are an elite luxury concierge to somebody's hopes and dreams and their desires to help take them to the next level. What that does is that anchors your authority, that anchors your ability to say, Listen, I'm here to help you get more of what you want, and I'm not here to push you to do so. I'm not here to manipulate you. I'm actually somebody who is leading the charge, and I'm leading you to accomplish something greater than you could on your own. And now check this out, a coach that puts on a concierge sales hat. Think about that like it elevates when I think about that, I am a sales concierge. I am a concierge to my clients, all of my marketing to help them get more of what they want and what they desire. As a coach, as a mentor, our goal is to give people more of what they desire, to help them go from where they are to where they want to be. And you gotta get you gotta really learn how to figure out what people desire. Don't assume that you know all the desires that everybody has, because often times people feel nervous and embarrassed to even share what some of those desires are. And when, when you get down to it, and you can listen to what somebody really truly wants, what's really motivating them, what's really driving them, what's really helping them make that decision. And you listen, and you listen carefully to what they want. You can mirror those things back to your prospect. And what this does is. This elevates your level of positioning and authority. If you are somebody who gives people exactly what they desire,

[322:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: you do so in a luxury concierge way, you are amplifying your level of authority, positioning the trust that people have in you, and they believe that they are going to get this and so think about this. If you've ever been in a sales experience, I know that, like in our program, that's exactly what I've I strive to do. That's exactly what we work on. I tend to not go into the like over delivering side of things. The word over delivering can sometimes go into some of our fears and worries over deliver automatically on what somebody wants, but just deliver on what they want, what they desire. There's not enough coaches out there that even give people what they want, and so like I found that striving to over deliver can actually hurt us a little bit because we're not working on the right things. We're working more on valid validating ourselves, rather than serving somebody else. If that makes sense, when we're when we're so focused on over delivering, we're focused more on people's opinions of us. And here's the problem with that, is it can really snowball. Is if you over deliver here, as in a in a coaching business, people then expect over delivery every single step of the way. And at some point that's going to explode and blow up, because there's a limit to how much you can over deliver on in a coaching atmosphere. So just deliver on what you promise, and you will knock the socks off of all of your clients. I promise you that, and like that's a shift in your paradigm as well. Is to do that. So what we want to do is we want to figure out, how can we build some urgency? There's, there's, there's two just really powerful ways that I love to do it that are simple, bonuses and deadlines. And this is what I've done the most, is bonuses and deadlines. We talk about how you can, like you can, do all these things and stuff like that in your business, but let's keep it simple. That's what I want to that's what I want to do, is I want to keep this simple for everybody here, figure out how to schedule in that every time that you have a sales interaction that you put a deadline onto it. You, if you're doing a one on one sales call, I've done this before, I tell the person, well, this offer is available till Friday. Okay, could I extend the offer? Sure, sometimes I do, but I but I want that urgency. I want that person to know that if they don't take action, and here's what I'm gonna tell you, when you when I don't do that, because I tried this, I tried not having deadlines. I tried being like, Well, yeah, I would love to have you join. Just click here, go register, take action nine times out of 10, the person doesn't do anything. They don't ever purchase they don't ever become a client. They don't ever move forward, even if it checks all the boxes over here. But as soon as you add that deadline to it, the chances of them taking action and actually doing something are powerful. And here's the thing, as a coach and mentor, we're dealing with people that are chronically procrastinating. That's none of us, right, none of us at all. Tongue in cheek, I'm joking, I procrastinate probably way more than all you do as well. So we're, we intrinsically, as coaches, even deal with major procrastination issues, and our clients do as well. And it's one of those things. It's like, it's a it's an illness and a disease that all of us kind of deal with, unless you are directly a procrastination coach, and even then, I would be willing to bet that there's places that a procrastination coach procrastinates in. It's just something that we do in the in our world today, we're so distracted and all this episode going on, so we need something that gets people to take action, to say, okay, by Friday at midnight, I'm going to register this offer is not going to be available. And when you put a deadline, I put deadlines on my consulting contracts, high level consulting, 10 grand a month. You want me to help you build everything out hands on 10 grand a month? Well, this offer is available until two weeks from now. Okay, you got, you got two weeks to make a decision. I'm going to follow up a week before then see where we're at and nine times out of 10, it just, it helps close the deal. It helps move it forward, even if the price remains the same or moves forward. Having some kind of a deadline gets people to take action, especially in the online space. Okay, and so you want to do that, there's a really great tool that I just I, I absolutely love. Um. I used to code this stuff myself back in the day. Now, with AI, it is easy to code stuff. You don't need to code stuff yourself anymore, ever. This is a great tool that is called deadline funnel. It's a lot it's a little like piece of code that you add to your website, and it just adds a nice countdown timer to whatever offer is that you have, and it's unique for every person. So let's say somebody comes in on Monday, their countdown timer ends on Thursday. Okay? If somebody comes in on Thursday, their countdown timer ends on Sunday. And it's unique to the person. It the behind the scenes. It tags their IP address, which is like their internet browser history and their internet connection it has, so any device they're on is going to see the deadline. It tags their email, so all the emails have the deadline, and so all of that is consistent. And so that's why I love this, because it creates real deadlines where you can actually, literally close the doors on your offers, and that's how I use it, as I will, I'll, I'll run, you know, ads to webinars. We're working on a brand new webinar right now called The Art of lead getting I thought it was a little play on the art of the deal. I just, I was thinking about that the art of the deal. That's still such a great title for a book, The Art of lead getting I'm gonna make my opt in offer is gonna be all about that, getting leads in your business. So in this look, I have a deadline right here. It's a 10 Minute deadline to opt in. Now nothing actually happens when this timer ends, but I found an increase in about 20% of my opt ins just by having this time around here. So I'm getting 20% more people by having this little time around here. I'm going to do it, and then when somebody registers on here, they have a they have three days to watch this. And I've noticed this becoming a trend more and more in the marketing and coaching industry. I saw a major, a really big, famous marketer, hundreds of millions of dollars in clients and all that. And now they're, they're doing this whole thing where it's like, you get set you get 48 hours to watch his his training, every every free offer that he has is now a 48 hour access pass, which I thought was really cool. I think I'm probably might change them my language on this to say, get a 48 hour access pass to watch this. It's kind of like they're renting it for 48 hours, kind of like when you rent a movie, like, if I go rent Lord of the Rings on Apple TV, look at this. If I go rent Lord of the Rings on Apple TV, I'll show you this right here. People are, people are used to how all this works. So if I could say, Okay, I'm gonna go watch this on Apple TV. Uh oh, it doesn't. It doesn't have the rental pricing on here. Does it? Well, normally, like, if you go rent a movie or something, I'm uh,

[449:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's see, is it for rent on Amazon? Oh, it's included with prime. Of course it is. Rent it. Here you go. You got 48 hours to finish it once you start it. Yep. So the whole idea of like renting a video or something for 48 hours, people are used to and so that's what, that's what I like to do with my free offers, is create some urgency around that, where people can watch it for two or three days, and then they have to take action. And then what I do is I tie my deadline to that. The reason why I do three days is three days is strategically, the most tested time with a webinar that works the best. It gives people three days to decide after they watch a webinar with you, to take action, to become a customer, to purchase from you. Okay, so that's a great tool that helps you with that. If you're doing a live event, like a live challenge, you can literally just end the event on Friday, have the deadline be on Monday or Tuesday, something simple like that, close the doors, open the doors, or you can have expiring bonuses. You have bonuses that you offer that they can't get later you have and how do you create a bonus? It's very easy. Take your main program that you have. You could go into chat, GPT, and you could say, here's what I offer. Generate me 20 ideas for bonuses that I can use to sweeten my deal, for my offer. And so it could literally be like a template for my best AI prompts. This is like bonuses that I could do. It could be a simple graphic outline fill in the blank, Canva that you can use to take action, to get clarity on your offer or your business. It can be one bonus training, literally just a 40 minute video, a 20 minute video, a 10 Minute extra video that they get that literally. Now here's another way you can do bonuses. You literally take something that you're already going to offer people and you just turn it into a bonus. You. You can say, Okay, this is something I'm offering. Now it's a bonus, so now it amplifies that level right there. And then you can have it to where, if you don't register by this time, you don't get that bonus. And so by doing this, this encourages people to take action. And then what I like to do as I like to have my different assets that are going to help encourage this, I'll have posts on social media that mentioned the deadline. I'll have retargeting Facebook ads that mention the deadline. By the way, these are very valuable. These are really cheap to run. They're one of the most important ads that we run is that if I'm running a campaign, I want to retarget the offer just because I made them an offer, and just because I'm sending them an email is not enough. Having retargeting ads for the offer drives the sale much more effectively. And I'll run those sometimes for just five to $10 a day, really, really cheap for like, three or four days, and I'll get way more sales by doing that every single time. And then you want to have, like, your emails. You want to send out an email on each day, morning and afternoon, and even on the last day you want to send an email out like three hours before the midnight deadline, letting people know, okay, you got three hours left to purchase. This offer expires then. And what this does is this moves people out of this vagueness, this vague idea of, okay, the doors are open. Here's the deadline. We're opening the doors. You can take action whenever you want to. There's a concrete, specific time that people have to register. There's a specific time to get those bonuses. And then what that does is that translates into people taking action and becoming a client of yours. We want to move out of passive. We want to move out of just simply building awareness and into this concierge sale where we provide extras and we encourage the sale. We create urgency, and we make it important and a priority to the person to take action now instead of later. And even if we do this, people will still wait. They'll wait four to six months. I know, because everybody who follows me still does the same thing. But here's the thing, even if I if I didn't have deadlines like that, people would probably never even join anything. They wouldn't even register. So understand that in the coaching industry, this is an important thing to do. It's going to get you better results, and you're going to be glad that you did. Now I want to take some questions here, maybe on what we talked about, maybe talk through some of the logistics of this with you. Anybody who has any questions, maybe raise your hand how this might look. Maybe any concerns that you have, maybe any thoughts that you might have on the process. Have you have? I know Karen has her landing page too. We want to review as well. So again, raise your hand. Let's take some questions here today. And this is, this is exactly, I think, what's going to help drive a lot more of the sales that you have. Michelle, what's going on? Michelle,

[532:17] Michelle Plucinsky: hello, I'm walking the dog. So no camera. Okay, so you post it for 48 hours. How? How do you Where are you posting it? They can watch for 48 hours. And how do you turn it off? Do you have to monitor each individual, separate?

[536:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: No. So deadline funnel, does

[536:45] Speaker 0: that got it? It puts the it. I put the video on a page.

[537:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a page, and then I tell deadline, okay, here's the page, and I want this page to redirect to a different page after 48 hours. So, so that's what that's what it does, is when somebody registers. And by the way, like for setting up deadline funnel, I didn't even mention this, like for the setup process. I actually did break it down in one of the courses, two things I'm going to actually help you with on here. Number one, Evergreen marketing funnel secrets. I broke down how to use deadline funnel right here in lesson three of evergreen marketing funnel secrets under intermediate courses. And then we just started a new course here this week. It's not in the members area yet, but I am starting a brand new course right now. I just recorded the first lesson of it, and it's going to be all about this process. Here's the here's the graphic for it. Let me go find the graphics. You can see it

[557:36] Speaker 0: a special learners. Thank you for that. Yeah,

[558:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's called the automated six figure blueprint. But six figure business. Print, hands free, profit, 24/7 so this is going to be an updated I'm going to be replacing, in the Start Here section, the total online six figure roadmap. If you notice, this one talks a lot about, like, doing live events and live challenges. The same framework is kind of there, but I'm re I'm readjusting, and I'm kind of combining, like four or five of the courses together, improving it. I recorded this one last year, so this is going to be an updated version on that. And I'm going to break down deadline funnel. I'm going to break down doing evergreen funnels and all of that for that. And that's going to be kind of our main course for this program when people come in. And the main one that I direct everybody to. So this one is still great, still has all the great information. If you're looking for a step by step, like, what do I do first? What do I do next to build out my offer? This is still that course, but that's what we're doing right now in this one, as I'm updating it, to do it for all this evergreen stuff that we've done so that we don't have to watch two different courses. Because, like, right now, there's the course that's in there, there's the Evergreen funnel secrets, and then you gotta watch the other one, and you gotta do that. So I'm bringing it all into one and making it a lot simpler, and it's gonna be a lot shorter as well, a lot less time to have to watch through everything. I figured out how to do that and how to how to get that across like I just recorded the first lesson last night and let me see. I'm going to, I'm going to look right here. First lesson last night, foundations of online business, setting up your Yeah. So I covered pretty much what's in lessons one through 340. 46 minutes, an hour long, 41 minutes. So that's a lot of info that I'm sharing. I cover most of what you need to know in a 25 minute video. Now that covers that. So the idea is it's going to be a lot less lessons, but it's going to pack more of the punch that you guys are looking for.

[593:06] Michelle Plucinsky: I love it. And I want to ask this to one of my friends had $1,000 coaching program now she's doing $34 a month. Do you see that changing to more of a month by month versus a big program? Is that a trending thing?

[597:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, I think, I think having your program being a month to month is still, is still a great thing to do. Also just depends on what's their niche, what are they offering? What's the market willing to pay for that? Um, if it's 30, like, if it's $34 a month, she's

[602:46] Michelle Plucinsky: a flower farmer. So she's looking at, you know, they might stay on for a couple months and then jump off, but

[604:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: she's, does she have an upsell that she's offering that's still $1,000

[605:43] Speaker 0: yeah, yeah. Okay,

[606:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep. So that's exactly the process that everybody's doing, is you kind of have, like, a lower tier and then you have an upper tier that you're doing is that?

[608:47] Speaker 0: Yeah, she did well with that. It's interesting.

[609:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: My lower tier is $197 a month. My upper tier is $900 a month. And it's more my industry and my niche that I'm in

[611:35] Speaker 0: for that, yeah, that makes

[612:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: sense. But the the, the then I have like events too that I might do that are $7 so I'll do, I have a live challenge that I'll be doing. It's gonna be a $7 paid live challenge. I'm probably not going to have, I'm not going to have courses that are like $35 I don't really find necessarily the full benefit of that. Well, what I might do is, if I sell a course that's $37 or $35 I'm not going to do a $35 a month membership, but what I would do is I would offer maybe a 27 or $35 course that's essentially just a pre recorded challenge. It's a lot of the same content that I might deliver in a challenge, but it's pre recorded in a course like that. So I've still thought about doing that, adding that into my ecosystem, but I don't see the I don't necessarily see the benefit right now to

[627:11] Michelle Plucinsky: it. Yeah, I think in your space, I do another one. Sean Cannell canal from YouTube, and so he's been doing a free webinar maybe twice a month, pulls this team in, edits it every time, but then it's still an upsell to a 909 75 course,

[631:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: and that's about in the coaching space. And the in that is where that's usually where that that lines up with the price

[633:13] Speaker 0: point. Yeah, yeah. That makes sense. Okay. Thank you. So

[634:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, having an on demand, like a webinar like that. And I think I might, I might explore that. It's funny that used to annoy me, the whole like, it's available at any time, and you can register type webinar. But I think I went through a couple of those recently, and I think some people might like that. And also, the reason why it's like that is it creates that urgency still,

[639:20] Michelle Plucinsky: yeah, and he's got a team, like, he'll pop. On for an hour. Then his team gives away prizes and does all the shit, and then he comes back. Here's another little nugget of wisdom, and then he jumps off. So for the way he's building his company,

[642:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, yeah, yep, anything that you can do to automate a lot of that is super helpful.

[644:00] Speaker 0: Yeah, trains his team, yep,

[644:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep. For me, I find that people in my space, they want access to me. So I figure out, how can I give access to me without me having to be on all the time? And so that's what I look for.

[649:08] Michelle Plucinsky: Yes, I'm following your guide too. I'm going to be like you. I don't want a whole team. Yeah,

[651:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. I, when it comes to, like, coaching and this stuff, I think it's, I think it's definitely a harder thing for that. What I, what I do have, though, with my VIPs, can resell my courses. So it is one thing I do offer that to my VIPs, the ability to resell all my courses. So, but yes, taking action, having some kind of a bonus and things like that is, is super helpful, one of the so let me break down just real quick, step by step, because I think some of you this is going to help in your business. We have this is where somebody starts from. Okay, this is a little starting block. And this could be somebody who they they know you, or they don't know who you are. They might have followed you, but they're not in your necessarily, your your your funnel, your ecosystem, all that for your business. Then what they do is they come in through a door right here, and in through that door is some kind of video content that you're going to be delivering to them. Now, it could be a PDF and a video. It could be a series of videos. This it doesn't really matter as much, but it's some way that they can consume a piece of video content that they have to go through a door for. And this door can look different. It can either be free. They give you the name and email address, or it could be paid. It could cost $7 it could cost $37 it could cost $97 to come through that door. Either way, whatever is on the front door, that's the that's the cover charge, right? Think about that. Think about it like, okay, we're walking into a a building and there's a cover charge to come in. That's essentially what it is. That's, it's free cover. You just got to show your ID at the door, everything. I used to, I used to, I used to DJ in nightclubs and stuff. And so we would do this all the time. Sometimes we would charge a cover if, like, we didn't think a lot of people would come out. So we would charge a cover to make it seem more exclusive. It's actually interesting. If there is a cover charge, there's either one of two things. There's either not a lot of people coming out, or there's way too many people coming out. One of the one of the do, if it's if it's free, it's just come one come all type of thing. So that's really essentially what our front end marketing is is on social media with advertisements and content. We're letting people know about coming in and accessing this content right here, and that's really what we end up marketing to people. And then from here, we end up taking them to say, okay, maybe like this. This is awesome, but let's go to the after party. I think it's so funny. I'm sharing this in, like, the the rave nightclub world that I used to be in, like 15 years ago. You go to the after party, and that's $2,000 to go. Okay, this is $2,000 and this is where you really, unfortunately, in the in the party world, it's like, that's where all the that's where all the good drugs are. Let's not do that in our businesses. But what we're talking about right here is like, this is where you get more of what you want more, of what you desire more. And it's so funny how this framework literally fits in, whether it be nightclubs or coaching businesses. It's literally the same psychology. It's the same thing, okay? And that's when that's essentially what it is. That's probably where I was able to translate a lot of what we used to do in nightclubs. I was able to translate this over to the business, I never sold any drugs. Just so you all know, I was always the one hanging out. I didn't even do any I just drank a lot of alcohol. That was my big that was my drug of choice. I drink a lot of alcohol. So, just so y'all are aware, not a former drug dealer, I was always more like, I want to make people happy, and I just want them to have fun. Type of things my focus. Just want to put that little disclaimer there on that. But this is exactly like what we're doing in our businesses, is we're taking somebody from a starting point where they get an interest in what is offered over here, that's our freebie. That's our our. Entry level product, and then this is where we can provide that value. And there's some value in there, but the goal of it is to take people to whatever we're offering over here. And by the way, I always like to break down, if it's $2,000 break it down into a monthly cost, 197 bucks a month, 150 bucks a month. If it's $1,000.97 bucks a month. So 97 bucks a month, yes, it does add to $1,200 so the idea is, you can sweeten it by saying, Oh, it's $1,000 if you pay up front or it's 97 bucks a month, gonna make payments. And sometimes people even sweeten it even better is this is where it's like, oh, this is a really fancy deal. You can say, like, okay, it's 97 bucks a month. Normally it's $1,000 if you want to pay upfront. But for the next 72 hours, you can get the whole year for 597 so now you're getting it for half off if you pay for a whole year upfront. Now that becomes an irresistible offer to get everything that somebody is wanting. Okay, and so what, what you gotta do is you gotta move people directly, guide them. Be that concierge. You know what? I now just thought about this a better example than nightclubs, hotels, resorts, resort hotels, they come in, right? You got the the valet parking, 20 bucks. We gotta we got a great resort here in Round Rock called Kalahari. Oh my gosh, it's amazing. We love it has a water park, it has a Video Game Station, it's got an amazing hotel. It just has tons of restaurants. I mean, it is cool. It's one of the coolest places, and it's literally only 15 minutes away from our house. We're probably going to rent a cabana there pretty soon and go take the family and hang out there for a day. It's awesome. So, like, they got different entry level price points. You could just pay valet and come in the door and hang out and have fun. If you want to go to the water park, okay, got to pay a little bit more. It's $100 if you want to do the the buffet meal, it's $50 if you want to get a hotel room, it's, you know, $300 if you want a cabana, it's $500 if you want spa services. Okay, now we're up to $1,000 see, maybe even $2,000 for the high level spa service. So all of this, if they have boutique clothing stores in business, you can literally see how the model of what we do in our coaching businesses and the idea of a concierge salesperson translates in every industry, from buying cars to resort hotels to nightclubs to country clubs, whatever you whatever. I'm sure you guys could think of like 100 better examples than this, but understand that that's all we're doing. And so when we end up over complicating this process in our mind, where we're like, oh, it's so I just, I don't know all the steps. I got to record the videos, and I got to do the VSL here, and I got to record this training right here. I got to put together the landing page and all that. Yes, I'm not minimizing the fact that that can be overwhelming. It absolutely can, and that's why, like, if you're working with me, I want to help guide you and move you through those things, and help make it 10 times easier for you to get those things accomplished. If you're in my VIP program, please, like, reach out at any step where you're stuck, and I'm there to help you get unstuck. Show me where you're stuck. Show me what part of the landing page. Show me what part of what you're dealing with. Where are you stuck in the VSL process, whatever that is, whatever part of that, we can, we can, I can help you find people that can help you do those things even, okay, there's no point of getting stuck. So like now you can see that's me being the concierge, helping you reach your goals more often. And that's exactly what I do with my clients. Whether you're a high level consulting client, $10,000 a month, or you are coming in and getting a free webinar from me, I'm still going to have that same level of service at each different tier and level that people come in. And let's think about this. We talk about this being like a value ladder. I think that that like totally sell short what we're actually doing here in our businesses. It really does, because a value ladder like, That's so like, I think that's so old school and kind of cliche. And I think we need to come up with, like, a better term than a value ladder. Like, hey, you got the free content here, and it's a ladder that you go up. It's not a ladder. It's literally, is more like this experience that people get to come into and they get everything they've ever imagined and hoped for, depending on what you're offering, right? You're not offering every hope and dream that somebody has, but whatever that is specifically like. So if you're doing relationship coaching, like, like, I. Uh, like, like, Doctor Wade Arnold here, um, if you're, if you're doing, you know, you're helping people that have dealt with narcissistic abuse. And like Adele does, whatever that is, is you're helping guide people from where they are to the thing that they really, truly desire. And then we the all of the little marketing pieces that we do. The intention of that is to remove you from having to do it one to one with every person, to where it becomes the ability where you can automate a lot of this process, where you can automate a lot of this sequence in here. Hey, Steve, how's it going? Buddy?

[811:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Haven't seen Steve on here for a while. Steve always gets the the emails and the links to jump in. Sometimes he shows up. Steve and I work with Georgie and banoff. We've been working together for oh, what's it? Couple years, while ago, 2020, 18, I think, yeah, yeah. So, yeah. He does consulting and media and and does different what are some, what are the lot of the things that you do, Steve, you do a lot of stuff. You got a whole, whole brand and everything,

[820:53] Speaker 1: yeah, yeah. We're, well, similar to you were consulting, we're a media marketing company, yeah, but we have a different infrastructure, because we are media across the whole realm. So some days, will consult real, high level media stuff, and then other days, we're on TV, radio, all media as well as social So,

[827:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: yep, yep, but we're good friends. Yep, definitely. So yeah, you, you've worked with a lot of people that I think a lot of people on this call would recognize,

[829:51] Speaker 1: too, yes.

[830:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, um, alright. Well, hey, any other, any other questions here that anybody has as far as this process goes, and what we've been, what we've been talking about, anything that we can do to kind of can do to kind of help alleviate maybe some of the sticking points that you might have around this that would help anywhere where you might be stuck on this, this process, I like to say, go big picture and Get out of the like the weeds of, oh, that's so complicated to try to figure out, and everything like that big part of it. Steve, you unmuted yourself. What's

[841:14] Speaker 1: up? Oh, so what sort of video are you using once you come through your door? What's the, the best? How you making that as a selfie or No, I'm

[844:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: just doing it on my on my computer here. So, like, like, I have these webinars right here. This one's on Instagram ads strategy. And so then this is an opt in right here. And I use AI to put together the sales copy, so we're not thinking too hard here. This is an AI generated photo, right i I'm using AI at every level on all this. And then we got testimonies, and then the opt in is right here. So then when somebody opts in, it takes them to here, and then this is, it's like, watch this. And I, and truthfully, I, like, completely just copied what Tony Robbins had on his opt ins. Tony Robbins and degraziosi, they had this same, like, almost exact word for word for their offers were like this, so it's just, like, real urgency. Okay, go watch this, and then they get the content by going to their email. And then that content is a webinar that's 40 minutes long. It's a 42 minute long webinar, and they have three days to watch it. So the training will only be available for three days, nine hours and two minutes, and then we got the testimonies and stuff, everything right there as well. And so then there's a deadline as well. Attached to that. Here's a different webinar. This is the Evergreen webinar. So this one right here, access to training. Hey, hey, what's up? This is just in Vimeo right here. And so, like, I'm keeping this real simple. Set my desk. I just do a screen share, and I record like this, and then I do a sales pitch about halfway through, and I talk about what my offer is. And then I had like chat GPT, write me up some code that pops up the purchase link about halfway through so, and then that goes to my my offer should go to my offer. Why is it not working? I. Oh, there we go. So then the offer is right there. We got the deadline funnel with the countdown timer right there. And then this offer is only available for three days as well. If somebody tries to access it after the three days, they see this page. Our previous offer is expired. Enrollment is closed. So anytime somebody comes to my website to find my coaching. They're always going to see the offer is closed. It's not available if they come in through a webinar, though, which is right here, free evergreen marketing class, it opens up the door to them, and it allows them to join the program. I also have a, like a VSL version right here. I have a couple of different versions that I have that are out there. So, like this. One's a how I onboard 20 new clients a month. Make 100k with one offer no sales calls or cold DMS. Use this to rake in 10 to 25,000 a month. And so this is just a simple VSL that I give instant access to, which is, it's 22 minutes long, and it's, again, it's just a direct shot over to my program, all of my YouTube videos, all of my YouTube videos. See like it's all my Tesla videos I've been watching. I was telling Steve about the the Tesla deal that I was looking at the other day. So all my YouTube videos have in the description, they all link to that offer right there. They link to this evergreen offer right there. They link to my Instagram so people can opt in by coming through my YouTube. They can do that, or I'll run ads to those different offers. And then that's where I can actually make the the main offer to that. And then once somebody's in the inside of this program, this one's $197 a month. I have a $900 a month, is the current price VIP program that I offer. So like, uh, dr, Wade Arnold is in that program. Karen is in there. Uh, Kiko is in there as well. We have uh, David is also in there too. So that's, that's, that's what we that's how we do that. Steve, yep, but yeah, the video is just a video of me sharing some content, and then there's uh, I just take my sales letter and I just screen, share down the sales letter and just talk it, talk it out through that, and It works really well. So see Wade. What's going on? Dr Wade, how are you?

[924:16] Speaker 3: Hey, you make me feel really important with the doctor thing. Yeah, I'll say, well, thank you. It's very generous. GHL just added the countdown timer to their offering, so I haven't worked with it, but I've seen it a couple of times, and it's, I'm a I have several watch leaders on YouTube to figure out how it works, but that's a pretty cool thing. And then I was reading Dan Kennedy's book last night, and he talked about the urgency thing, and one of the ways that he's done it is have the different price tiers, like the early bird, the regular price, and then the at the door price, which, I don't know if you've had success in this pro in that

[936:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: for events, we have had a lot of success with that. Yeah. So it just depends on, like, if you're doing an event of some kind, that can work, you know what? And I'm thinking about that as you're saying that I like even doing that for like, Am I doing a paid challenge at $7 having different pricing tiers, Early Bird and all that, for a live challenge? That's actually a great idea for any sort of live well.

[943:03] Speaker 3: So my part of my question is like, and we'll we can talk more about it tomorrow, but I was in in trying to get groups started in my space, yeah, thinking about a cohort model, okay? And starting groups like every month, and if they know it's coming, then there's not necessarily the urgency, unless we can figure out, like, Okay, why is now the time and writing some copy around that, and then add on top of that a layer of all right, we're going to start the first whatever day of the month. And then if you register early before, say, the 15th, you get at this rate. And then if you register after the 15th, it goes up by whatever, you know, 25% 50% whatever might be,

[956:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that's really common to do something like that. Have the price go up when you do that. Okay, yeah, that's exactly all right, how you want to do that. And I just, I find it does. It motivates people to take. Action. It seems so silly, almost like, from our perspective, it really seems very silly, but it works like, it works like so good that it almost doesn't even make sense how good it works, yeah. And so that's just, that's definitely something to like, to utilize is deadlines like that, have the price point go up or change and things like that. Yep, this book is really good here. It's one of my favorite books on writing a sales letter. How far did you get into it?

[970:10] Speaker 3: I'm about two thirds of the way through it. Or so I put it down for a week just, you know, we traveled the week before last, and then I had all my clients crunched up into four days. That was horrendous last week. So I'm back on it now.

[974:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, awesome, yeah. I know they have, let's see they have fixed. Oh, dynamic adjust per content, yeah. So they do have pretty much the whole functionality of deadline funnel now built right into go high level. That's very cool,

[978:45] Speaker 3: which is crazy when it's included with go high level in the price point for just the lead or the website that you mentioned, yeah, yeah, that's great. It's a really, they're adding, they're going to have to raise their price at some point. They're

[983:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: adding a lot of value in there. That's awesome. Yeah, yeah. Go high level is great. It's a great tool, no matter what tool people use. I think, yeah, I think go high level, it's a little more complicated, because I like Squarespace, I find it's a lot easier. People aren't super savvy with building stuff out, but go high level in Squarespace, probably my two favorite to build out stuff on. No, all right, let's see any other any Karen, we were supposed to review your Yeah,

[991:42] Speaker 5: yeah, I'm here. Yeah. Okay, awesome.

[993:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, I wasn't ignoring you. I just forget.

[994:05] Speaker 5: Well, in it, in the the sales page I our landing page I shared, is for groups, and I kind of like what Wade just said about, you know, like, if you register by a certain time, here's like, early bird price,

[997:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yep, yeah. You take a look at this.

[999:33] Speaker 5: And I mean, and that's next level. I didn't even think about like the websites, like the pages that are directly off my website, like they should be closed, and then they should get in through a

[1002:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, yeah, yeah. So having, having all these different groups, this becomes

[1003:37] Speaker 5: that's too much a lot for people. Okay, so just the parenting one, yeah,

[1004:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, having this many different groups, because you can, you could include all of these extra trainings and stuff like, you could include trainings on these different topics, yeah, as bonuses.

[1008:09] Speaker 5: Okay, okay, yup,

[1009:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: so and then again, yeah, for what, what we're finding it for the parenting. Definitely do that. I think that. I think the sales copy on here needs a little bit more work, working on, okay, some of the sales copy, we need some more different visuals here. I'm not sure about like using this purple tone on all the images too. Okay, we can use it as kind of an accent, but and then this cursive writing is kind of hard to read as well. Okay, so not, not trying to pick on you at all. I'm just saying that those are definitely some things that can

[1019:20] Speaker 5: I'm here to change, you know,

[1020:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and that's why, like, I say, just the best kind of sales pages and sales letters that are out there. Just take a look at when it comes, like, from a design perspective, take a look at some of the different offers that I have, that I've created, and just kind of model like, how about how those are broken down? And then here's where like, so for this, let's expand upon these a little bit more and tell the story a little bit more. Okay, so each of these sections can be expanded upon to to write more text, and that's where the AI can kind of help you. So we come up with this, we can have the AI expand each section out. Okay? So like, let me, let me just try this out here real quick. It's kind of an ebb and flow with the AI. How do we do this? Take a look at this. Paste it in there. They're gonna say, Yes, take each section. Can you expand this section of the sales copy and make it more? Oh, look. It's even starting to write it already.

[1043:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: It will take that part right there. We'll have to make it more storytelling, expand upon to connect. I

[1046:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, that's that's a lot more expanded than I would do. I'll say, Whoa, I don't need a whole novel. Just a just a decent, short paragraph or two. Think about a sales letter for an attention starved audience coming off social media, here we go. I always, I always try to, like, keep that in mind. Like, the attention span of a reader off social media is really low, chaos at home, of tantrums, teen rolling their eyes, draining every ounce of your patients. You don't need another 200 page parenting book. You need quick wins. This small group will give you bite size, science back strategies, calling your kids in minutes, even if the sensitive ones, and inside the live coaching a tight knit parent squad of 24/7 support cheat sheet, tools you can screenshot and use on the fly. So, so that's kind of a little bit longer, okay, that's helpful. So that's, that's something that I like to do with the AI is all like, okay, pump the brakes. Let's change that. Adjust it. Okay, yeah.

[1066:10] Speaker 5: Okay, right. Thank you. Yes.

[1067:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Paint the picture in their in their mind. Yeah. Dell's like, I like that. Copy a lot more. Yeah, exactly. So it kind of expanded upon this. Like, whether it's tantrums with teens, you're feeling stuck, unsure how we kind of expanded it out to telling more of a specific story. Do teens throw temper tantrums. I don't remember if me being a

[1073:02] Speaker 5: teenager, no, but it's um, they're challenging in their own way.

[1074:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, man, my little, my little two and a half year old, he knows how to throw a temper tantrum, that's for sure. And then we're learning how to help, help, help him learn how to regulate his emotions. So he's learning how to, though, it's great to see like, like, he's learning if he sits and he like breathes, you know, like, he doesn't have to like, he like, He'll calm down, and then he'll say, I'm frustrated. Oh, wow. So he's like, yeah, like, two years old, we're teaching him all this type of understanding what's so

[1084:16] Adele Best: blessed to have a trauma informed daddy, yeah, my wife and I, he'll have a nerve regulate his nervous system by five. Yeah,

[1086:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: we'll see. Um, okay, it's a little, it's a little harder on my wife. She She sometimes gets really overwhelmed with it. She's like, you need to deal with him. I'm like, Alright, come here, buddy, what's going on? I just like, talk to him. And he's like, so I'm kind of the one that kind of helps walk him through so that. But she's, she's getting, my wife's getting a lot better at it too. She's learning a lot of stuff. She's it's been a, been a learning experience for both of us, because obviously we didn't have kids before. So,

[1095:48] Adele Best: yeah, I find, I find the two to threes, the temper and temper tantrums, very, very triggering

[1098:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: for myself. Yeah, my wife finds it the same way I I don't find it very triggering to me. I think I can detach well. And I'd say that's a blessing, probably, where I have to be careful is that I don't totally disconnect. And then my wife, like sometimes that's I'll get triggered if she's getting triggered, if my wife isn't being triggered, then that ends up shutting me down. And she's like, Okay, now you're zoning out. And you're like, I'm just like this. I'm like, so then I gotta snap out of it. I'm like, Alright, hey guys. Like, it's, it's, we're learning how to do all that, you know, so how to navigate all that. But it's been, it's been fun, all right. Oh, Dr, Wade has to go get lunch. Oh, you wouldn't got lunch. Awesome. There's another session at four. Okay, great. See anybody else? Have anything we want to go over here today to look at? I

[1116:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: How's everything going with your stuff? Adele,

[1117:09] Adele Best: yeah, so I had like three major contracts come into me at once for my transcription job. Cool. So my issue is that I had, I'm. Massive issue with my credit card, which, which completely screwed my credit up. So I can't get any credit, so I have to, I'm living on cash. So whenever I get these jobs in, I have to work

[1122:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: them, because it's happened to me about two years ago. So yeah,

[1123:36] Adele Best: so I'm actually working with this guy who's actually setting up. He's helping me set up an LLC in America, and he's going to help me actually build business credit in America. Because actually, what I've learned is the credit market in America, it's four times better than the UK. That's pretty so I'm actually working with someone to get me, you know how to use it. Yeah, I'm setting up an LLC in Florida. And I didn't know this whole world of business credit in the US existed. So I've been working with this guy called Ryan. He's actually, he's actually a high ticket drop shipping expert. He's really, really good. And I was actually listening to one of his trainings on youtube today about sales. He's a really good sales, man. This is so interesting that you were talking about sales today. Yeah. So I finally finished the jobs today, and I went to see the surgeon last Thursday. I've got six more weeks. Signed off my day job, so I've now got a six week window of free time to get this business built. So, right? That's it. You're going to have copied look at in the next week. Definitely. That's where I am.

[1141:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, that's great. And listen, hey, any any stage. Here's what I like to look at, too. Any stage where you might be getting stuck in, like, doing some of the things in your business, that's where you might think about maybe outsourcing it to somebody in the Philippines or something to help you with certain things

[1145:04] Adele Best: too. Yeah, my problem has been cash flow, yeah? This CR, this hit, to my credit, that happened like two years ago, it's, I'm you can't get stuff off your credit report in the UK as easily as you can in the US. Let's just say that there's defaults on my credit file, so my credit score is dry, so I can't get credit so that's been a big so that's keeping me trapped in the trading time for money, because I keep having to trade my time to bring in money, so I've got no time to build a business. And that's what's that's really my problem. It's been my problem. But now I've got six weeks off work. I've got some cash built up, yeah, so now I'm going to focus on building this business, yeah.

[1155:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's, that's the other thing they like to do, is to figure out how to increase the cash flow to help with Yeah.

[1157:00] Adele Best: And also, I'm working now on getting this business credit. So about to build business credit in America, it takes about 60 to 90 days, but because I don't have an SSN number, I've had to apply for an item. I've paid to expedite it and but it's going to be six to eight weeks, so I get that. So it's going to be like I would say, in six months, I'm going to have an LLC, I'm going to have business credit, I'm going to have funding, money's not going to be a problem. Then I can outsource. And I also had a bit of a revelation about, instead of doing narcissistic abuse, I kind of had this download one day where I was like, Do you know what? I could package that that all up and be more like a divorce coach. So it's not just narcissism. I can talk about narcissism, but actually expand it to people that are going through a divorce or breaking up. I think that would be a much bigger

[1170:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think she's still in the program in here, but she was, that's what she's done for a long time, is help people in that in that space and that niche around it's a very specific situation that people are in. Yeah, is

[1174:26] Adele Best: she successful? Do you think there's a market

[1175:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: for that? I think you definitely the you need to like the sales aspect of it needs to be done very, very well. You need to it. It's probably a harder sell than other niches, but that's why, like, when you learn how to sell, you can't you can. You can sell that to the right people,

[1182:00] Adele Best: yep. So that was one aspect of work that I was going to try to go down that route, or I was just going to go down the kind of Christian High Ticket offers niche. So if you were me, which one would you

[1185:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: pick that? One's probably a lot easier to sell, really, the Christian High Ticket offers niche, Yep, yeah.

[1186:46] Adele Best: Do they get to start with that? Then I think that

[1187:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: one's probably going to hit great, and then touch on a lot of the other stuff and use some of that for your story. But if I was, yeah, if I was, like, in your shoes to, like, say, How can I monetize cash flow and do that, I would actually choose the Christian High Ticket offers niche, really? Yes,

[1192:34] Adele Best: okay, because I don't know, I kind

[1193:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: of say that, but yeah,

[1194:11] Adele Best: because I thought I've always heard you say that it's quite hard to monetize, like the Christian kind of niche, because they don't really want to spend

[1196:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: money, not if it's a high ticket offer, really? No, it's not. It's not hard. It's different. You just got to find the people that are willing to spend the money. Okay, so it's not well, I

[1199:12] Adele Best: said to myself that I'm building a salespeople. To the funnel this week, and I've actually found a really good I find a girl on Instagram that's selling a course for $127 on how to make, make AI content of yourself. So I'm totally going to buy that, because it will totally speed up making making content. It'll be aI generated looking like me, but it won't be me. Yeah, and it's really, really that doesn't look like AI.

[1207:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're not as good as as you think, with that yet, or almost to the stage where that's really good. The AI content side of things, we

[1209:44] Adele Best: can make content. You don't have to go and record yourself and yeah. So for me, that's still stuck in a day job that really, um, appeals to me. Yeah? But anyway, yeah, I've got six weeks, and I'm like, right? I've got six weeks. I've got AI, I should be able to build a business in six weeks and get get content and just like, start this. I'm going to start running. Yeah, I'm going to run. I'm going to I'm going to do as much as I can in these six weeks that I've got free time. So that's where I am. So I'm going to drop some I'm going to do a sales page then for a Christian High Ticket offering. This week, I'm going to create social media content and start

[1219:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: trying to pull up my my my friends, Joshua and D Giles. I mean, that's what they do was Christian heights, yeah, yeah.

[1222:17] Adele Best: I've been on a couple of their I signed up to a few of their

[1223:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: great if you just kind of model how they do their webinars and all that. Because I didn't. I did a lot of the first webinars and challenges with them. I was on

[1225:34] Adele Best: some of them. I know I actually was on it. I was on it. Okay, yeah. So, yeah. So I knew that you trained them so they do, like, they're

[1227:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: using, like for that, like, if you even just kind of model a lot of what they're doing, it works, it'll work great,

[1229:24] Adele Best: yeah? And they bring in a lot of like, prophetic type content and sort of target that kind of prophetic, prophetic people, apostolic kind of people, yeah? So, okay, yeah,

[1233:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: so, but yeah, I think from a monetization standpoint, it's it's easier to monetize. Part of it's because, the reason why a offer geared towards like, just Christians around that is because you already have that common ground built around faith. So you're already, you've already, when it comes to sales, a big part of that is finding common ground,

[1240:50] Adele Best: and so you get to kind of, they'll see that in my background, yeah, you

[1241:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: bypass a lot of the rapport building that's needed when you do it straight to Christians. There's still rapport building there. It's 10 times easier. And so they that's, that's, that's what I found is. And then you just gotta figure out what's the right hook that sells. It's harder in the sense that, yes, a lot of people that are in that space don't want to spend money. But then you gotta find what's the right specific hook. And it really is going to be around, like, making money, seeing wealth, seeing transfer something really powerful to help elevate them to the next level in their life, type of a thing. And then people are willing to invest into that. There's all the people that you follow in that space, your offer is probably going to have to look a lot like their

[1252:52] Adele Best: offers too. Yeah. So Rick Pino like he was a worship leader that went into this. Does he target just Christians, or does he target? Does he

[1254:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: does? He says he targets everybody, yeah, I kind of mostly just for Christian here's the thing, he targets everybody, but his content is very clearly Christian based, and all of his clients are Christians,

[1258:47] Adele Best: yeah, but he's not like, I'm gonna take your advice. Take your advice. I'm gonna go down that route. Then

[1261:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's gonna be better for you.

[1261:50] Adele Best: There is a pastor's wife who's also an entrepreneur. She's got Natalie Breckenridge, I bought one of her low ticket offers. Breckenridge, yeah, she actually created a custom chat GPT that creates Christian based content. So I've got I invested in her little chat chat GPT, custom GPT that speaks in that kind of to quickly make content and to write copy. So I might use it and combine your methodology through her chat GPT and see what comes out.

[1270:08] Speaker 3: Yeah, totally this week.

[1270:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: And again, yeah, like your brand will probably be very similar to, kind of, like, what you see that she does, and yeah, and all that. So yes, you'll

[1272:44] Adele Best: here's the thing. I met her. I'm in her skill container

[1274:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: in school. The offers in that space, they all kind of look the same. The difference is who's delivering it. So like, instead of trying to reinvent the wheel, I would take some of the best pieces of ones that you see, that are already out there, and just piece them together into something that you really like, pull

[1277:58] Adele Best: exactly what I was going to do. And you know, I noticed, I noticed that they are all missing, high ticket program. They're all missing. They're all missing HOW TO. How to build a high ticket offering in that niche, they're all very low

[1280:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: ticket a lot of times they'll offer that to the people that are already in their programs. Okay, usually I think,

[1283:22] Adele Best: well, sorry. I mean, Natalie doesn't really have a high ticket offer, but I know Rick Pino would, yeah, yeah. Okay, then I'll go down the road offer,

[1285:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: and he's got a Rick fino he's got a $36,000 offer. And then, wow, his entry level one is between six and 12,000 depending on where like he gives so he lets his sales people, the way that Rick sells it, he has sales people that sell it for him, and they actually get to decide what to price it based on, like, a deviation of sometimes a 50% discount, depending on who they're talking to. So that's the other thing too. Like, like, they'll come in at 12,000 and the person's, like, resistant on price. Like, well, I can give you six grand off

[1295:56] Speaker 4: prices. They

[1296:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: just do it on the fly like that. So that's and that is something too, like I've done as well, like I will literally do deals on the fly with people just to close the sale. And it works, because a half off deal is to a really motivated client, is better than zero sales.

[1303:10] Adele Best: Yeah, I'm actually gonna, I'm gonna, I might post in the group that YouTube that the guy that's helping me set up the LLC and build business credit, I might actually drop his sales training in the group, because it's it. It was actually really good to listen to, because it's kind of like, a lot of things that you teach us. So it's like, wow, this is all the stuff Jeremiah has been saying. Like, it's just, it was just, like, during a live event, how to psychologically drive more sales. And I've actually been in a lot of his calls, and he comes under the calls with great energy. He's building rapport, but he's really natural. But he actually breaks down this training. How to do that? Cool, so I'll drop it in the thing. Yeah, very cool. So okay, that's what I'm going to do this week. Thanks, Jeremiah, thank you. You bet.

[1315:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, anything else before we wrap up here today? Y'all anyone else? I

[1318:15] Speaker 3: alrighty.

[1319:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wanna wrap it up. We got our VIP coaching call tomorrow, same time, so I will see our VIPs on there, and then we'll chat in boxer for everyone else, I'll see you in the Facebook group, and I'll see you on our live Q A next Monday. Have a good one, everybody. Thanks.

