WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2025-12-29T18:50:48.000Z
Duration: 102 min
Otter ID: JkNF_Eh8g9Ezd8AEyzwo-EL8Lz0
---

[0:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Live stream here, live custom live stream. Okay, this is good. This is good. Let's get this loaded into the Facebook group here. Sup, Jeff, how you doing, bud, welcome on in.

[7:55] Speaker 1: Good. Are you good?

[8:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: I feel like you're like, slowly transitioning more into Jack Black, the more I see you every time.

[10:14] Speaker 1: I never know people like tell me that it's like, are you saying because I'm talented like him, or that because I look like him, you know?

[11:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you got kind of the look going

[12:31] Speaker 1: so well, I just wasn't.

[13:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: The bad thing

[13:35] Speaker 1: was a nutcracker. I played Drosselmeyer, the uncle.

[14:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, you get to do a little magic. It's a good handsome look. I like it.

[15:49] Speaker 1: Thank you. There

[16:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: you go. Is a compliment, for sure. All right, let's see. Let me pull up live stream here. Well, hey, I'm excited that you're here. What I have to talk about here today is going to be really great. Let's see. We got Tiffany coming in. I'm trying to get the live stream going here. Hello. Hello, Tiffany. How are you?

[22:41] Tiffany Quinones: Today is a good day. Today

[23:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: is a great day. Is

[23:51] Tiffany Quinones: a really great day. My podcast is almost to 500 we're nine away

[25:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: rushing it.

[25:44] Tiffany Quinones: I sure am, sir, isn't

[26:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: it amazing? How like that momentum dry is driving everything for you in such a powerful way,

[28:46] Tiffany Quinones: it sure is, yeah,

[29:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: and you feel there's a level of confidence that you're feeling that you didn't have before,

[31:06] Tiffany Quinones: correct? Yeah, I can't explain it, but

[32:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's, it's that sort of like magic moment that happens with everybody in their businesses, when they start to do something that starts to work, because then you can start to see, okay, like I can continue this, and I can get the momentum going. Yeah, so, all right, I'm going to go live here in the Facebook group. So today is our live training Q and A sort of that transitory period between Christmas and New Year's again, I was going to mention to everybody next week, we're doing the live call, not on Monday. We'll we'll probably schedule an email on Monday to let everybody know this. In fact, let me send that to my my team. Let's schedule an email on Monday next week and Sunday, reminding them big letters that the call is Tuesday the sixth my son, halston's birthday is on Monday, and so we got the whole day, you know, mapped out for that. So I won't be on here. I'll be with the family and all that on Monday next week for his birthday, and then we'll meet up on Tuesday. Tomorrow is our VIP call, meeting up at the VIPs again, I've been sending out the VIP info. I really think that if you've been stuck in your business and you want to simplify things and have me work with you on your ads, on your marketing, come in there and be really hands on with you, the way that I'm doing the vy P, the way I've done it, it's beyond just a one on one coaching. It's actually more in depth than even just one on one coaching calls. It really is kind of a hybrid consulting, coaching type of a thing where I'm able to go in. You could get me into your ads manager, get me into your funnel account, and I can literally log in there and start to build stuff with you and help you out with that. So there's a lot of value there being offered in that. Plus you get all my courses. You could resell them, not as an affiliate. You could literally put your name on them and resell them, which is really, really cool. You get all those as a part of that. Alright, we'll send an email out about that again, before the doors close to that. What I want to talk about here today is bridging the trust gap. And what it is is that in business, there is a gap of trust when it comes to you getting clients and prospects, your ability to get people to become a customer of yours no matter what business that you're doing. This is a business mentoring program, and so we work with you on simply, how do we get clients? Well, the problem is that when it comes to having a coaching program going or having a mentorship program going, especially since covid, you know, make sure you get your packs loaded, right? No, I'm kidding. It rhymes. I always think that covid packs loaded. It's always a funny thing. Anyways, ever since covid, that whole thing that happened to the world five years ago. Can you believe it was five years ago that we had covid happen and all that? It's a kind of crazy to think about that, that that was five years ago that the whole world shut down. And, yeah, there are some people who who died and and it was really it was a sad situation overall. And then we come to find out that there's a lot of misinformation from everywhere, like stuff that we were being lied to and all that. And that's not even a conspiracy. Now, that's literally been proven as a fact is that there was a lot of untrue stuff that was going on, that we were being misled, and all of that, throughout all of that. So it's it's sad, but it shook the world. And so it's kind of like one of those things is like covid happened. It's going to go down in the history books. My kids are going to read about it. They're going to realize that they never had to go through it, which is kind of crazy. It happened after they were born, but it was like it changed the trajectory, I believe, of everything from technology. I don't think that AI would be where it is today If covid hadn't happened. I think that would have I think the AI stuff would have happened maybe 10 to 20 years from now, because that was the prediction that all of us were saying in 2019 2018 2019 everybody could see the AI was coming around, 2019 but we were like, Okay, it's going to be, you know, at least 2020, years down the road. And then covid happened. And now three to five, three to five years, two years after covid chat, GPT came out, right? So there was an acceleration there. Most people didn't know how to use Zoom, meetings zoom like this, prior to covid. And then the whole world learned how to use video on a computer. It was like kind of this crazy thing. We all learned how to use FaceTime and video and do that. And then this is what happened. I kid you not. Everybody decided they wanted to become a coach or a mentor. We used to, we used to joke, I was, I was a did a lot of nightclub DJing, and I did nightclub photography back in the day. And we would say, you know, you throw a stone in Austin, and you're going to hit five DJs and five photographers. Because, like, everybody's a DJ and a photographer type of a thing. Back in the day, when that was, it was when, when Skrillex was coming up, and all that, all these, all these guys, like, anybody can become a DJ type of a thing, I was pursuing that it was kind of fun. I had, I had a great time with that. I could have gone really far with it, but I realized it was such a waste of my time at that point, and I was like, I'd rather dive deeper into business. And that's when I got started diving deeper into stuff with my mom. You know, I'm in my early 20s, just having fun, and I'm like, I could be a famous DJ, or I could become, you know, multi millionaire in business. Let's, let's go the Business Route, because it's way more likely that I'm going to impact things the way that I want to at that point, you know. And but all that to say is, after covid, everybody became a coach, a mentor, a course creator, and it really hasn't slowed down, we can thank Alex, her mosey for a lot of that. By the way, those of you who are wondering about my mom's eye, it is fully healed. She had to have emergency surgery. If she hadn't had the emergency surgery, she would have actually lost her eyesight. They said the doctor did, but thank goodness she had the emergency surgery and now it's fully healed. She drove here to our house, about an hour away from where she lives, yesterday. We had a great Christmas time yesterday. So, yeah, it's amazing. It's incredible. Her body helped heal itself. They said that what she's done with her health that she's in the top 1% of people that are in their 60s. You know, my mom is in her 60s, and she's in the top 1% of health. And so they told her, because of that, she has rapid healing ability. And it sure showed up that way, like the surgery to being fully healed took three days for her body. Incredible in the eye, where some people could have, could have been three weeks for most people her age. So it's incredible. Just the health stuff that she's doing, the stuff that she's she's teaching. Anyways, back to what we're talking about here. Everybody became a coach. Everybody became a mentor. Here's what happens? Trust gets lost. Alex hermosi as genius as he is, and he is a genius, I gotta tip my hat to him on that he really is his content. He created a problem in the space where it was just like everybody realized, okay, you just you can make an offer, and then you can sell stuff to people. Now there's a beautiful part to that, because this is what I want to tell you, Okay, anybody can make an offer and sell it to people and make money.

[169:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can make an offer. You can make an offer. You can make an offer, kind of like that Oprah thing. You get a car, you get a car, you get a car. Everybody can make an offer and make money. The reason why most people's offers don't make money is because it's not connecting to the needs and desires, emotionally and logically, that build trust with a prospect. I'll actually tell you, I'll tell you that's exactly what it is. Is the reason why people struggle to make money in this online thing. They just don't know how to build trust at scale with people. And you know, I'm I'm excited. Actually broke? No, I think I tied my record for most people joining my coaching program in the last month, we had over 35 people join in one month. I think my record was, I think, like 35 or 40 back in August, 2022 when I launched this program. And so I'm like, Okay, I'm doing the math. I'm like, if I can add 35 to 40 new people a month over the next year, that's going to be great. That's awesome. That's exactly what I'm looking for. And very small ad spend. I did, like, 500 bucks on the ads, which is awesome. So I figured out a few things when it comes to building trust with people. And over the last year, you know, I've ran some offers, but they didn't quite have that big of a response. I think my next best, I had like seven people join. So this was like a 5x on that with a smaller ad spend. And that's kind of what I'm looking for, is, is that, is that type of a thing? Now I'll tell you this, when I was running my ads two years ago, I think my numbers, they started to come down where I would get maybe 10 to 12 people off of like a $3,000 budget. And so this is much cheaper than that to get three times that number. So I've, I've figured out a great strategy. We tested the same strategy with my mom's business. It's working great. And I did this over the holidays, which is hilarious. It's like, literally the worst time to test this strategy like this, because the numbers that I'm going to get are almost 50% of what I'm going to get after the new going to get after the New Year. I promise you that, because over over Thanksgiving, Black Friday adds a little bit of good numbers there. But over Christmas and all that, just people are in a different mindset right now, after the new year, people are going to want to, okay, I want to. I want to get my life in order. I want to get my business in order. I want to dial those things up. So I'm like, Okay, we we already got a new offer. We're going to be launching here in the next week. All about AI content creation. That one's going to be hot. I love it. I think it's going to be great. But here's the here's the problem is, is that when it comes to your offer, and I'll tell you this for your for your business you're going to want to have, I think three different offers. This is kind of like the new strategy that we're looking at that I think everybody needs to have at least three levels in their business. The highest level is right around $1,000 a month. You know, between 500 to $1,000 a month, and this is what we call our high ticket level. Okay, so high ticket level, 500 to $1,000 a month, that adds right up to 6k up to 12k a year. Okay? And by the way, six to 12k that range, really great range for coaching, programs, courses, all of that for high ticket above that point I have sold packages. I think my largest high ticket package that I sold was right at 14k right here, right about 1250 a month is what it was, right there. Okay, so you can even go as high as like 1250, 1500 bucks a month, the numbers drop off as you kind of get higher than that. So if we're talking about pricing wise, anything above like 50, 506,000 I wouldn't go less than six grand for a high ticket offer. It's just not worth it, because you're really devaluing yourself below that $500 a month. Think of it, $500 a month for 12 months, or six grand. They could finance it at that for 12 months, type of a thing, $1,000 a month, 12 grand. 1200 to 14 grand. Okay, so that's high ticket right here. And I will say this, we're going to start teaching more on high ticket. We've not talked about it a lot. We actually talk a lot over here, because I'm also a big fan of low ticket. I think you also need to have low ticket offers that range from $2 all the way up to $27 and the prices that I really like, I like 495, 997, and $17 those three price points have had the most success for me for low ticket now, I'll tell you this, you're not going to make any money off of your low ticket offers, okay? Just, just understand that these are not going to be money makers for you, okay. These are going to be profit drivers the high ticket over here. And then what we have is we have what's called a mid ticket sort of container program that can range anywhere from, I'd say $57 to you could go Up to 204 $247 a month, right here. So what you're looking at in that price point is, what's, what's the math on this? I know some of y'all are quicker with the math, 57, times 12, 684, you'll probably have people stay on for more, closer to eight months on average. So that's about two, 216, oh, no, that's 2757 times eight, about 500 so we'll say like 500 a year for a person right there, upwards to at this level, 247, two, seven, we're looking at maybe an average of about $2,000 right here. Okay, now you can make a profit at this point, and you will be profitable right here, but you're not going to fully realize the profit potential of your business. And each stage goes like this. Okay, so the low ticket leads into the mid ticket. The mid ticket leads into the high ticket. Again, as I mentioned here, I got my VIP program. It's $900 a month. I do a term of just four months minimum. That's it's four it's four months. So it's not it's not for a whole year, but you can stay on as long as you want, for $900 a month, and you get that, that deeper access, all those bonuses and all of that, that one on one, ability to have me come into your business and build that with you and all that. So that's my, that's my high ticket offer over here. My mid ticket offer is this wealthy coach Academy program, this container that you all are in, where you get we get to I get to answer your questions. I probably put the most work into the mid ticket. Surprising the way we built the high ticket, it actually requires less hours of work overall. I've designed it now where they're about equal, but they don't take a lot of hours. I can run my business on less than 10 to 15 hours a week at all these levels right here. I don't need to work more than 10 to 15 hours a week. This is 100% automated. Okay, so you want this to be as automated as possible, and you're going to use AI to do like 99% of the work here, except for, I would say, the actual presentation itself. AI is getting better, where it might be able to do your sales pitch soon. It's not quite there yet. I would have you do a human type of a sales pitch at this level, most of it you can automate with virtual assistants, but you're going to have to be teaching, coaching, joining for group calls. You're going to be creating courses, things like that. As far as this level, for this one, a lot of this is still going to be pretty hands on, because this is where it's like, I'm going to, I'm going to talk personally with you, one on one. I'm going to dive in and be able to do a lot of that, however, however, the high ticket I'm looking at bringing in some vas, okay, VAs that can actually help me. Where I guide them, direct them, and I tell them, Okay, go log into go log into Adele's go high level and take a look at her funnel. Go log into Nathan's program, go log into Jeff's ads manager and go set those ads up for them. And so now I can start to automate some of that by bringing in some of my VAs to help you and work with you as a part of this. So the idea is, as that starts to grow, as we do that, I already have the VAs that help me do that, and I have them help me in a number of my clients accounts already,

[329:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: as I don't have to be on doing all the work as far as that goes. And where do we how do we afford that, right? Well, the business pays for itself. My my VA that works for me, that does most of that. She's right around $300 a month, and she does everything I need at all of these levels for 300 bucks a month. I have one VA that's 300 bucks a month. And then I have another assistant who's here in the US. She's I now that we've gotten her more automated, she's maybe between 305 100 a month for that. So again, less than $1,000 a month in human help. I'm starting to get more and more like I'm playing around with, how do we build an AI agent real quick that can do certain things and stuff like that. The AI agent thing still is not easy to do and not easy to set up. It's getting easier. We'll start teaching more of that here. This year, we're going to be pivoting a lot of what we're doing, showing you more on that AI side of things. Anyways, on the trust side of things is this, remember, I said everybody became coaches and mentors. Nobody is going to trust you to join your high ticket program simply because you have a high ticket program, even if you got the best testimonials, in fact, very few people are going to trust you enough to join your mid Ticket program. We've tested this. We'll run ads straight to our mid ticket membership. And they lose money, they don't work. Nobody signs up. Very few. Do you know? I know Nathan was dealing with that issue with some of his ads. That doesn't mean it's broken, and that's where the low ticket comes in. What we've done is we've virtually have eliminated I'm going to start playing around with some AI stuff to add in maybe a few free lead magnets, but I virtually eliminated almost all free offers, and we're charging a little bit of money because it's going to find more qualified People with what we call the Trojan horse strategy. Okay, so the Trojan horse strategy is, is, this is, is that it's a low barrier of entry. It gets you in the door with your Trojan horse. Okay, I'm not talking about, for those of you that are internet nerds, I'm not talking about like a Trojan horse virus on a computer. We're not talking about injecting that into people's businesses. No what we're talking about is we're talking about creating a dopamine spike, and by the way, that when you can learn how to affect the dopamine of your audience, that really is where the magic comes from in building your business. A lot of what gets people to buy from you, that emotional feeling that people feel, it's really just a combination of hormones that are being stirred up inside of their body, dopamine, testosterone, adrenaline, all of that and that creates that momentum, feeling of excitement that people have in that because they start to get a vision, you can literally trigger the dopamine by the promises that you make in your presentation, you know. And this is, this is scientifically proven in so many different in so many different senses, you know, I mean, case in point, some people are like you. How can, how can you trigger hormones through words or presentation, if my if my wife sends me a cute, kind of sexy text message that might trigger some hormones. That's all say, right? And so at the same time, when it comes to the excitement and anticipation of what you're doing in your business and what we're promising our prospects, the same thing gets triggered when you're doing a webinar and a presentation, is we're triggering this excitement of the anticipation of what's possible, and even when it comes to you teaching and mentoring, even inside of this group, one of my things that I that I I try I I'm going to give you a little bit of a hint here that I try to do every time I'm teaching, anytime I'm doing a course, anytime I'm making content, is I want to build anticipation and excitement for where we're going with things, so that's strategic, and how I communicate, and how I build the story, and how I build the momentum, and all of that, and paint the picture for what's happening. And what does that do? It effectively keeps people hooked in, plugged in, excited, moving forward. And now here's the beautiful part about it. If you do that correctly, I do that with my kids all the time. You know? I do that. We do that as it's a human thing that we actually do when it comes to leadership, Good leaders know how to increase people's level of excitement and not let people down, and that's one of the keys. Your integrity will require you to do so in a way that's not going to just lead people on, right? You're not going to let them down. You're not going to make promises. You can't deliver, but if you can deliver on those promises, my goodness, it's powerful. You know, I bought a a Tesla Model three recently. My father in law is borrowing it right now while his car is getting fixed. And he is obsessed with this car. He's in his 70s, and he is just obsessed with the fact that he can literally sit in a car that drives him around, and he's like, he's having all of his friends ride like he's going and picking people up that he knows from church to show them the robot car that he borrowed from his son in law. Because it's just, it's amazing, the excitement that's in there and literally like, that's what keeps people connected to that brand, with Tesla and all that, that same type of a thing. So that's one of the things that we want to do. We want to keep people hooked and excited with anticipation for where they are going. So the Trojan horse offer builds that anticipation oftentimes when people don't spend money, let's say that somebody get something for free. I'm going to give you actually a hilarious example of this in my own life. There are two companies. One of them is called Epic. Okay, I'm actually going to show y'all what Epic is right here, epic, and then we're going to steam. I don't know if you guys know what epic or steam are, but I'm going to show you what they are. This is my nerd side right here. So this is Epic Games right here. Okay? And they are a game studio, but they also have the second largest video game store on PC to buy video games on a on a computer. And then steam is the largest video game store to buy video games on a computer. So if you want to buy a video game digitally on a computer, now we don't put CDs in you buy it through one of these two stores. Well, here's the thing so epic, and I saw, I saw a hilarious post the other day about this. Epic frequently gives away games for free that are high level video games that normally would cost you 50 to, you know, to $100 for a game. Steam never gives games away, okay, this is a great example right here, $4 okay? And this is actually a great, a great game, $4 for this one right here, okay, at Epic could give the same game away for free to people, because they do that frequently. They give it away for free. They subsidize the whole thing. They give it away for free. They have actually found in the research, people are more likely to pay the game, to to to use and play the game they paid $4 for than the one they got for free from epic game store. And I find in my own life, I I will literally be more likely to play something I paid $5 for than if I got it for free. And so it's very interesting when it comes to marketing and sales and human psychology, is that free offers, free lead magnets, people are less likely to engage and use them than they are if they paid $5 for it, even if it was the perfect prospect, even if it was the right person, once they gotta put A little bit of skin in the game, $5 $10.17 bucks. Well, they want to get their money's worth. They want to get their value for it. They want to get what they paid for out of it. And that means watching the content all the way through. That means going through it.

[484:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: That means that the person like the percentage of people that I have when they buy a class from me for $5 versus when they get it for free is exponentially greater that they actually go through and listen to my presentation, and they're also far more likely to buy another thing from You once somebody purchases from you even for five bucks, there's a little trigger that goes off in their brain that says, Huh, well, that wasn't so bad. This is a trusted person in the marketplace. I I trusted them with my five bucks already. Let me go trust them again with maybe $500 or $1,000 or something like that. You know every single one of you that's here right now, you 100% trust me that my high ticket program is going to be incredible. Every single one of you I know you do, and just the fact that you're here says that. And yet, there are people that are out there who they've downloaded every free lead magnet that I put out there, and they still don't have the trust to say they want to spend any money with me. Now here's what I found, is that when you lower the barrier of entry to like five to $10 there's been a lot of research behind this that when it comes to online space, anything that's under $10 people are way more likely to spend 10 bucks or five bucks with you than anything that's more than that, and so this is the best thing to do. This is the Trojan horse to get in there. You build that dopamine, you build that trust, and then what you do is you become the hostess with the mostess. You give them an appetizer that is super exciting, that that goes into showing them exactly how to get the result that they're looking for. You show them the formula, you show them examples of how to solve the problem. And then what you do is you invite them to actually receive the solution. This is the key to receive this the solution by joining your program. And this is the mistake that a lot of people make with their lead magnets, is they're trying to give the solution away for five bucks, for 10 bucks, the whole solution, they're trying to pack all this in and say, if I just give all this value right here, it's going to build trust with people. The problem is, is that it overwhelms people. And so what you want to do is you want to go and you want to give a bird's eye view. You want to give one key win that people can get. What's beautiful is AI can help you come up with that those key wins easily using chat GPT as as a powerful, powerful way to do that. I just played around with that this morning, in fact, just to kind of see what it would say. And I went into chat GPT it was five minutes before this call. Literally did this before this call, and I asked chat GPT, I said, Okay, I saw this post on my social media. McKinsey, by the way, this is a huge opportunity for all of you, because I'm moving even into this opportunity. McKinsey's reported, 88% of companies are using AI, but only 1% have figured it out. Only 1% have reached AI maturity. That 99% gap. It's a $644 billion opportunity, which is the size of the consulting industry, sitting there waiting for people who are bold enough to grab it. So I want to grab a piece of that and show people. I said, How do I translate this into pivoting my brand and coaching into this? Most companies are using AI. Most don't have an operating system for it. One thing that I really like that it showed is like I could teach people how to have their staff or VAs or project managers use AI as a part of you know what I could do here. That's actually one of the things that I do. Is my VAs, they all use AI. Everybody who works for me. I train them on how to use AI. So they are using AI to do a lot of the work for me. So they're able to do the work of five, five VAs as one person, okay? And so, like, that's a big, a big piece of that is that I'm looking at. So what I'm able to do is I'm able to brainstorm this right here. I'm able to brainstorm these ideas. And I said, So I market to coaches, mentor service providers. How to get leads? How do I start the transition towards this? I help them build their offers and run ads position with one sentence. The old one was, I help coaches build offers and run ads. Now it's to help them install AI powered client acquisition system so they get so they get leads without living in the weeds. Same market, same outcomes, new mechanisms. Step one, transitioning this way into this whole thing for creator businesses, which is amazing. And look at it even put the the same type of price points right here, low ticket, mid ticket, high ticket. And then ascension, and this is actually really cool, as I could even offer this for 10 to $50,000 to organizations to be able to come in and re revamp their whole organization this way. Why would a company pay me 10 to $50,000 to show them how to do this? Well, it's because they could replace one to two salaries easily with just me going through a 90 day session with them for this. So they're going to save almost double the triple what my fee would be, simply by learning how to do this the right way. Okay, so what I did was I was able to literally use AI to brainstorm in five minutes, how I can start to transition my business in this direction and and everybody who's in this program here, I'm telling you, if you're not using artificial intelligence to do 99% of the the mental executive function work, a lot of The marketing work for you. You're, you're, you're missing it. We're, you're gonna get stomped on by people that are, that are using it in this way. Now, again, I'm not talking about replacing your voice. I'm not talking about you like you don't even have to show up with AI video. We've been showing you guys a lot of AI video stuff. You don't even need to do that if you don't want to. You don't want to, but you can use the AI to come up with ideas of what to communicate. Help you organize your thoughts in a way even like one of the simplest ways every single one of you could use AI is you just dictate into your phone and audio of a brainstorm idea that you have a brain dump for 20 minutes and then have the AI organize that audio into a bullet point list for you. I'm telling you, you do that once a week. It's going to change your life. It's going to change your business. I do it all the time. It's going to change how you do things in that way. It's like using a it's like upgrading from going to long form math to using a calculator. Is a big is a big part of what it is. And by the way, that's really all AI is, is it's just like a a big calculator at this point. Is, is it's, it's processing ones and twos being able to do this. Now here's what I want to tell you, is, is that the low ticket Trojan horse is, again, the number one thing that's going to get people into your mid ticket and high ticket offers, most of you, from what I've seen, your mid ticket and high ticket offers that you come up with are really good and and you could use chat GPT within five to 10 minutes to help you optimize it. I mean, literally, like you just saw that how I was able to come up with high ticket offers for this AI market, where we want to spend a little bit of time, is coming up with, what's that low ticket lead magnet that we're looking for? And so what I what I have actually come up with, is the index card funnel framework. Okay, we're going to turn my whiteboard here into a large index card. I want you to fit all of your marketing onto a single index card. When you can do that, you will dial in your offers much better. Okay? And that's what we're going to that's what we're going to be doing here today. So here's our little index card right here. Okay, we can even throw some of the lines on it right there's an index card put a little hole in the corner. And what we're going to come up with is number one, what is our low ticket offer? Hook for a $5 or $10 offer, and then what is our blunt force ad copy? What is the difference of blunt force ad copy or long form storytelling? Okay, the difference is that long form storytelling is used for video content like this. Telling stories in the long form.

[631:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your landing page, you can have a bit of a short form storytelling. When it comes to your ads, you want to use blunt force hook, problem, solution, price, and then you want to know where to go next to get the result within 10 seconds. What is copy that filters in and out sales, copy that is going to filter in and out the people that you're looking for. And you want to fit that onto an index card, okay, so you're a low ticket hook. I want, I want us to do this as kind of a little, a little bit of a lab right here with all of you who wants to, who wants to work with me on this right now, to do this? Oh, it raised my hand. That's funny. Who wants to work with me on building this out for you, your blunt force copy and your low ticket hook. You.

[646:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Adele, okay, let's do this. Adele, okay, let's go all right, low ticket hook,

[649:21] Adele Best: okay, so the mid ticket offer is, is how to build your high ticket offer sell it.

[651:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so

[651:45] Adele Best: I need a I need a lead magnet. I need a note. I need, I need a low ticket taster menu offer for that I had thought of a hook, or I had thought of a hook like I actually saw another coach using it five figures in a day. How to create, how to sell it. How to sell a high ticket offer, which is five figures.

[656:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: One of the things that I look for is I will look for who's out there that's already marketing these type of things. Like you said, That's a great idea. I actually

[658:49] Adele Best: thought of that, and she started using it a few weeks ago, and I pissed off because I actually thought of it.

[660:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Why would that piss you off?

[660:37] Adele Best: Because she got to the market faster than me with it, and now, if I do, it looks like I'm copying her when I actually thought about it, like eight weeks ago,

[662:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, not at all. No, it wouldn't, it wouldn't look like that at all. There's, there's actually five people right now that I had the same thing happen. I launched my Instagram ads playbook, and I found three other marketers that had their Instagram ads playbook they launched,

[667:05] Adele Best: okay, but the good thing

[667:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: is, difference is it's me, yeah, watching Instagram ads playbook. So it didn't matter. The other thing that I came up with is for our low ticket offer. It's not really when it comes to coaching, nobody owns, yeah, a hook or a headline.

[672:04] Adele Best: Yeah, totally Yeah.

[672:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Unless you're like, you get to like, the hermosi level, you know, which, again, like hermosi is at a high level. But even then, you can borrow a lot of his hooks and ideas and things like that. So, yeah, there's no reason to feel like, Oh, they got to the market faster, because the amount of people that they're that they're reaching the marketplace won't even take notice of the fact that you have a similar hook. I want you to think about this. Okay, chat. GPT came out, and now we have grok and Gemini and anthropic and all that. Yeah, they all do the same thing.

[683:29] Adele Best: Yeah, it's just a different brand flavor of the same.

[684:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's just a different brand flavor on what it is exactly, yeah, yeah. Don't worry about somebody took your hook or they're using the same. In fact, be thankful that you I got excited when I somebody had, somebody had a similar hook than what

[688:08] Adele Best: I was well, yeah, that's the upside. I was like, wow. Well, I'm obviously thinking along the right lines. If he's a seven figure coach, is already using it. So, yeah, yeah.

[690:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you're welcome, Deborah. And I think so often we're trying to say, oh, somebody used this. I can't use it. We're when it comes to, like, what we're marketing right now, the only place that that matters is really book titles. Yeah, totally. You're creating a book with the same title as somebody, but when it comes to what you're marketing through social media, offers, ads, all that, it doesn't matter that you're, you know, doing. I mean, I'm writing an ebook for my mom's business right now. It has the simplest title that I'm sure there's 5000 other titles to it, but we're using the, like, the last one we did menopause optimization blueprint, like, you can't get more simple than that, yeah, and so, but it's, like, the branding of Sandy and how she presents and shows up. That's what sets her apart. Yeah. Okay, so

[702:47] Adele Best: basically, yeah, I've given up, like, trying to be really original, because what I actually did was, I did buy a three it was two and a half grand. It was a couple years ago. I bought a high ticket program off somebody. I basically kind of want to do my own version of it, but it was like it had so much like New Age stuff through it. So I want to put a spiritual baseline of, like biblical wealth principles, stick the high ticket offer creation stuff on top of it, repackage that up as my offer. That's my mid ticket offer, and I wanted the low ticket taster menu to be five figures in a day as like the name of it. But I'm struggling to understand. What I'm struggling to understand is, what is the small slice of the mid ticket offer?

[713:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay

[713:55] Adele Best: to give the low ticket transformation? Should it be a spiritual thing, or should it be super practical?

[715:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, what super practical, right?

[716:21] Adele Best: So what can I deliver at that price point without giving the whole thing away? That still makes them curious to to buy the full pie? Well, you're

[718:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to show them the possibility of what can be created. Okay, yeah, so. But again, let's just, let's just kind of put this up here, five figures in a day, yeah, okay, five figures in a day. We'll put that up there. Ffid, yeah, okay. And then this is where we do our blunt force copy is figuring out what sets it apart for you right there, that piece of the pie.

[726:08] Adele Best: And so would that be delivered to them as a pre recorded video, video training? Obviously, definitely,

[727:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would. I would doing that. Yeah,

[728:23] Adele Best: okay, so what am I going to give them? What exactly am I going to deliver in that is where I'm stuck.

[729:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'll say this. I like doing pre recorded. I like doing live too. But if you want to do it live, you could do your first one live, but then I'd start to transition the pre recorded. Yeah, definitely, yeah. If I could look back over the last like five years, I wish I did more pre recorded webinars sooner. Okay? Because what I know now about doing pre recorded webinars like I wish I knew three years ago. Do you

[736:10] Adele Best: feel that they were better pre recorded? Because you can add you can edit them out and stuff, and your energy's

[737:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: better now they are okay. I actually had a very hard time transitioning from live to pre recorded.

[739:34] Adele Best: Why did you think? Did you think that live was better?

[740:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: I did think live was better. And I had a hard time like mental I was mentally blocked from being able to show up in the right energy for pre recorded. Yes, you can do pre recorded from a live you just gotta make sure that the are there certain dates or things that you mentioned that are different stuff like that. But yeah, I prefer doing pre recorded now, yep, even if I'm going to do it live, I'm actually going to pre record it and then broadcast it live.

[749:22] Adele Best: Okay, so, so I liked what you said about having the three tiers of offers, because that's exactly where my head was going. Anyway, I wanted to have the low ticket, the mid ticket, and then like a 10, like a six to eight high ticket offer, which would be like a wealth expansion, kind of, probably more energetic type, really going deep into people's wealth

[754:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: some people, some people, can eliminate the mid ticket, if they want to, and just go high ticket. What you have to do, though, is your offer, you have to transition them over to a sales call. Oh, I

[757:15] Adele Best: don't want to do sales calls. No, I don't want

[757:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: so and so, yeah, that's my thing. Is I don't want to do sales calls, so I transition everybody into a container like this. Yeah, that's kind of like, those are the two sort of routes that I've seen that have been popular in the marketplace.

[761:20] Adele Best: Yeah, I was thinking as well about having the school community thing, because I like school because of the ability

[763:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: charging something for it

[764:13] Adele Best: capture testimonials.

[764:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would. I would this whole like, kind of free school community, free. I've seen a lot of the free school community people even transition to doing like $7 school communities. Yeah,

[768:36] Adele Best: I've been in, I am in school communities, and like, for example, I'm in Jamie C's school community, and I can see that she's using the testimonials she gets from that on her sales page. Yeah, she's harvesting testimonials out of that group, yeah. And I think she's also using that group to she's having monthly calls, but I think she's using those calls to find out the language that people are using. So she can use it in our marketing. Yeah, I can see her doing it. I'm like, I know why you're doing that. Yeah. So it's a

[776:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: great, it's a great container to then move people into a high ticket. And again, that's what you can you can teach people a lot of like, what I just shared here in this, in this training right here.

[779:25] Adele Best: Adele, yeah, you could take

[779:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: a lot of what I just taught in this training and actually build a lot of your offer off of what I just taught here.

[781:16] Adele Best: Oh, I know. I know. Okay, so, so let's get back to the low ticket taster thing. What exactly am I going to deliver in that to upsell people into the offer?

[783:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, you got to figure out first, who are you wanting to reach?

[784:46] Adele Best: Well, this is the next, this is the next thing, right? So, because my mid ticket offer, I want to have some kind of biblical basis. Okay, I don't want to do human design. I don't want to do nude. I want to have a biblical basis like Myron golden. Myron. Myron Golden's inner circle is basically a Bible study. So, but the thing is, I don't want to be that person that, oh, I'm a Christian wealth coach. I only work with Christians because I don't like a lot of Christians, to be honest, and so, so that's where I'm struggling and

[793:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: like, I mean, again, I, I'm, I will say I do like a lot of Christians myself, but I I am the kind of same way I'm

[796:02] Adele Best: I also have this perception

[796:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: love coach, but I don't, I don't even build my brand around it being a Christian program, yeah.

[797:52] Adele Best: But the thing is that I've got this perception in my head, and it may not be true, but I've got this perception that Christians don't spend as much money.

[799:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: That is not true,

[800:08] Adele Best: as in, like, the New Age community, and kind of,

[800:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, no, that is actually not true at all, especially in this economy, I would say it's pretty much the same across the board, okay, as far as people's ability to spend money is going to be about the same, okay? I think that might have been the case five years ago. I think now, I think that's the playing field as far as who's going to spend more money is leveled, and I think, I think more people that are in the Christian space are seeing they need to make an investment.

[808:25] Adele Best: Okay, so, so that's where I'm a little bit stuck, as to how much of that baseline Biblical stuff do I sprinkle in, not very much, or a lot, or, like, you know, because it affects don't get called in, isn't it? So again,

[812:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're getting the, you're getting the cart before the horse here. Okay, and I'll tell you, this is actually a great coaching example for all you that are here. I want you guys to, like, listen up if you're, you know, if you're washing your cat, I understand, don't get scratched or anything. But just listen to what I'm saying right now. If anybody's watched the wash the cat, you know what that's like.

[820:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Anyways, Okay, listen up all of you. I'm serious here. I need to, I need to clip this little piece right here too.

[823:51] Adele Best: What was I saying? So I asked you about how much of the Christian stuff should I sprinkle into the That's right,

[825:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: marketing, yeah. I said cart before the horse. That's right, yeah, yeah. I got like, so like, caught up in, like, the the anticipation that I forgot I was going to share. That's my that's my ADHD brain right there. That word, it's okay. You can, you can make money too online. If your brain goes, squirrel disappears, like that, it's alright. Okay. Too. Many of us put the cart before the horse. We're trying to figure out our modules, for our coaching, what should I teach people? How many videos should I put in? What should I share that's going to bring value to people and I, and I, for the longest time, I firmly believe that that's the wrong approach. Okay? I always start with building out my sales copy and my ad copy first, and then I teach from that. So I figure out, what am I going to deliver? What am I going to do that's going to trigger people build that dopamine, because the dopamine is built up through the ad, through the sales copy, through the presentation.

[844:08] Adele Best: Okay, so I was thinking of the kind of hook and the whole thing of this offer to be around, like, like three things to make your high ticket offer sell better, or reasons why your high ticket offer isn't selling or and then during the training, and be like, Oh, you don't have a high ticket offer. Well, then you need my offer.

[850:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tim, I mean, like, a little more, like a more confident offer than that, yeah.

[851:36] Adele Best: But, you know, figure out, yeah. So because this this low ticket tester, it has to, it has to over deliver. So they're like, Wow, if this 17 offers this good, then her other stuff must be amazing, yeah. So I'm like, Well, what is that I'm gonna deliver without delivering the whole thing, but yet still be enough to

[857:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know. So this is one of the things though. I can you trust me here? Yes, okay, let's not focus on that right now. Okay, okay, we're distracting ourselves with that. Okay, when that's going to come later is to figure that out. Okay? And we'll and we'll figure that out. What I want to do is I want to figure out the biggest, boldest promise that I can make people that's going to actually get them to take action.

[867:49] Adele Best: Oh, yeah, let's do that.

[868:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then I figure out, how do I deliver it to a point that, like I said, it it builds anticipation for that outcome. Yeah, but I don't give them the outcome until they join the program.

[871:55] Adele Best: Yes, it's That's exactly it,

[872:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, but we're going to deliver value for a single quick win. Yes, they can get so they feel like they didn't waste their time or their money. Okay? Is that like? That's like you got to do that. You got to deliver a quick win. I'll tell you. I crushed it at that with my Instagram ads, $5 class that I did.

[878:57] Adele Best: So, so what did you deliver in that

[879:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I broke, I actually broke down in that class. I broke down the whole process of using AI to come up with your offer.

[881:10] Adele Best: Okay, so in mine, can I break down my entire high ticket process without giving them the process? Well, you could

[882:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: break down the process of, you got to figure out where they're at right now.

[884:15] Adele Best: So I would like, Okay, I would like to target, there's so many people on Instagram selling stuff, but they all have low ticket offers, but they don't have any high ticket offers. And I'm gonna be like, right? You need to go high ticket, because that's the fastest way to build revenue. You can do the low ticket once you've got revenue, but let's get your high ticket offer, because you're missing out if you don't have one. And that's going to be kind of like, so I'm not necessarily selling to the very established entrepreneur or whatever, maybe starting off just selling to somebody that's selling on Instagram, but they don't have a high ticket offer. And there's loads of people in that category. Loads the whole digital marketing niche, for a start, they're obsessed with low ticket offers.

[895:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, low ticket offer is a great entry point into getting leads, but it's not going to make you any money.

[897:53] Adele Best: Exactly. Yeah, high

[898:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: ticket is where you're going to make money

[899:01] Adele Best: faster than because to make money on low ticket, you need to have a massive base. Well, no, you're

[900:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: never going to make money on low ticket, all right, low ticket is never to make money. It's actually a superior lead magnet to a free lead magnet. That's the truth, yeah, but that's not going to get a lot of opt ins, so everybody's like, low tickets going to grow you a million dollar business. That's actually not the truth. Low ticket is never going to grow your million dollar business. Low ticket is going to be the replacement for cheap lead magnets.

[907:32] Adele Best: Yeah, to

[907:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: then lead people into your high ticket program.

[908:52] Adele Best: But, yeah, but don't you think there's so many people out there that literally don't have a high ticket offer because they don't believe they haven't

[910:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: been told that, and that's where generally, I'll tell you this, the people who are teaching, like, build a low ticket offer and make all this money. You want to know what they're teaching in their programs, how to make high ticket offers.

[914:23] Adele Best: Oh, really,

[914:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and so, like, that's the thing is, like, it's a hook.

[916:12] Adele Best: Oh, right, yeah, to get them in

[916:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: that attracts the person low ticket offer looked at like, you know, like, I'm going to be creating an offer about low ticket offers in February, but I'm going to teach that the about getting to a high ticket offer. Okay, and so, like, that's one piece of it. This goes back to again, my great example from Rick Pino, everybody wanted to know how to become a famous worship leader. Well, the truth about becoming a famous worship leader had nothing to do with becoming famous. It's always has to do with really, it's the depth of their intimacy with God. Like I was always that, but you could never get somebody to sign up for a lead magnet on how to have a deeper relationship with God,

[929:42] Adele Best: yeah, even though

[930:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what they needed. Yeah,

[930:41] Adele Best: that's the broccoli, but yeah, have to bring them in with and Deborah.

[931:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Deborah was a part of this program, so she knows that what I'm speaking is truth here, right? Rick taught how to go deep in your relationship with God to create great music. But his hook for the marketing is become a famous worship leader,

[936:43] Adele Best: yeah, appealing to people's pride, or Yeah?

[937:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, it appeals to their desire. It appeals to their Yeah, they're, they're wants that appear. So that's, that's the thing, is you're wanting to appeal to that want that people have. Okay, okay, so, for instance, here's some blunt force copy for what you're doing right here. And what I did was I actually had chat GPT. I had a chat GPT already up from the last three weeks of our coaching in this group. And I came up with this right here as I took the transcript what you and I were just talking about, okay? And then I had it filter down your five figures in a day, build the path to five figures in a day, without hype, without endless content, without waiting for it to be perfect. Okay? $7 instant access if you want to make more money but you're stuck overthinking your offer. I made a 60 minute $7 training that gives you the exact offer and upsell path.

[952:53] Adele Best: Micro offer. Y'all like that? Yep,

[953:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you and that's something that I've been more focused on, micro offer versus low ticket.

[954:54] Adele Best: Yeah, I like that word micro offer.

[955:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Micro offer as more elite, I think, than low ticket, because that's what these $5 offers are. Micro offer that then gets people into the door to the bigger offer. If you want wealth with integrity, when you're tired of hype, I'm in a $7 training to build a real offer plus a clean sales path. Okay? Video Ads, cool. People won't buy high tickets, so stop. So this is about building a low ticket offer. Could we make some blunt force ads around

[963:15] Adele Best: Okay, so what's all this? Blunt force? Is this a new thing? I've never heard you talk about that before. I never heard you say blunt force before.

[965:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it's new language that I that I got. I again, chat, GPT kind of gave me that language, okay, but I like it because the ads now your, your ads need to have this blunt ad copy, okay, where within one line of copy, I have taught this concept for the last three years, is this

[970:32] Adele Best: kind of like a hook? Is this another word for hook? It's

[971:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: an, it's an, it's an ad copy framework,

[972:01] Adele Best: okay, where

[972:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: people only see the first line of the ad copy, and they're only skimming What's that thing that they see when they scroll that grabs their attention right away so it filters out who it's for, right? Okay, okay. And so the idea is, it's got to be a blunt, direct and Gemini actually gave me that language of blunt force copy. I like it. I like it. Yeah, sounds powerful. I'm actually going to show you something really interesting. Check this out. So I had an outline of what I wanted to teach here today, and I had Gemini create me a beautiful graphic. Wow, I've been looking at to follow along with

[981:42] Adele Best: that's amazing, is that Jeremiah you told is that what you told us before, about the LMK notebook or something, did this.

[983:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is Gemini. Actually directly in Gemini did this. I just paste it, told it to take all my notes, turn it into a graphic. That's amazing. And it's, it's incredible. Chat. GPT did similar, but it did not come up with quite as good of a graphic. It wasn't as pretty, but all I did was I took the transcripts from the last three weeks of our Q and A's. So I took transcripts for the last three weeks of the Q A, and it I used grok Gemini and chat, G, P, T, and I had them all convened together, wow, this like convening together thing, and then they came up with these ideas for

[994:36] Adele Best: that's amazing,

[994:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: where people need to go. So the first step was actually about, we've been talking about unfreezing your nervous system. Yeah, we haven't talked about that at all today. So I've skipped ahead to this. Now this micro offer messaging blunt hooks, see, so it pulled that language right here on blunt hooks,

[1000:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: which is pretty cool. So

[1000:33] Adele Best: I have a So, so can you send me the link to that, what you've started and I can finish it off. I can,

[1002:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I can send you that for sure. Thank you,

[1002:46] Adele Best: because I'd like to then generate some YouTube content, start doing YouTube stuff, but I wanted to ask then, so if we were to create the micro offer and create the ads and run the ads to the micro offer, but we hadn't yet built the mid ticket offer, can we just, like, get people into an offer and get them on our list and then what email them into the ticket offer and deliver it live first? Because obviously I haven't got, I haven't, yeah, I haven't pre I haven't pre recorded the offer. Yeah, why? Why waste time pre recording an offer that nobody's bought yet?

[1012:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thanks. Oh, whoops. I sent you the copy of it. Let me send you the actual link. Whoops, nope, I'm trying to send it to you. Yeah, no,

[1015:12] Adele Best: that's brilliant. Thank you. So I don't, I don't,

[1016:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: there's two chat GBT links for you. That's brilliant.

[1016:51] Adele Best: Thank you so much. See, I don't, I don't want to lead with the, with, like, the Biblical faith stuff. I don't want to lead with that. I want to like, I think I want to bring that into the nurture content on YouTube or whatever. But I'm not, I'm not going to lead with that on ads, yeah, or the micro offer.

[1021:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, let's see. We're on high ticket offers. I

[1026:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: let's create this. Got it? You're not. You're I'll help you create your high ticket. Okay, great. Pre qualify. You don't need more content. You need a high ticket offer that's worth buying the ad copy to

[1029:58] Adele Best: sell. Wow. Yeah, that's good. That's your

[1030:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: first grader who wants to build a 500 to 2k offer. I'll help you build it. That's really good. If your offer feels fuzzy, your ads, you know, if you can coach but you can't explain your offer in 10 minutes, we'll help you build out your high ticket offer. Yep. So those are some of the kind of the blunt force hooks right here. It's even given us some faith based hooks. Yeah. If you want a faith through the message without sounding preachy, we'll help you build your offer with values baked in and write the desire based copy.

[1038:55] Adele Best: Yep, yeah.

[1039:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: So those are some angles offer clarity. It's for Coach. We're trying to figure this out. Sprint through that.

[1041:19] Adele Best: Yep, that's awesome. And what about 5.2 chapter. GBT, are you recommending that still, or should we use Gemini? What was the other one? You said Gemini, Gemini and

[1044:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: are still and Gemini? Grok, 4.1 and 5.2 they give different outputs. It's I, again, I'm finding Gemini has given me better stuff.

[1047:29] Adele Best: Yeah, I remember the last time we did a bit of copy, Gemini was better.

[1048:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, okay. But anyway, so there's those are some ideas there for this kind of blunt force copy. Then from there, that's where we build out your low ticket offer from that. So that's what we want to come up with. Is like, what's that? Real quick ad copy, what's that hook for your low ticket? Now you can build out a 60 or 90 minute, $5 $10 class. Mind people, yeah, for that. Even Eileen Wilder, I just saw one the other day. She sells her high ticket program, but she sells a $10 book. Yes, her $10 book,

[1058:17] Adele Best: Oh, yeah. Her ads keep coming up on my Facebook all the time. She's, yeah, she's selling a lot of ads, yeah, yeah. Thank you so much. Jeremiah, thank you.

[1060:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I know Tiffany. We were gonna do Tiffany's next.

[1061:48] Tiffany Quinones: What's up? Tiffany, wonderful. I don't even know what I was gonna bring, but I kind of got lost in the training with Adele.

[1064:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, what we were talking about is coming up with your that, your index card copy, your low ticket hook, and then the blunt ad copy.

[1066:32] Tiffany Quinones: Oh yes, yes. Yes. And you have to forgive my tired brain. My energy level tanked. So now I'm like, I kind of so I speak my I speak everything in my podcast,

[1070:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. And

[1070:55] Tiffany Quinones: so I've gotten really good at setting up, going into promoting my low ticket offer. And I like how I say it, because, because I put it in the form of, I've told you the what and the why in my podcast today, and now I've get I'm going to give you the how, and I share with them, and it's all outcome, led, desired, based, great. And I do share just one brief line of that they get lifetime access. That's pretty much it's recorded for. It is for high performers, leaders, business owners, career professionals, okay, high achievers, yes, so it's four, all right,

[1084:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: and what is it that you're solving for them? What problems

[1086:16] Tiffany Quinones: it's there? Give me a second, solving the staying in the burnout cycle from performance proving from like staying in low energy. It's just the it's the proving that people can do something and so they'll, at all costs, let go of who they are, and their energy dwindles. It's kind of like forcing yourself to stay in jobs. I'm trying to give good examples. You have to forgive me, but you're good. Yeah, it's like staying in the burnout cycle from like, over performing, overproofing, to show that, you know, just to show up to, like, do stuff. Sorry if I'm not being super clear, but

[1101:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, you're fine. I got, I got what I needed. Oh,

[1102:33] Tiffany Quinones: perfect. I'm trying

[1102:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: to pull up. I'm just trying to again. I'm literally typing what you gave me. And then we're going into chat. GPT here we're gonna look at this. The burnout loop, breaker. Stop performing. Get your energy back. The high achievers, burnout, reset.

[1107:15] Tiffany Quinones: That one sounds cool. The prove it trap. Ah, yes, see here.

[1108:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Identity crisis. Stop winning a game that you don't even want to play. Oh, you're successful on paper, but a ghost in your own life, you spent years proving that you can do the impossible, only to realize we traded your personality for a title.

[1113:17] Tiffany Quinones: You're totally speaking to me.

[1114:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're saying that job or business model, not because it's good for you, because your ego won't let you be the person that quits. That's not high performance. It's a high speed collision course of burnout, right? With glitter. That's great. Yeah, you're exhausted because you're performing a character not leading your life. Oh my gosh, who you are swallowed by what you do now your battery won't hold the charge. I've condensed a framework for reclaiming your identity and breaking the proving cycle in 60 minutes. No fluff, no manifesting. It just a strategy to stop the leak. That's pretty dope.

[1123:14] Tiffany Quinones: Those are all, like, pretty much everything I have reclaimed.

[1124:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's a that's a great like, if you do a $7 class, it's just a simple, hard punch class to get them in, yeah, and then you sell your membership to them after that. Okay, the idea is, instead of selling your membership club, you sell this for five bucks. Raise the price to your membership, but a little bit and then use this as what actually sells them on your membership.

[1133:20] Tiffany Quinones: Okay, that

[1133:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: one was actually really good. Let's see, high performance isn't supposed to feel like slow motion suicide, right? Be honest, you're operating at 20% capacity and calling it hustle. You think that toxic inverse

[1136:40] Tiffany Quinones: truth? All true, not lie.

[1137:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: These are all ideas for kind of blunt copy, ad copy.

[1139:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's see. Let's write.

[1141:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let's do this. Let's write more blunt copy for ads, one line, one sentence, to identify who and what. So that was even much better than chat GPT did. Chat GPT kind of tried to get us there. Gemini hit a home run. Oh, you traded your personality for professional reputation. Like, that's, again, this, this, this new version of Gemini is crushing it.

[1149:42] Tiffany Quinones: That's bold. That's, that's what actually jumps out to me. That's why I'm like, Here's my card. What else you got

[1151:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: your personality for professional reputation? Yeah, you're the CEO of a life you'd actually never want to live. You're staying in that role just to prove you're an acquitter.

[1154:54] Tiffany Quinones: These are also great podcast titles, just saying

[1155:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: you're hyper. Yeah, well, let's go here. Make me some podcast episode titles from the above. And by the way, that's that's a great strategy. Is you can use your podcast to trial out different messages for your authors winning a game you don't even like. Who are you without the title, high cost of proving people wrong. Look at all those podcast titles.

[1162:39] Tiffany Quinones: I can come up with a podcast right now with the title I'm off. Gotta go record here.

[1164:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me copy this Gemini link to you.

[1165:05] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, thank you. I was gonna ask if you could do that. That's awesome, because I have found that speaking out everything comes much more simpler and easier than than writing everything out, because it's like, it sucks the creativity and life right out of me, like, and I've tried everything you've shared. I've tried to find the fun. And I'm like, I'd rather talk, so if we can somehow, which I appreciate you for, even when you showed up a couple times you did in my inbox, which I didn't ask for you. Just gave me some brainstorming ideas around my podcast. I'm like, What a cool mentor. Yeah, I've never had any mentor do that that's going in line with what actually, like lights me up, which is just total speaking. And so it just just makes total sense. So this is cool. I'm, you know, I'm gonna have a lot of fun with this. I'll come back and report my results.

[1180:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, these are, these are just great ideas, I think, just from what and all I did was I just took what you spoke to me right here and typed it in. And so again, that's why the practice that I use for AI is I almost always speak it into my Yeah, I almost never type anything into AI.

[1185:13] Tiffany Quinones: It's hard to type it all. I'm

[1185:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: always speaking it into the voice to text, yeah, and so it's just much better that way. Your brain will flow better when you use it that way. And then that's why I'm actually then I convert it to it, speaking it to me almost all these now have a a listen button you can listen to,

[1190:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh yes. Titles are designed to grab a high achievers attention by calling out the specific painful contradictions of their current reality.

[1193:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: The Chat GPT has got the same Yeah, same thing where you can listen to it right aloud.

[1194:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: $7 micro offer, hook, low ticket class. Title options, pick one, one, burnout, loop, breaker, 60 minutes. So yeah, I

[1197:28] Tiffany Quinones: have one voice speaking to me in an English accent. It's quite fun.

[1198:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh yeah, yeah.

[1199:33] Tiffany Quinones: Well, thank you. I'm actually more excited because I'm figuring out more ways to do it, like the speaking style that I love to do, and obviously the stats don't lie like every day. I mean, since Christmas, What day are we on? Yesterday I posted was 13 downloads, but now eight additional downloads, or even more, actually, since yesterday. So I'm like, it just keeps growing. I can't again.

[1207:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's why I recommend, if you don't want to start a podcast, at least record once a week a YouTube video where you just talk on camera in podcast style. You don't need intros, you don't need music, you don't even need all of that. But I think it's just a very cathartic thing that can help you get your thoughts out there and help you gain some confidence. Because now, after a month or two of doing that, I mean, you got tons of content, you can now pull from true ideas, and you've talked about it, you process through things. It's now off your chest a little bit. So I mean, like everybody here again, Adele, like, go, go, record, make a video and talk about this high ticket stuff, make a video and talk about offers. Make a video and talk about your faith and how it connects to this. Go. Do that this week. Next week, you don't need to, like, build it into a pod. If you want to build it into a podcast. It's very easy to do that. What platform do you use for podcasting?

[1223:40] Tiffany Quinones: Tiffany, well, my main stage right now is pod bean, which goes

[1224:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: probably the easiest one that's out there. Yeah, probably the easiest,

[1226:15] Tiffany Quinones: because Spotify. For podcasters, you don't get to keep your content. They own it. So I switched over to podbean. Plus they use AI. Now I've been optimizing all of my podcasts with AI. So it takes out noise, it creates the description for me, even even redoes my titles.

[1231:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Wow, yeah.

[1232:02] Tiffany Quinones: So I like it. Plus I also put my my link to my offer that I talk about in my and I tell people where to get it, so that way it's not just sitting there.

[1235:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, podbean is probably one of the, one of the easiest, best that's out there. It's just super it's very simple and easy to use.

[1237:32] Tiffany Quinones: It is. Plus, you can do a recording, and instead of publishing it, you can. That's what I did for my offer. Is I actually, I had to unpublish it and take it down because I didn't know. But you can do a recording and then sell it as a recorded offer. You can do group recordings too. You can have guest speakers on, yeah, it's it's fun. It's cool. I like it. Look at

[1244:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: all those episodes.

[1244:41] Tiffany Quinones: Well, when I get an aha, ask you, can I have friends

[1246:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: a machine? Yeah,

[1246:33] Tiffany Quinones: it just happens.

[1247:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Created more you created more content in the last few months, then that's amazing,

[1249:07] Tiffany Quinones: yeah, yeah, because when you know it's also healing for me to be able to speak it, yeah, but it's done in a way where I can say what I want to say without holding back.

[1253:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see, I just copied all your podcasts into Gemini, and I told it to tweak the copy based on your podcast titles. Oh, so I just copied and pasted the whole podcast page from these titles.

[1258:40] Tiffany Quinones: Uh huh.

[1259:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I scroll down. There we go.

[1260:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're still performing for safety, but the system has changed. Your hustle is just a high end version of your childhood survival skills. You built a masterpiece of a career, but you're a ghost inside of it. Stop winning at the cost of your soul. You've been a high performer since you were a kid, because you had to be, yeah, in foster care and corporate, in your own business, you've learned that performance equals safety.

[1266:29] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah, it's probably from my story that I just,

[1267:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well, it's just, it's just pulling language from your podcast description that I was able to do that.

[1269:17] Tiffany Quinones: So that's totally cool. I'm going to be busy for the next month. Thank you.

[1270:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Great. Yeah, that's awesome. And that's, that's one of the big, like valuable things here is being able to do that when you kind of come up into the hot seat, and we're able to do that together, which is great. So, Deborah, what's going on?

[1273:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Deborah, hello.

[1274:19] Deborah Scott: Deborah, hello. Hello. I'm come on on for clarifications. Couple of them. One, yes, I was in Rick penals program, but I came in on the idea that he the ad I heard was get your music heard.

[1278:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, that's right, yeah,

[1278:48] Deborah Scott: it wasn't about becoming a superstar. I was not interested in becoming a superstar?

[1280:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, we found, what we found was that the get your music heard is the is the one step back from becoming a superstar. Oh, because

[1283:22] Deborah Scott: I will say, I've learned a lot. I learned a lot in there about how to mix music, yeah, produce it, and, you know, the legality of it, but there is so much more to it. His after that,

[1286:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: his core message, though, is always about intimacy with God,

[1287:19] Deborah Scott: right? And that's, I mean, that's why I started

[1287:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: listening like, way more than like, like. That's the beautiful like message that he has. You come in to learn how to get your music heard, but then like, you learn a much deeper walk with God, really, you

[1291:19] Deborah Scott: know, that was the goal. Yeah,

[1291:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: exactly. And so, like, he never, he didn't lead with, like, have a deeper walk with God. We actually tried to create some offers around, have a deeper walk with God. I remember you talking about that, yeah, they just did terrible. But the whole, get your music heard, or, you know, yeah.

[1296:10] Deborah Scott: And since then, I've learned the process of somebody wanted their music to be put on a radio, versus, right, yeah, EMS, or even, like, internet radio, like, anyway, it's grown. It's like the Lord called me into it. There's a whole story behind it, but I had no idea that that would be part of my life story, but it's good. It's been good. The process has been good. I'm not a superstar. I don't want to be. I don't have time for such things.

[1303:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, folks, the mass majority of Rick's audience, they wanted to be the next Brandon lake or the next Rick.

[1305:53] Deborah Scott: Okay, I will. I'll be honest. It'd be really cool to write a song that might go both, right, yeah, CMS and radio, that would be really cool.

[1308:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: And that's what we found, was the like, the believable version of that is, like, get your music heard, okay? But it was directly rooted in that desire that people have for fame. Is where we came up with that title.

[1311:56] Deborah Scott: I'll be very honest with you, when I got in and I started to hear stories, because people bring their stories, and they bring their stories from their part of the world and what's happening, when I started hearing what was happening, like people being paid like hundreds and 1000s of dollars to be a worship leader when your Worship is supposed to be an offering. And yeah, I had my own Oh, yeah. So anyway, anyway, I just wanted to clarify. I sure I love the idea of like, it'd be cool was on the radio kind of thing.

[1321:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Sharon, that's how we reverse engineered that offer that worked so well for him, yeah.

[1323:19] Deborah Scott: So anyway, that's little clarity for me. But, and then the other one is, I'm going to get ready to do my my class for the Christians, EFT for Christians, yeah. And after just like thinking about it, praying about a little bit more, I think I'm going to show them a process, but it's not going to be what they would get if they were sitting with me in class.

[1329:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: There's a book I wanted to send you. I read it four times this week. Seriously? Four times? Yeah. I listened to the audio book at 3x speed. Okay. Four times. Okay. So the Yeah? 3x speed. The audiobook took me like, two and a half hours to get through. It's like an eight hour audiobook.

[1335:44] Deborah Scott: Okay, is it something I could get over on? What's it called? I see it in my head. I have a subscription every month where I can,

[1338:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'll send it to you. Okay? Separately. So he's a guy, he has, like, a coaching program and all that. I went through his funnel, but then I he mentioned a book, and then he taught a strategy in it that has been really helpful for me. Um, it's I asked chat GPT. It's similar to, I guess, what Byron Katie teaches

[1344:16] Deborah Scott: that name doesn't ring a bell anyways.

[1345:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's this whole idea of and it's what tie in with EFT. And I want to teach more on this in our group here, but I want to get a little more dialed in myself. I'll share a little bit about it for everybody that's here. So I've been, like, done a bunch of therapy and different personal development for years and stuff like that. And I I remember there was a strategy that I'd actually learned, like, 10 years ago that worked really well for me, and it was through a Christian ministry called restoring the foundations.

[1353:40] Deborah Scott: I've heard of that a long time ago.

[1354:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, anyways, the peace in restoring the foundations comes from a personal development technology from like three or four different use cases, as well as therapy and all that. But I found this, this book, and the guy explains it so simply. He calls it the decision matrix. His name is David Bayer, the book's called change your mind, and he talks about how every trigger we have on our in our nervous system, it takes us either from a primal state or an optimized state. So primal state is fight, flight or freeze, right? Optimize is where we're like we're flowing and we have creativity and ideas like that. He said, basically, we're either in one of those two different states at all times. This is true and so and then it's usually based on decisions and beliefs that we have, right? This is the piece I had forgotten. Was basically he teaches like you sort of do reverse gaslighting on yourself, where you sort of like, okay, you take whatever that belief is, like, I'm so triggered or overwhelmed by my ads not working, okay, say, just say that, or building this funnel, and you just, you reverse it and say, you know, I do a great job getting ads up, and I actually feel like I'm thriving while I'm creating them. So it's the complete opposite of that, like negative trigger statement. And then you find evidence in your life of where that's true. And then you attach gratitude on to it. And then you can attach your EFT and stuff like that to it as well. And it completely what it does is it brings into emotion to sort of reprogram and consolidate your memories and sort of change them yes to where now the the the negative belief becomes a positive. So, like, I noticed myself doing it like, like in my own life, like I'm so overwhelmed with my kids when they XYZ say, I know I'm thriving with my kids, and I have a great time playing with them doing this, and then, like, finding evidence in my life where I've had that happen, and I found it literally just shifted my energy out of that fight or flight like that.

[1389:35] Deborah Scott: It does. It's very pop that's

[1389:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: very powerful. And it's no it's like, it's just a it's just a mental strategy that then you could kind of combine with EFT. So I'll send you the book that I kind of, I'll send you

[1392:55] Deborah Scott: the link. EFT has the ability to help people transform their minds, yeah, you know, dealing with the issues that are kind of holding them back, and just like, flipping the script, if you will. And that's why I love it. And so what I do is I bring in Scripture to go along with, like, let's take overwhelm. My intro to overwhelm is about Jesus being in the garden of the Gethsemane. He himself experienced that I found through my journey. A lot of Christians would like to bypass, emotionally or spiritually bypass, right? And so to say, hey, let's just be human. Here. Jesus was human. Let's be human. Let's work through this. It doesn't mean you're going to stay there. This is a way out. And so much freedom into that, so much freedom. So what I'm I don't Okay. So I have, like I said, about a dozen people signed up. I plan on giving them some of the blood I just shared with you, just to get them get what their appetite my style of teaching, or whatever, I offered to give them a free script, but I don't think I'm going to give them my method, because I want them to come into my program to learn the method. And I think I heard you said that earlier, like, don't give them the full solution. You're seeing people give the full solution right up front, and then people get overwhelmed. And then a lot of times they won't sign up because they're overwhelmed,

[1416:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, or they just, they're like, well, the other thing they'll be like, is like, Okay, I got all this info. I'm gonna try this info out for the next six months and see how it works, and then I might come back and buy the thing that you have later, right?

[1420:03] Deborah Scott: And I want to keep some suspicion there. Also. The other thing I have,

[1421:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: not suspicion, it's excitement. It's anticipated. That's probably the wrong words.

[1422:39] Deborah Scott: What's it called? Like, when suspense? Maybe that's the word I want,

[1423:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, not even suspense. It's, it's anticipation,

[1424:49] Speaker 5: okay, I like that even

[1425:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: better. Desire. It's,

[1425:43] Deborah Scott: I want to know more. I want to learn this process.

[1426:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: I mean, in a sense, it's a, I think the closest thing to it is like just any desire we have, like you desire cake, or you desire something sensually or sexually, like, it's, it's that same thing, but translated into this over here, it's that same human like, I need this. I'm craving. That's what we're looking for, craving.

[1433:24] Deborah Scott: So my goal is to get their attention. Yeah, they can build that. I'll tell them right now. You can go to YouTube. You can go to YouTube and get it anywhere you want. Even the founder of EFT for Christians, she has all of her stuff up. But if you want to work with somebody and practice with somebody, come on in, you know, to the six week training, and you'll walk away equipped, yeah, like you'll walk away confident. The other thing is, the lady that founded the EFT Christian for Christians, she asked me, prior to all of this, she's like, do you think you could go into chat, GPT and build something? I said, I have no idea. I said, but she's like, if there's anybody I know that could do it, it's you. I'm like, challenge accepted, build

[1445:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: something. What I

[1446:06] Deborah Scott: did it, I went into chat GPT, and I used my method, and I literally built something that people can go in and say, I'm struggling with, you know, an emotion, and it will tell them how to use the process and get free.

[1450:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, nice, yes,

[1450:46] Deborah Scott: kind of like, I'm guessing it's kind of like your AI, absolutely no, your AI program. It's what I have on the side.

[1452:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, what you could do is you could build a custom GPT. I kind of did, okay, did you build it as a GPT?

[1455:20] Deborah Scott: Yeah, I went in. Let me see what you're pulling up

[1456:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: under. Explore, like you create a GPT, yeah,

[1456:54] Deborah Scott: it's, it's like believers tap GPT,

[1457:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, and then did you upload some of your transcripts?

[1458:43] Deborah Scott: I did that, and I put some boundaries in, because it was right after that little boy took his life from being on chat. GPT, so any words of wanting to die, suicide, it automatically kicks up the one 800 hotline for people to get help. Yeah, I was able to put that in. It's really cool.

[1465:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like, creators gotten a lot better at those types of things. So this is great. I mean, I've seen a lot of people where they just create a GPT as their opt in offer, or their $5 offer, they include a GPT a short video training, and that's what they give for $5 and then they do a pitch to their whatever program that they have.

[1470:11] Deborah Scott: Well, here's my upsell, and you tell me what you think. They come into my class, they go through the six week training. My upsell is what, exactly what you said, that access to the believers tap GPT as well as me coming on with them, like once or twice a month to work with them on something that they might want to work on.

[1477:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: And how much are you charging through all that.

[1477:43] Deborah Scott: I have no idea. How about 10 bucks?

[1478:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, that's way too much. That's that you could that's a full program for that much.

[1479:47] Deborah Scott: It is, okay, yeah, um, I don't know. This is where I get a little bit, you know, like, Ah,

[1482:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: no, you could give the GPT and, like, a simple, like, just kind of walk through of your system and what you do, and then you want to charge like, you know, 57 to $97 for that full program.

[1485:28] Deborah Scott: Well, I kind of want to babysit it, if that's okay. I, you know, I I've used it myself. Works great, but I want some people to try it, work with it, and I want to walk with them in the process. So the what would be, like a founding fee, or whatever, like they'd be working with me in that process. Yeah, because I just want to see how it happens. Like, there's that scientific part of me is like, Hmm, can it do this? How far can it go? And that's it shuts down trauma. It immediately any kind of trauma triggers, which I already have listed on my training. What is a that needs somebody sitting with them? Versus self care? I want to see how it handles other people's stuff. I've deliberately put some stuff in to see what it would do. It redirects very well. I'm very pleased what it came up with. Awesome. That's awesome. So, all right, just

[1502:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: don't undervalue yourself. Don't devalue

[1503:10] Deborah Scott: your Well, one of the ladies told me 997 so I'm like, okay, 10 bucks.

[1504:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Are sure she didn't mean 997

[1505:23] Deborah Scott: I do because she told me she's like these. What's happening is people love EFT, but they don't know how to incorporate it in a healthy way, if you will. And a lot of them don't have money to go to a, you know, with an EFT coach or practitioner. So because of that, um, I think that's why she might have given me that number. But still, even if I say 25 bucks, that's still like a fraction of them sitting with somebody, right? So I don't know. I'm glad you pray for us, because I need it right now, I'm taking some steps. That's all I can say. And I'm okay. See, I have no problem starting low. I don't have a problem starting low and slow.

[1519:03] Speaker 4: So let me see something here. I or,

[1521:00] Deborah Scott: I know the Tapping Solution, they have a for their app that is like $47 I think for the year, like, I have to look at the market too, right? And then their monthly program is like 1999 I did do that research.

[1527:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: You could do this too.

[1528:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: See trauma doesn't wait for business hours when the trigger hits. You can't call a therapist. Would you use believers tap GPT to help you?

[1530:47] Deborah Scott: Oh, that's cool.

[1531:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you kind of build as like, it's not a therapist, but like, it's a tool you can use.

[1532:11] Deborah Scott: 24/7, I like that. And I was thinking about doing believers tap like you said, business for that one, yeah. I was thinking about doing it niche oriented, so that different people would be in different groups.

[1536:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Cool. Yeah.

[1536:54] Deborah Scott: Anyway, I'm just like talking. I I'm going as I'm learning as I go. That's what I want to say, yeah, yeah,

[1539:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, oh yeah, Tiffany. Tiffany knows who David Bayer is. Yeah, I read his book. Tiffany. Highly recommend it. Change your mind.

[1541:14] Deborah Scott: So our brain is so amazing. I love neuroplasticity. I love neurosciences. You know, you know the idea like you're born into this, you're stuck into this. No, people, no, that is not true. And I'm a, I'm a walking testimony of that. So I want to share that with others. And this is a tool, very tangible for people to use. Yeah? Awesome. Anyway, I've got a chat,

[1548:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: right? Tell

[1549:03] Deborah Scott: your mom I'm happy that she got the help she need. Praise the

[1549:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Lord Yes. Yeah, she she's feeling a lot better. All right? Anybody else, anything else we want to go through? Anybody else want to come up on the hot seat. Before we close out here, we can go over your offers or things like that.

[1555:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: What's up? Adele, I

[1556:00] Adele Best: just want to check then that the main takeaway from this teaching is that you better have a low ticket offer, because it builds trust enough for people to upgrade to your offer.

[1559:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, and how to do it simply, without overthinking it. Okay, so I want you guys to, like, go through what we did here today, and like, quickly come up with something that's low ticket that you can test out, okay? Because I think that that's where we get stuck, is overthinking. What do I want to offer for seven bucks? What do I want to offer for $10

[1566:10] Adele Best: just pull something together, get an ad for it, get it done basically,

[1567:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah? Because then you can always create another thing,

[1567:52] Adele Best: yeah, yeah. So we can just test, test different, different low ticket offers every month. Yep, that's pretty much what you do, isn't it?

[1569:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's it well. And I'm even playing around with with, like with lovable, using it for my landing pages. I could just buy a create a simple domain name for my offer.

[1573:14] Adele Best: Really, what does what does lovable do? What

[1574:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: makes landing pages? Okay?

[1574:39] Adele Best: That sounds like absolutely heaven for this group. Then, because

[1575:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's an AI tool, okay? And you just tell it your your sales copy, and then it can build out the whole landing page right here

[1577:35] Adele Best: for you. Oh, that is so good. Oh, I'm so gonna use that. Jeremiah. I must

[1578:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: publish it as like a sub domain or on a custom domain right here. So that's something I'm looking to play around with. Is that? Well, this is one that we did for you right here, lovable a couple weeks ago.

[1582:06] Adele Best: Oh, yeah, that's right, I remember that. Yeah,

[1582:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: this was right here based on just what you shared with me. Oh,

[1583:26] Adele Best: that's right. Yeah, your

[1583:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: sales copy. How much is lovable? Yes, you just use chat, the chat inside of lovable to do it. So, like, this was another I was trying to, like, come up with a sales copy generator app right here where it actually can, like, generate sales copy for you by typing all this in. So this is something that I told it to create right here inside of lovable. We built this. We're going to launch this for my mom right here. So probably in the last month, I built a number of like offers and landing pages right inside lovable. All right,

[1593:20] Adele Best: okay, I'm so going to use it. That's amazing. That looks so good.

[1594:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well I did for my new offer is I actually created this mock up and lovable for my landing page, and then I told my VA to just rebuild it in Squarespace. Well, that's

[1598:31] Adele Best: what I was gonna say. Could you copy and paste bits over into Squarespace?

[1599:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, yeah. Well, and that's what I had my VA do for me was kind of copy that over, but I could also just publish this directly to a sub domain, VC.

[1601:49] Adele Best: If you publish that, can you run ads to that? Have a Pixel THING? Can you run a pixel?

[1603:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: You just paste the pixel into the lovable editor here, and, oh, really, yeah, you can. That's really good. Yeah, they can do all that.

[1605:31] Adele Best: All right. That's brilliant. So that I've been looking at

[1606:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: like for quick iteration. This is the new class right here, so it's a little different than the lovable version, but it's right here. Bring your digital twin, make AI videos, batch content. It's like, I just showed versions of, like, AI videos that my mom and I did screenshots of our Instagram

[1613:06] Adele Best: that looks really cool.

[1613:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah, that's all that's all this is, and then it's got my testimonies and stuff like that. But, yep, awesome. Five there. So there's that one $5 class. And then the one I, I just did was this one that did really well. Is this Instagram ads playbook one.

[1619:30] Adele Best: I think I'm gonna buy one of your micro offers and just follow your funnel. I think I've said that before, but that would be a good

[1620:54] Jeremiah Krakowski: thing to do this one right here. Yeah, so, yep, awesome.

[1622:56] Adele Best: Alrighty, thanks. Jeremiah, cool. Thanks. Everybody.

[1623:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Have a good one. Bye. See.

