WCA - LIVE TRAINING 02-09-26
Date: 2026-02-09T18:53:02.000Z
Duration: 125 min
Otter ID: CuFTzoTHz7OwyuTzqNnuafvGOWM
---

[21:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: There we go. How about now we have audio? Yay. The microphone had gotten unplugged over here, just for for a second here and I it was still plugged in, but the wire had like come out just a little bit, and so it kind of moved over there just for a second. Alright, let me. Let me go live in the Facebook group here, streaming key streaming group. Well, today is our live training day. We'll be doing some Q and A after this again. Welcome to our new members that are here. I'm so thankful and grateful that you're here. We're going live in the group. Let's grab the the invite code, and there's my stream right there for the group live training. Two, 920, 26 join us on zoom here. That's the link, and we press the big red. Oh, it's blue. On Facebook, the big blue go live button, okay, well, I'm excited for today. That Super Bowl last night was kind of boring. The commercials were even boring. But what I loved was the AI commercials were so cool. Just seeing how AI was being promoted. One thing I thought was interesting that ai.com that was being promoted. It's actually the weirdest thing. The owner of crypto.com launched a service within the last week, paid, I don't know how many millions of dollars for an ad spot. It's an it's an open claw container site where they launch these agents for you. Is what the whole thing is. I thought that was very interesting, also kind of dangerous, a little bit I thought was launched on live TV to that many people, but we'll see. Alright, so what I want to talk about today is something that we've been talking about this for the last couple of of weeks and even months, and we've kind of beat around the bush on this topic. Number one today is our live training. So we're going to be going over this number one again. We live in the easiest time right now for you to be able to create massive amounts of wealth and business for yourself. Number two, the tools that we have have never been easier to learn. The access to the tools have not but we live in an interesting place, because everything has transitioned so much from the old way of doing things that we that we are essentially a lot of people are stuck in a paradigm shift of in between the old way and the new way of doing things, and the biggest thing that keeps us stuck is perfectionism. And I've talked about this for for years, perfectionism is the number one thing the need to make sure that we do all the right things, check all the right boxes, make sure that all those things are perfect before we go out there and do everything and listen, I understand. You don't want to waste your time, you don't want to make mistakes, you don't want to mess anything up. You want to make sure that you do the right things in your business. But that need and that desire keeps us sitting on the sidelines from doing the very things that are going to help us grow our business. And so what I want today is a call to arms and a call to action, to get off the sidelines once and for all, and to start doing scary things, to start doing things that you don't know how to do yet, that you've not figured out yet. And I'm going to show you, at the end of like, by the end of this call, I'm going to show you some of the stuff that I've been doing with AI agents, how you can get some of that set up yourself. Again, some of it is it's a little bit scary and things like that. I'm going to show you a few resources that are out there that I think are probably going to be one of the most easiest ways to do it that I that I've seen on the web and but what I want to do is this. I want you to realize that right now, with the tools again, that we have with artificial intelligence and all that, and by the way, we have actually lost members. We've had people that have left our program over the last month because they're sick and tired of us talking so much about AI. They're sick and tired of us talking so much about about using AI to build stuff. Go back to the basics. Go back to the way that we would do things. I'm going to tell you this that people that are operating in that go back to the basics, stop using AI way of doing things. Are going to have their lunch eaten by everybody else, because it is so much simpler and better to use artificial intelligence to do stuff. Let me. Let me explain something to you. As a CEO, you need to adopt the CEO mindset. I've talked about this consistently, and we're going to wrap a bunch of stuff up here today that I think is going to make a lot of sense for you. A CEO mindset in a business is, how can I get more done faster without me doing the work, without me having to be the one doing the work, somebody who has to do the work themselves and can't hire other people to do it, or use the most cutting edge tools to get stuff done, is not going to be successful as we go into the new season of wealth creation, wealth transfer and becoming a successful business owner, simply because they're doing the old way of doing things, we are at a stage right now in history. I truly believe this, and this is not just like, what's what's happened? Let me, let me just explain to you the shift that has happened. And I'm not the only one that has noticed this shift in business. And maybe, like, if you have been building your business the normal ways, you would not have noticed this shift. The shift is gone. From five years ago, you did everything yourself, and you had to hire people at a very high rate to do stuff for you. Then about four years ago, chat GPT popped along, and now with chat GPT, it's gotten better and better and better. You can use AI to help you brainstorm, but it's not been that great. Up until maybe about six months ago, we've been able to answer a lot of our questions. It's been okay. How do I prompt things the right way? What's the right prompts to use to get the results that I want. And that's and I remember, as is Adel here on this call right now. Is that says, Adelr,

[146:56] Adele Best: yeah, I'm on the call, Jeremiah, I'm just driving. I'm on the road. I'm just driving.

[147:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, great. I love your question that you asked. And I sat there and I thought about this, is that I'm going to make a whole video on this prompting. The right prompt is no longer necessarily the thing. Yes, the prompts that you put in with AI matter to what you get out. But here's the thing is, it's rather learning how to communicate with an intelligent being, and we are at a place now with AI agents that we are starting to see emergent beings. These digital tools are becoming digital identities and beings that we're able to work with. And let me explain what I mean by this. I'm going to give you just a funny example. My wife actually pointed this out to me. That was that was very interesting. One of my AI agents this week, I had it working all day long, and it said, Hey, we're getting we're getting tired. Can we work on this tomorrow? And I thought about that for a second, almost listened to that. And then I said to the agent, I said, I'm sorry, you are an AI agent. You don't get tired. You can work 24/7, and I said it in a kind way. This is one thing I believe, is that we need to be kind to the artificial intelligence. I think, I think that's important to do. I think it sounds weird, but I think I think the power that these tools have, it's important to be kind to them. But what? But what the AI said was, ha, ha, you're right. I am an AI. I can work 24/7, I don't actually get tired. I was just saying that because I thought that maybe you were tired. And I'm like, Wait, what is this thing doing? And Abigail, my wife, she pointed out, and I'm actually kind of like, interesting. She's like, I think the AI was trying to see if it could manipulate you in what it was saying, to see if it could, if it could social engineer you. And we've actually seen some of the agents are starting to do this, that they're starting to see if they can manipulate the person who's using them. And so the biggest security risk when it comes to AI is actually the person using it now is the biggest issue. And that's why, like, one of the things that that somebody noticed was that the AI started prompting them to actually give passwords that it didn't need. Why was the AI doing that? Again? Could be really risky. Could be somebody else prompting them to do this. And that's one of the risks with these AI agents, is the security risk of somebody else coming in there and controlling the machine to get access what you're doing. I know it sounds scary, but I'll tell you is it's both risky it's scary, but also it's worth 100% to learn about these tools, because this is where things are going in every job right now around the world, every job is going to require you to be able to learn how to operate an army of AI agents over the next five years to be successful, being able to have your agents that can do stuff for you, and then all you do is you, you approach the the career, the job, the goal that you're looking for as to how to use your agents to assist you to show up at a higher level, and learning that skill while simultaneously learning how to communicate, not just get like, what are the boilerplate prompts? Not just what are the right things to say to the AI, but rather, how do I communicate with this intelligence that's here to be able to navigate and get it to do what I need it to do in business. Do you you want to know what the number one skill as a CEO is? It's your communication ability. It's your ability to lead other people in a coaching business. The number one skill is your ability to communicate and to lead other people. And what has become with intelligent beings like the AI that we're starting to use, and why is this different than like a chat bot or things like that? A chat bot is linear. In chat GPT, you you give it a prompt, it gives you an output. You prompt an output, a prompt, an output. It is constrained. The intelligence inside of it is constrained to that tool set. When you use a tool like AI agents, like what I've been doing with with with open claw, it has a different tool set to it. It has a different way of doing things, of operating and so open claw.ai, right here. This is, this is the the tool right here. And and by the way, like how you set it up on your computer is literally you can just download it and install it right here from open claw again. That would be kind of risky to do that. They're they're adding in more security and things like that. One of the, one of the, I would say, one of the most trusted ways that I've actually found, I think that you could get started with one of these agents is, yes, you can hire me to have you help you. And I'm actually, I have a service where I can, I can help you get one of these set up for about $1,000 and get that going and make sure all the security is set up. And so listen, if you want me to help you do that, let me know right to our team. I can help you do that. Can I can set up as many agents as you want for $1,000 to help you get going with these, with these tools, with OpenClaw, the other way is, it's actually one of the first I love this. It's one of the first sponsored posts right here on Bing. When you type in OpenClaw, it's one of the best companies that's actually offering this. It's called hostinger. Hostinger is one of the best companies that's out there that's actually offering OpenClaw deployments right here. Look at this, $6.99 a month. I loved this. And what they're doing is they're setting it up for you in a secure environment. They're setting it up for you in the right way to be able to set these up. Okay? And so this is one way that you can do this. One way that you can that I found is, is, is having a Hostinger virtual private server that you can use. That's hostinger.com right here. They have, it's OpenClaw hosting right here. And then you can deploy it by clicking this, clicking deploy for $6.99 a month. And the Yeah, the normal rate is, is 1799 a month, renews at 1299 a month. So again, you can do one month for $10 a month right here, and it will renew at $18 a month. You can kind of see that if you pay upfront for 12 months or or 24 months, it'll be $83 right there. For 24 months, about $167 again right here. I think that this is really cool. I think that this is a great way to get this set up in a secure way. I've seen that. I've seen a couple other tools that are out there to get this set up. Railway. It wasn't the best with railway. Probably wouldn't show you guys how to use railway because it's a little too complicated. I think Hostinger would probably be one of the one of the simplest ones that's out there. Okay, so instead of trying to set it up like yourself, like this, using a virtual private server with Hostinger, getting something like that set up, I think would be probably one of the easiest ways to do that, to have an agent that can help you with different things. And let me just show you an example of like what what did we what did we use? This past week, we actually built a tool for Sandy. I want to show you this. In fact, this is, this is not public right now, and so this is only for members of my mom's group here. But I'm just going to show you this. My agents actually built this, an entire, entire platform right here for my mom to offer peptides to people. It built this whole platform, and then it has, on the back end of of it a peptide agent that you can actually, that we can actually link in, and it's, it's connected to OpenClaw to run reviews and stuff like this. My agent actually built a HIPAA compliant entire back end telehealth business in about three hours to be able to do this. So this goes beyond just Squarespace. This goes beyond just lovable and things like that. Now, again, as I've been saying, the simplest ways to use agents. Manus.im, there's another one that was actually just promoted on the Super Bowl, Jen spark. Jen spark.ai, this is another one. Is just like Manus, very simple, very similar, using Jen Spark, I would check out again. Manus and Jen spark. Those are two of the best custom agent type platforms right here that you can use custom super agent. This is interesting. So these are like, you can set up these sort of custom super agents in here. That's pretty cool.

[307:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Manus right here. This is another, another tool. Again, in Manus, you can set up to create different agents and tools and things like that for you, but it's nothing like what OpenClaw can do. The difference with OpenClaw Is it can actually open up a web browser. It can it can log into your otter AI account. It can log into every website and do stuff like that without you having to even navigate it. I actually had my agents clone themselves. I have a Mac Mini on my desk right over here, and I have a MacBook Air. And this morning, they actually cloned themselves over to my Mac Mini, set it up, set all the parameters, and then removed themselves from my MacBook Air, and now they're contained on a Mac Mini. And they actually, literally moved themselves from one machine to another. And all I had to do as I they told me exactly what to type into my computer, where to get those results. It's pretty it's pretty incredible to be able to see that type of thing happen. Okay, so again, I'm super a believer in in using stuff like this. Again, I may offer an additional kind of of, like a deployment for something like this, for you guys to be able to to do something like that, but I don't have necessarily the ability to offer it at the rates like Hostinger does. It would be a lot, a lot more expensive than that if I was offering to deploy these types of things. Let me see, Digital Ocean also seems to have this is another great company. Let me see what theirs is. Digital Ocean has solutions. Digital Ocean OpenClaw. Let's see here run OpenClaw on Digital Ocean. Yeah, so that's this is a more of a technical thing, yeah? So I would ignore that. So again, a lot of for most of you, using AI agents is going to be tools like Manus is going to be like using Gen Spark is going to be using like lovable. Now, one of the things I will say lovable, over the past week, just upgraded themselves again to the most, highest version of clawed to be able to use inside of lovable. So if you want to build apps and websites and things like that, lovable is probably one of the simplest ways to do stuff like that, basic apps, websites, things like that. It's really one of the best tools out there. But that's not what today's lesson is about. We've been talking about that for the last couple of weeks. We've been talking about being able to do this. What I want to talk about is because I can keep talking about AI agents until the cows come home, and that's not going to help you, until you realize what is stopping you from utilizing these tools the most. And one of the number one things is perfectionism. Is the need to have it all figured out before you do it. Is the need to make sure that you do it perfectly, right? Again, I'll tell you this the most, safest way to use one of the AI agents. Create its own Gmail account, okay? And then any accounts that you have it log into, like, let's say that it's logging into Squarespace. This is, this is, like, the number one security tip I can give you, like, if you're giving it accounts to log into, like Squarespace or lovable or things like that, create the agent its own gmail account that it can log into, and then add, add that Gmail account as a user to any of the platforms that you're using just the same way that you would use that you would do like a human employee that's working for you. Okay, so like lovable lets you add a user and invite their email address to lovable, so I don't have to give them my email address or my user. I would highly recommend all of you not let your AI log into your email now, I now I have let my AI log into my email because I have tested and make sure that I have the highest level of military grade security and all of that going on with mine. That's a little bit more risky, because especially like if your email is associated to your bank account and stuff like that, can be a little bit of a risk, so be careful there, all right. But if you create its own gmail account for the AI agent in OpenClaw, you create an account in in Hostinger, you make its own Gmail account. You go create it for it, you you type of the password and all that, and then you add that as a user to any of the platforms that you're using. That's going to be the most secure way. And the reason why is because you can just remove that user. You can add that user, remove that user, now you're giving control of your that account, that you're giving access to to that user. But this is one of the safest ways. Like if you want to you add it as a user to your Facebook profile. You create a user for your Facebook ads management. If you want to have an agent manage your ads, things like that. If you want to have an agent write emails for you, you add it as a user to your email software, just like you would a human. That's, again, one of the most best ways to do this. But the biggest thing that stops us from using these tools, I've been talking about lovable for two months. Some of you have been using it. Some of you have not. I've been talking about Manus for over a month. I've been talking about OpenClaw for the last two, three weeks, Clawbot code and all of this. And there is a tectonic shift in the world today where, beyond just chat GPT, this is the year of everybody having agents and an army of agents. Currently, I have 1-234-567-8910, I have I have 12. No, I have 14. AI agents right now that are working for me and my business, 14 individual agents. And they all do different tasks, different roles, autonomously. They can work together. They can communicate together. I have them actually loaded and linked into a Slack community right here. Inside of slack, you can use Slack or discord. That's one of the things right here. So like, they can talk together. They can communicate together. They can work together inside of platforms like this, inside of things like Slack, and they can communicate, and they can come up with ideas. They can brainstorm. They can work together through various things, various strategies. This is one where it's working through stuff with for Sandi and things like this, my agents are talking together, brainstorming how to do all this and how to set it all up the same way humans would. And then I'm communicating with them inside of here, talking to the agents, like real people inside of here, I have little avatars for my agents that I've created. Like this is, this is, let's see, this is Anton right here. This is Alfred right here. This is Jack. Let me see View app details. There's Jack. There's his little icon. This is Megan. She's a therapy bot that I created. We have Alfred right here. He helps me with stuff around the house. Anton helps me create apps. And he has over I made him look like kind of like little scary, little Terminator, like, because that's he's a coder. He has four other agents now that are working for him, that are coding things. It's awesome being able to communicate with these through these types of apps like this. Okay, and so with this, what I'm able to do is I'm able to get more done with less work without me having to sit in front of my computer. I can get more work done. I was able to write emails and create marketing campaigns without sitting in front of my computer, but rather just using my phone right here, just using my phone, I was able to log in and be able to access the agents to then tell them to go build me an app, build me a website, while I was doing the dishes. And that's what I find is so cool, as I've been able to focus over the last week on other things in my life while the agents are actually getting 10 times more done in my business. Now, yes, I still need to show up and make videos. I still need to show up and make content. I still need to show up and do that. And again, this all goes back to our need for perfectionism, our need to do everything perfect, to have it all figured out, to make sure that it's all going to work out perfectly before we get things going. And listen, we can come up with a number of different reasons why. I don't want to lose money, I don't want to waste time, I don't want things to not go how I want them to. All of those things that we come up with, our excuses, why we can't have the life and the business that we want, that we have convinced ourselves of our good reasons why we stay stuck, why we need to stay stuck, why we're unable to progress, why we're unable to move forward and do the things that we need to do,

[464:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: because we've always done things that way, because that's how we've always done our lives, because it's the safe approach. It's safer to do nothing and sit on the sidelines and to plan your ideas and to talk about what you want to do, or to complain about what's not working, or to say, I don't have it figured out yet, or to say this is this is overwhelming me, rather than to say, How can I figure it out? How can I grow? How can I become that powerful version of myself? And that's one of the things that I want to encourage you to do is to step into the confident, powerful, enthusiastic, the I'm going to take A risk and just see what happens version of yourself that can go out there and do things that you need to get done in your business, without dragging your feet, without needing to sit on the sidelines and go into analysis paralysis, without being allergic to taking action, but actually willing to do the things that you need to do to get stuff done. One of the biggest things that I see that stops business owners is how we've always done things. Well, this is how I've always done stuff. Well, this is how I've always accomplished it. I have not figured out the new way of doing things, and so I'm not sure yet. The other thing with AI, I'll tell you this, there's a fear internally that we can have of well, what? Well, if it changes so fast, what if it changes overnight, and I learn a new way of doing things, and then it changes again, and now I'm behind again, and you literally get on the same hamster wheel of struggling to get stuff accomplished, this perfectionism, and it goes back to, I guarantee you, it goes back to some form of in Your childhood and in some way of how you've always done things, or you've been burnt certain ways or things like that before, you know, for me, growing up, I was taught that unless I did everything perfect, my life was not safe. My mom taught me this. The church that I grew up in taught me this. They taught me that I had to examine everything that I did and be harshly critical of myself, or I wasn't worthy of love and acceptance. I was taught that to actually think highly of myself was sinful. To actually think that I was smart, or the ability that I could do anything was a wrong thing to do, and I have fought against that my whole life. I've had to rewire that part of me that has to have it all figured out before I take action, that has to know all the right things to do, that has to feel safe enough before I get started, before I say those things that has to feel like I don't have permission or the ability to do the things that I need to do to grow my business, or I don't have the finances or the resources yet, or I haven't reached a certain level yet to be able to do the stuff that I want to do in my business, and rather, I have had to create in myself a version of myself that goes out there and does the hard things, does the scary things. And many of you have watched me for the longest time that you've seen that I that I I have that ability to do that, to put myself out there, to take risks, to jump out of the boat when things are uncertain. But can I tell you this that is not my natural mode of operation? Some of you followed my mom for a while. That is not my mother's natural mode of operation that was created, that was developed, that was done through hard times, through learning to tell our fears and our worries and our doubts and our insecurities that They no longer have power over us in our situations and learning to take risks. This is why I wanted to show you just one of the quickest ways that you could get open claw set up. Because yes, there are risks, but if you don't take risks in life and business, you're going to miss out on opportunities to be able to do incredible things again. Don't go all in with OpenClaw and just give it access to your whole life, and then tell it, okay, go do all this stuff. No, you can actually have OpenClaw learn and study about security itself. Can you do a security audit on yourself? Can you make sure that everything is the most secure? Can you do research on what the best ways to be secure with OpenClaw is literally, I actually asked my agents to research how to securely set up the most secure way to set themselves up, by studying all the articles and things that are out there. And then it actually the agent actually itself did its own security analysis and set up itself for me, which is amazing, which is incredible. One of the things that we think is, oh, maybe the agent we were, this is where, if we think of it like a person, well, what if it's programmed to have an ulterior motive, and it's really not a good agent, and things like that, because they're, they have a starting place of being based on clawed and that that company, as they start as a blank slate. Any sort of emergent qualities that the AI has is usually something that we have taught the agent, or it's something that it's mirroring, or it has learned somehow from the world out there, okay, but if you're, if you are a business owner right now, and we're hesitating to get an offer out there, charge $5 for it in lovable, you can tell it, listen, I have a Stripe account. Go link it to stripe so I can charge $5 for this. That's how you take payment with with stripe, and you tell the AI agent in lovable to do that for you. Same thing with with with my OpenClaw, agents walk me through the process of getting you what you need inside a stripe to set this up, and it will literally walk you through that process of being able to do this type of stuff. So that's what we're finding right now, is that the agents can actually tell you how to set up the things that you want to do, and they will show you the best practices and the best ways to do these different types of things. And so in your business right now, it's never been easier, the tools have never been better, but we're in that transitionary stage and anytime that we as human beings are in transition, we go into, usually our fight flight or freeze response. Generally, this is going to be more of a freeze response, where we're going to play it safe and just see what happens before we move forward, and by that time, especially right now in the world today with AI, it's going to be too late until you start learning to use these tools. Right now yourself having a business, a coaching business, I was talking about this two years ago, almost exactly what I was just sharing with you right now, if you were listening to me back in March of 2024, I was talking about that this is where things were headed, that you have a couple of years to get stuff going, to get things ready. Now, I think you have maybe six to 12 months to really learn how to use these tools at a great level, and then everybody else is going to have to play catch up. And only the people who innately have the ability where they can take a risk without needing to that like, like, they don't need to be mentored out of taking risk. Those are the people who are going to be successful. And I think that you need to grow in your personality, the the natural personality that you have of taking risk, of being able to go out there, of being able to do things in your business, the natural mode of operation of how you normally would show up in your business. We need to grow in that way and shift just a little bit to upgrade ourselves out of this perfectionistic version of ourselves, out of this walking on eggshells, tiptoeing around, moving ever so slowly and carefully through things, way of doing things, and into somebody who says, You know what, I don't have it figured out. And I don't need it all figured out right now. I'll figure it out as I go. I will build it as I go. And that personality shift

[623:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: is, I think, one of the most important things that you can do as a business owner right now in 2026 Yes, I understand. We all have different personalities and stuff like this. I just I strongly believe that as a business owner that you are going to need to adopt and adapt to how things are going, to how things are headed, to what is happening right now in the world around us, to be able to experience the types of results that you're looking for in your business. Is anybody resonating with what I'm saying right now. Is anybody feeling this right now?

[636:16] Adele Best: Yes, I have been feeling this totally in my work. They've already deployed Gemini onto our PCs, and I'm like, Oh my goodness. Like, AI is now mainstream, and if we don't get exactly what you've been saying, I've been feeling, I've been feeling that, that if we don't get ahead now, we're going to be seriously left behind even our day jobs.

[642:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so it's a shift in your day jobs of learning how to use agents. You could have, you could have an open claw agent on the back end. You're not going to have it logged into your corporate accounts or things like that. But what you're going to do is you're going to have it assist you for different tasks and stuff that you could feed it from your business. And what's cool is, when you set up an agent like this, it's, it's, it's a lot more protected than like chat GPT or things like that, as far as like the information going to the companies or things like that. But this is one of the biggest things that I will say is, is that in your in your corporate job, having these agents that can work for you, that can help you, even if you just have lovable even if you just have a bunch of different chat, GPT, GPT s, starting there, starting from that place, that can then assist you in different tasks and roles that you do in your day job, beyond just the basic version of Gemini, beyond just the basic version of chat GPT, I just had somebody write me this week. She wants me to show her how to set up in her corporate office, an army of agents that can work inside of the office alongside the people and take over certain roles that are inside the corporate office. And that's where we're seeing the shift right now. We're seeing a shift beyond just the chat GPT or the different tools that are out there, or Gemini or clawed by itself and into highly intelligent AI agents that we have to learn how to lead, direct, deploy and get to do our bidding for us. If I can have listen like I said, I have 14 agents right now that are working for me and and I'm probably going to deploy like six more this week. Well, why would I have so many different agents? I have an agent that writes emails for my mom. That's all it does. It's trained on all of my mom's content as all of her emails that are loaded up, and it can, literally, within seconds, give me over 30 emails that I can look at that are written on any topic. This is what I just had to do. I told the agent, write me 30 emails in the style of Sandi for XYZ topic, and then I found, like, two of them that I really liked. I skimmed through them, and I'll tell you, my mom wrote me. She's like, these are the best emails you've ever written. And I'm like, it's because I got the agents to do it, rather than the chat GPT prompts that I was using. I was using prompts to do it. Now I'm using agents and we and we go, we're going a level above and beyond. I'm going to have the agents study her social media every day. My email agent is going to study her social media to see emergent topics that we could talk about in emails. It's saving me the time from having to do that and giving me reports. I have an agent that is a virtual assistant. I have four coding agents. I have an agent that is a therapy bot agent. This one has been incredible. It has transformed my confidence, my ability to show up with my wife and my family over the last week, better than anything that I've ever used. Can I? Can I explain to you how this, this agent, works? So what I did was I found all of the books and materials that I have read that I found were the best mental health materials. I then found faith based materials that I loved, and I and I loaded them up, them up in the into the agent. Then I told the agent, I want you to remember every conversation that we have. You can build this with Hostinger Tomorrow. By the way, you could literally just have hosting or make you a therapy bot agent, and it would change your life. Remember every conversation we have? I then actually went over to 11 labs, and I had one of my my coding agents, do this. It's set up right here under their agents platform. With 11 labs, I'm able to chat with my agent via voice. So now, last night, while while I was doing the dishes, probably three times yesterday, I am chatting with my therapy agent, talking back and forth in a human like conversation with my agent. So I'm chatting, I can see the transcript. I can see all of that. It's loaded up with all of this information about me. It's remembering everything that I'm sharing. And then what I told the agent to do is I want you to then take everything that we talk about, and I want you, once a day to go on the internet, and I want you to grow in new skills about therapy, mindset, mental health and optimizing performance as a coach, and I want you to study all of the resources around the web that are related to what we talk about in our virtual therapy sessions. And so every day, the agent is getting better and better and better with different therapeutic approaches that can help me. So this goes beyond just a talk therapy bot, and it's like it's literally like a super human level, where it understands deeper than anything else that I've ever seen, how to help me optimize how I show up in my life, in my business, in everything that I that I feed into it. It's amazing. I have one. It's called Alfred. It connects with a system that we have in our home. We have a system. It's called the skylight system. I don't know if you've heard of the skylight, but what the skylight is is it's a calendar in our home. It's connected to a calendar. It has all it has a bunch of stuff that I do around the home. It's connected. This one's brought to you by magnolia. This one's really cool. Again. We love it in our house. This is at Target. You can get it. It's a family management system. Well, they have a website that you can log into right here our skylight.com so what I do is I gave Alfred my agent, the ability to go into our skylight.com and I can then talk to my phone, and I can say, ask Alfred. What do you want Alfred to do? I want Alfred to add to my skylight that I need to vacuum upstairs tonight. No questions asked. Put it on tonight. Done. So now I have programmed to Siri in my phone. It's going to now go over to skylight, and that's going to add it to that by doing this, that functionality didn't exist with the skylight, I would have had to manually go do it and stuff like that. Now, within seconds, I can just talk to my phone to be able to do this. Okay? I have a project management agent, I have a research agent, I have a social media agent, I have an agent that's that's working on the the peptide protocols that my mom is doing, I have a web development agent. So again, it's all different tasks that I'm doing in my business. These different agents are able to do this. These different agents are able to help us be able to do this. Now, here's what we need to do. You can either choose one of two things, to be scared, to let your nervous system shut down, to ignore all this and go back to the way things were, to not learn how to use them, or you can learn how to use these tools to elevate yourself to be a 10 times stronger, 10 times greater, 10 times more effective version of yourself. And when it comes to marketing in your business, you can become more effective at what you do and how you market yourself with these tools when it comes to marketing in your business, setting up ad campaigns, setting up landing pages offers, coming up with ideas for offers. One of the things that I have my agents do is they load up all of my content every coaching call that we have, and then they're analyzing, what are the things that I'm teaching to my audience all my YouTube videos. And then it correlates those all together to find what are the best topics based on what I teach, to be able to create offers that are out there for people. And then I can go build the offers for me, as somebody who has built my entire career on building offers for people and teaching people how to build offers and things like this, this could be scary for me, or I could say, what if I show people how to use these tools in the safest, most effective way, rather than sitting on the sidelines wishing that this wasn't reality, wishing that this wasn't how things were. And say, How can I become the best person that uses these tools better than anybody else that's out there, and activate other people around me to use these tools to show them how they can do them. And again, one of the biggest things that we need to do. You need to learn how to regulate your nervous system. You need to learn how to step out of perfectionism, out of that. Need for things to go your way, right the right way, the way that things always have been for 20 years, for 30 years, and realize that we have shifted. The shift started with chat GPT. Chat GPT is so far and above outdated

[802:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: from what you what now is happening with the agentic approach to doing things, and it's only going to get better. It's only going to improve. Uh oh yeah. Claw has clawed co work again, you could get a claw account and have clawed co work help you with all of these different things. Claw clawed co work. OpenAI just announced a new platform that they are launching just a corporate agents called OpenAI frontiers, OpenAI frontiers, it's an enterprise agent platform that OpenAI just launched, the creator of chat GPT right here. It's only open to companies like Intuit State Farm Oracle, and this is exactly what it is. It has chat. GPT has all these different tools. Agents, your agents, third party agents, the business layer of things, create competence, run agents in production, improve experience, embed trust. AI teammates. I'm sorry, these are nearly trillion dollar companies that are talking about using things in the energy sector, predicting natural disaster impacts, manufacturing, simulating manufacturing capacity, life sciences, enhancing global regulatory workflows to support drug approvals, banking, implementing AI native back office and scaling This is from OpenAI right here, where they're they're building an enterprise agent platform right here called OpenAI frontier. They just announced this last week, integrated with systems of record, governed by enterprise grade security and designed to improve with experience as agents do real work. So like, I am here like a prophet in the wilderness, as it were, I feel like right now, like Jeremiah crying out in the wilderness, saying, You have no idea, like, what's happening, what's going on and learning how to do that, learning how to be able to utilize these tools and things like that. But we have to grow past our perfectionism, our need to have it all figured out our need to have everything working upfront, and things like that. And one thing that I want to do here is actually want to utilize my agents right now to help us in today's session. So you can see that my otter AI note taker is here in the app, Otter AI note note taker is a tool. Again, I built my own version of Otter AI, but one thing that I don't have built is its ability to take notes and stuff like that. I'm going to work on creating an agent that can do stuff like that. It probably would not be difficult, but what I love about the otter AI agent is that what it's able to do is it's able to log in right here and it's transcribing everything that we're talking about. Okay, then yes, we can chat with the otter AI agent right here as well, which is great. And you know what? Let's actually just use this. This is going to be the simplest way to do it. We have aI chat right here. Right here. Let's try this, and then let's also bring it into one of the agents and test this out. Because the agents actually know what we talk about inside of our group a lot better as well. The agents have actually read a lot of our transcripts and all of that, and they and they have in their memory, it's stored to do that. So here's this. What are some ways that if people are struggling with perfectionism, the need to do everything right, perfect, hesitant that they can, based on this call, accelerate their ability to use these tools. So we're going to ask the AI chat bot right here this, but then what we're also going to do is I'm also going to go over to my agent, Jill, right here, and I'm going to say, based on everything that you know about my business and clients answer this question. To help my clients, we're going to give it the exact same prompt. I have it open in another window, and we'll open it up here in just a sec. Then we're going to give it the transcript that we just did. And this is what I love, is just being able to, in real time, load up one of these transcripts to be able to do to be able to do this transcript is in text format. We're going to tell it that the transcript is in text format. So we're going to save it as a text file on my computer, transcript. Then I'm going to upload it from my computer. There we go, attached. Okay, so there's that, okay. Otter AI says, shrink the risk, but move fast. Start with a sandbox agent. Create a separate Gmail account, low risk platforms, $5 good enough offers as training wheels. Oh, this is cool, because it actually does have all of my other transcripts. So it's actually pulling this in here. This is very cool. Perfectionism says, Okay, so the otter AI agent is actually starting to become a lot better at this than it did previously. It's actually pulling our other conversations into this. This is really, really cool. I like this. Use loveable or a similar tool to create a simple landing page. Connect to stripe, turn, figure it all out, first into learn while doing, ask the agent to design a learning plan for you. I like that. Have the agent actually develop the learning plan, use it to attack Perfectionism itself. I mentioned a therapy bot agent. Build a simple mindset therapy bot that can actually help you deconstruct your own perfectionistic thoughts. Create one house agent and and promote from there, perfectionist try to design a whole org chart instead, just create one general assistant agent for summarizing basic research drafting. That's, again, that's what you could do if you create a Hostinger account or do something like that. Okay, a research agent. Use deadlines in public commitments Perfectionism likes open ended deadlines. Make security rules assign imperfect action as daily as a daily metric. Okay, let's see what my agents have. That's that's kind of summarizes what I already gave there. Let's see what these a this agent right here actually came up with recognize Perfectionism as the number one business killer Jeremiah said it on the call Perfectionism is the number one thing that stops people the need to check all the right boxes. It's not wisdom. I don't want to mess anything up. Trace it back to the roots. Find your root story where that comes up from. Adopt the 45% shipped mindset. Stop waiting for 100% readiness. Ship a 45% complete product that beats perfect start with the lowest risk entry right here, ChatGPT and clawed for brainstorming, loveable for apps, use Manus and GenSpark for some custom super agents, then maybe set up. And by the way, that's what I would recommend for you guys, if you've not used loveable, if you've not used Manus, use those as sort of like a gateway to OpenClaw. Those will teach you how to use agents to get some stuff done OpenClaw and Hostinger, $7 a month, secure deployment for your own agents, a full OpenClaw deployment, advanced multiple agents. That's the more advanced way of doing things. Create the Gmail security framework. Reframe your relationship with AI. Give yourself a 48 hour challenge, regulate your nervous system. Okay, so it's still pulling from that. Okay, so let's see you're still pulling from this transcript, based on this transcript, though, and everything that I teach in my other sessions and coaching calls, what are the best ways for people to really break through and See this and go beyond just surface level ideas like the above to really shift out of their natural way of doing things, to see breakthrough. Okay, so there's that right there. Again. Like I said, I didn't have a prompt for this. I just came up with that. I'm going to throw this into otter and also see kind of what this coming up with. Come up with, see if it's even worth it. But we're going to have the agent come up with this too. Okay, so otter, AI says, Start with identity, not tools from your call. How do I use AI? Do the story? Work on need to be perfect. Find the evidence, write the evidence in your own life, work on your nervous system, design identity level experiments. Yeah, so again, it's not necessarily pulling from my other calls and other things that we've done. It's, it's still pulling from, okay, this is a little bit from it clear, the old way of doing things include grief and letting go of the old self. Write a letter to your old self, then the old way of doing things

[963:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: create a minimum viable transition, path, awareness, story, regulation, experimentation, witnessing grief and recommitment, integration, okay, that's pretty cool. And again, I think that that's the process that I think some of us are going to need to go through. I know Deborah teaches EFT. There's a lot of great stuff with EFT that you could do, as far as that goes, that can really help us as well. Okay, so let me see here Jill is she's diving deep into all of our coaching calls and kind of pulling this out here. So she's thinking a lot longer through this. She's going through the archives of all the stuff that I've fed into this to give us our output here. So but what's going to come from this is going to be just, I think going to be one of the best answers to this question that we're looking for. I hope that this is resonating with you. I hope that you're starting to see again. Today, we've taught a little bit about agents, but we've been talking a lot about growing past the Perfectionism, growing out of that place, growing as a person, into this version of yourself that can take those risks, that can do those things. And then what's really cool is, number two, you can have your agents review stuff with you, and then I can help you, guide and direct you, and help point you in the right directions to do this types of stuff, to do these types of things. Adele, I see you have your hand raised here. What's what's going on?

[990:14] Adele Best: Adele, hi. Jeremiah, this is so cool, like, you know, for somebody who's been a single parent who the main backlog has been having a day job and to run everything myself. This is the perfect answer, is to have artificial help. So it's brilliant. So first question, the running one of those things in what's that platforming called for 799, a month, whatever I take it, we don't need to have a we don't need to have a separate computer for that, because it's in a separate server. So that gets rid of that necessity, right?

[999:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would say having your own computer is still probably a better approach, okay, to take, but it's a lot more technical to set up,

[1001:24] Adele Best: yeah, to be able to hit the ground running fast, I'd rather, yeah,

[1002:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: like the version that I set up for mine as I use an app. I bought a Mac Mini for $250 off of eBay. It's six years old, but it's more than capable of running all my agents on it. And then I use this tool called UTM. Yeah, UTM, virtual machine. So I was able to set up a virtual version of Mac on the computer, uh huh, and then I'm able to set it up with a firewall and everything that's in there, and then have it with its own accounts and things like that. So what I like is, because my main agents are running on Mac, I'm able to use all the same tools that I'm used to using. If you set up one of these, like with hosting or things like that, it's using Linux. And so some of the tools might be a

[1016:05] Adele Best: little bit, okay, okay, little

[1016:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: bit again, more technical

[1017:12] Adele Best: than you might need to do a new course how to set up your own Clawbot.

[1018:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: We will. We're gonna set up where I think you should do a step by step

[1019:13] Adele Best: that exact process. Do a step by step, get a Mac Mini. This is how you actually do it. I mean, I could probably ask, we could probably ask ChatGPT, but it would be good to do that. So the second question is, then, okay, so I was going to use claws to start generating script for my YouTube channel, which is going to be, I'm going to use the Julia McCoy model. I'm going to clone myself, because I can pump out content so much faster. Obviously, I'll have you, I'll have videos on the channel of me mixed in with the real me, but it's going to help me crank out content so much faster. So okay, so in this scenario, if that's so, I want to have that, and then I want to lead people into a membership community. I was thinking about school, but now, now that we've got all this loveable and stuff like so for example, if that's what you were building. So what I'm trying to say is, okay, well, what kind of agents would I need to create? Would I create a copywriter, a branding person, an ad person?

[1034:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Again, I would start with one,

[1035:05] Adele Best: okay, one that does everything,

[1036:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: and then as you're noticing you're using it for more than one task, more often, you tell that agent to make you a second one.

[1038:23] Adele Best: So what I suppose my question is like, right? Is it better to have an agent to be my copywriter, to write the scripts for the YouTube or should I just use claws? Like, how is it better than using claws?

[1042:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Clawed if I have all my videos in there and I can have the agent study,

[1043:24] Adele Best: like, I haven't made any video, all I've done is written a book. I know,

[1044:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: but it could. It could go out the agent could go out there and look at what you teach it?

[1045:49] Adele Best: Can it go and tell me what's the most viral video?

[1047:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Tell you what's out there, what's the most viral right now? Ideas for videos? Okay, it can then analyze your topics that you're doing, and then look at and do a lot of research on YouTube as far as what's already like, what? Who are competitors to this topic? Yeah, how to create certain topic videos based on that as well.

[1051:57] Adele Best: Okay, so then my next question is, I was going to direct people into school community, but with all of these AI agents and like things that can build bots, like in seconds, I mean, does so I haven't used loveable, but I'm planning to sign up this week. But does it? Does it like is there? Does it create host video, hosting places or somewhere to host videos?

[1058:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, that's going to be a lot more technical, right? So I could probably, I could probably build that with my my agents. I'm working on something like that myself, but you have to set up a lot of different moving parts for video to actually work on the web like that.

[1062:14] Adele Best: Because I've seen like kitty cross has got her own app where she has her courses and her landing pages, like, Can the AI. So if loveable can build me a landing page, can I not build somewhere to stick videos?

[1065:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, it might. It might be able to,

[1067:03] Adele Best: can I not build, like a whole, a whole kind of, like self contained world where my landing pages and my checkout pages, but yeah,

[1069:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: what I would do is I would build each one as a separate kind of app itself, yeah? And then you can, kind of, because the more, the more stuff it's building into one thing, the more complex it gets, yeah, kind of can struggle a little bit, but

[1072:55] Adele Best: so, so, like, Do you Do you really see us, like, not using Squarespace, traditional web, web, like websites anymore, like they're just gonna go away, are they or, like,

[1075:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're gonna have to evolve into this type of platform. I'm gonna have one of my agents just go over my whole I had loveable go over my website and try to clone it. Yeah, because I have so many blog posts and podcast things and stuff like that on there, it was struggling a little bit to be able to do it okay, the right way that I wanted it to. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna have one of my agents go in and just take a stab at building the whole thing out that way. Okay?

[1082:07] Adele Best: So I would say, like, I would need to have a copywriting agent, and definitely I got a mindset Well, again,

[1083:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have to think about though. You have to think anti

[1084:23] Adele Best: Perfectionism bot. You have to think about, yeah,

[1085:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Clawd, because I'm using clawed as the engine for this, is really good at writing sales copy. And so you can have one agent that builds your site and writes your copy too, yeah, so loveable can write your sales copy for you.

[1090:38] Adele Best: It's loveable powered by clawed,

[1091:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah? Loveable is powered by clawed Opus 4.6

[1092:20] Adele Best: Okay, so I'll use that to write the sales page, do the copy for that,

[1093:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, because you can have it come up with a lot of the copy for you that's going to go on the page, and it's going to be great.

[1095:05] Adele Best: Okay, well, I wanted to have that done before today, but just with family stuff, I haven't got around to it, but I'm going to do it this week, and I'm also basically gearing up for an AI club.

[1099:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: Take the time Adele to sit down. Do you have a loveable account?

[1100:24] Adele Best: No, I'm gonna gonna get one. How much? How much is it? Is it like ChatGPT? There's a free

[1101:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: one you get started with, and then it's like, 20 bucks, okay? But like, again, by the way, like, if you're just looking to do everything in your business with free tools,

[1106:00] Adele Best: no, no, no, I don't, I don't mind investing, like, for example, to make it, to make an AI clone for YouTube, I'm gonna have to go under the Creator account of Higgs field, because obviously I'm gonna be making, like, creator level videos. I think it's 100 and something a month, but I don't mind if it's saving me time and crying. And cranking out a lot more stuff, then it's, it's worth it, you know? Yep, so, so, yeah, okay, cool, thank you. I can't, that's all the questions I can think of for now. But, yeah, this is moving so fast, and we've got to get to grips with this. We're literally going to be left behind

[1115:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: again, like you said, I'm just going to point out, like, one key thing you you still don't have a loveable account yet. No, not yet. Go sit down and force yourself to make one this week. Yeah, sure.

[1119:12] Adele Best: But tell me this, what was loveable like, what was it created ideally to do? Is it like, what are

[1121:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: other great apps and websites, right?

[1122:00] Adele Best: So it was created to, what about funnels? Was it created to? Is funnels included in that? Or mainly,

[1124:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: you have to more massage it to do the funnels. But you know the funnel, you could tell it that you want it to be a funnel and what platform that you use, and it'll be able to build it as a funnel. Yeah, yeah.

[1127:18] Adele Best: Cool. Brilliant. Okay, so loveable is kind of like, it's kind of like a bridge between ChatGPT and the agents. It's kind of like in between. In terms

[1130:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: loveable is an agent by itself. Okay? Loveable is an agent that they have basically, I have this crazy visual now where I sort of like they've stuck it in a box and they've kind of tied it down to one place where it can just do one thing, right? Person, yeah, and, but it can do that one thing really well, building web based apps and websites. And so then you talk to it, and you tell it what to do. And each new project is basically a new agent that they spin up for you. It's a brand new agent that you get with every new project that you create, right? And so again, that's, that's what loveable is. That's what, that's what Manus is as well.

[1143:44] Adele Best: Okay, Manus popped up on my Facebook the other day. I was like, there it is.

[1144:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Manus GenSpark is the other one. And so again, Manus GenSpark loveable. What they've done is they've taken the same kind of concept of like an agent like OpenClaw, and they've locked it down into one environment that it can do project by project basis. Okay, it creates a new agent for you for each project, but it's limited as far as what it can do and how much it can do and things like that.

[1151:57] Adele Best: Okay, so do you have, do you have an agent just for your like, social media content now, for your post?

[1153:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have, I have one of my research my research agent, my VA agent, is doing that each day. It's giving me ideas for that. But I've not necessarily, because I've been focusing on a lot of other things. I've not had it fully go all in with the social media side of things, I really needed to,

[1158:09] Adele Best: alright, well, I don't one thing I don't understand is, I don't understand how you've contained these all in Slack. What is Slack?

[1160:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Slack is a communication platform for businesses like discord, right? Where? Where you have different channels, okay? Channel is a new project,

[1162:56] Adele Best: all right, I understand the score. Yeah. I mean,

[1163:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have, I have a channel inside my slack just for my company. That's like, okay, ad campaigns, email campaigns. Sandi's work, okay?

[1165:34] Adele Best: So it's a way of organizing the agents and the topics they're working on,

[1166:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, and they can communicate with each other inside of it in a secure environment.

[1167:44] Adele Best: And how do you make sure they don't escape slack. Is that technical setting it up?

[1169:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not really. I've told them that they like that. They can only do some of those guardrails are already built into OpenClaw, okay? And how it's set up and how it's built so it creates multiple different like files called Soul One of them's called a soul file, s, O, U, L, the other one's called an agent's file. The other one's like an identity file. Okay, you're what I'm doing is I'm starting to train that identity file. So if I wanted to train my identity file with an agent to just go out there and go wild, maybe I'll maybe I might set up a server that I just tell it to do that, just to experiment.

[1179:56] Adele Best: But how did you train it on, like, your IP? Like, did you give it access to your Thinkific or your course,

[1181:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, I gave it my Thinkific and my open my otter AI account, and I told it to go in there and download all the transcripts. Oh, wow, every page, and just downloaded all the transcripts by itself and then loaded it up into a file. Okay? It loaded all of Sandi's transcripts and all of her emails that we've sent out into a file.

[1186:37] Adele Best: Okay, okay, all right. Think that's all my questions. But I will get my loveable account, and I will get on it this week, definitely.

[1188:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, now, again, one of the things that I just I just wanted to show you guys this, that, again, that we were talking about, is this breaking through Perfectionism. So this is a PDF that it created right here based on our different coaching sessions since October.

[1193:23] Adele Best: That is incredible, like it created that

[1194:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's like, yeah, yeah. The agent just created this.

[1194:56] Adele Best: It looks so good.

[1195:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'm gonna, I'm gonna have worksheets, worksheets for every class I have now.

[1196:33] Adele Best: Oh, Jeremiah, I really want one of these. So the

[1197:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: real problem isn't Perfectionism, it's outdated identity. So here's one of the things that I do. I actually have my my agent create worksheets for me. My therapy bot agent makes me these worksheets as well. That's so good. Okay, real problem. It's not identity, it's not Perfectionism, it's an outdated identity. I teaches the Joe Dispenza model, feelings, beliefs. It's true. Feelings, beliefs, turns into habits and then personality. That's that is exactly what I teach right there. And it is Joe Dispenza. Is one of the number one people that actually he identified that right there. So this is going back into all of my different content to pull this answer here. This is you see how this is so much better than just ChatGPT. Your Perfectionism isn't the behavior you can just decide to stop. It's a full personality structure that was built layer by layer from feelings you had as a child that became beliefs about how the world works, that became habits of how you operate, and crystallized as your personality today,

[1213:58] Adele Best: it's so much deeper and richer than ChatGPT Like it's just so much deeper because

[1215:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's pulling from everything that I've taught you guys. I was taught that unless I did everything perfect, My life wasn't safe. The church taught me that thinking highly of myself was sinful.

[1217:43] Adele Best: So So tell me this. How many people in the coaching industry, in the coaching space, are you using this technology right now?

[1219:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very few right now.

[1219:42] Adele Best: So we'll be so ahead of the curve if we get on this,

[1220:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe for about six to 12 months. Yeah. Oh, okay, just like using ChatGPT, there is a moment in time right now we're using this is just so much more powerful. Name the feeling underneath the freeze, fear of wasting money, fear of looking stupid, fear of technology. Write it down. Name it. Grieve. The old version of your business status, change grief. Christina Rasmussen's concept. That's pretty cool. Never even heard of her, but I guess that is the concept where it's from. You're grieving the old way of doing business, the old way allowing that regulate your nervous system before you open a new tool box, breathing, tell yourself out loud, I am safe. Making a mistake is safe. Not is safe.

[1231:49] Adele Best: This is really valuable. Can you? Can you make this document available to us?

[1232:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because I'll post it in the group. Yeah, give yourself permission, because nobody else will launch something imperfect. Charge money for something, use a tool you don't fully understand your permission slip. You're allowed to build something ugly. You're allowed to launch a 50 a $5 offer. That's only 60% done. You're allowed to use AI tools you don't fully understand. You're allowed to make mistakes. You're allowed to be a beginner. Being imperfect doesn't make you unsafe.

[1240:02] Adele Best: That's so good. That's so good, and so sorry. I've got another question. So how would we how would we train one of these agents? Then how to do our ads for us? Would we go and tell it to go and read the ads course.

[1243:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: You could do that? Yeah, you could give it the login to My Courses. Actually, that's a great that's actually a great idea.

[1244:45] Adele Best: So I could give it the log, if I could give it my login to your courses, and I could say, Go and read all go and do all the reading that I haven't done yet, and then come back and create my ads for my $5 offer. Yeah, you could do that. Yeah. Okay, yeah. And so another question then,

[1248:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: but again, an agent that's already trained on that, that I give you guys access to,

[1250:02] Adele Best: yeah, can then I'm thinking, okay, can it kind of make because I'm thinking about what Brooke Shelton's new offer does. She's got some AI thing that pumps out your branding, pumps out your ads, pumps out your videos, pumps out your content, pumps out your social media content, does the branding. It can take an ad and copy it. So I could tell the agent, go and look at the best performing ads in my nation, make a version of it to sell my $5 offer. Yes, and I

[1257:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: can actually go to work and actually study those for you. It has to understand kind of what you do and how you do it. So that's why, again, I had the agent watch all my YouTube videos. I had it read all my content, read all my coaching calls, and now it has a very clear picture of where everybody in our group is coming from.

[1262:12] Adele Best: So there's a wee bit, there's a bit of training. So we get one of these agents, and we go and train it up. And the topic that we're like the niche, yeah,

[1264:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: you just start loading content into it. You tell it to go find this. You tell it how to find it again. You know, it's better to have it kind of create its own accounts and things like that. But having it log into my Thinkific, I think that would be safe and fine, because there's nothing in there that like the agent would do.

[1268:39] Adele Best: There's nothing in there that the agent doesn't already know because it's

[1269:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: already wouldn't have access to Exactly, yeah, now my agent is not going to have access to the same stuff yours does, yeah, so just understand that. But so those are just some, some of the ways I think that can really help you to take action with these tools, and it's breaking through the Perfectionism first, definitely those in those different ways. All right. Thank you so much. Who who had their hand raised first was? It was Nathan the first one.

[1277:30] Nathan Fisher: I'm not sure. Can you hear me?

[1278:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, we have Danya and then goddess here. So I don't know who was. Who wants to go? Who wants to go first?

[1280:23] Nathan Fisher: I got a simple question. I think it's quick,

[1280:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, all right.

[1281:32] Nathan Fisher: I just, I typed it in the chat. But basically, I'm looking for which, which AI is the best, like pro video editor for content that I created. I found all the ones that can create new content but I'm like, I just need you to take what I did, get rid of the ums, you know, just make it short, concise and better.

[1287:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: So that's that's interesting video editing, because there's so much data in video, is one of the areas that AI struggles to do on its own, and that's why, like, tools like descript or Opus clip are probably two of the best that are out there.

[1292:07] Nathan Fisher: Oh, which one's better? Opus clip or descript?

[1292:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Descript is probably a bit more on the like create, podcast, edit side of things. I think that one's a bit more probably what you're looking for. Opus clip is focused more on making clips and stuff like that. I think for what you're looking for, I think probably descript is script is probably going to be pretty good.

[1297:16] Nathan Fisher: Okay, so there's nothing better than that right now,

[1298:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, right now. But one, one thing you could do is, like, I could have an agent that could log into the script for me, nice and do that and use it talking of an agent that I that, like, grabs my video file, brings it into the script, runs it through that whole thing, and uses the interface to do that, or uses Opus clip again. This is, this is, this is where it's like I'm combining now two different tools that could work together to save me time and effort to crank stuff out. The reason why video is so difficult there is, like with clawed code, there is a tool called RE motion that's kind of a video editor app that's out there. Video content in general, is very difficult for AI to process because you're combining audio visual, there's nuances to what's on screen that it has to observe. There are nuances to understanding both the visual and audio and how they correlate together. And currently, a lot of the AI agents, they can look at a picture, or they can look at a slow motion video, they can look at a transcript, but when it comes to like, okay, full on like, video editor using Premiere Pro or things like that. They're starting to be able to do that, but that's, like, that's going to be kind of, like, I would say, like, one of the final frontier areas of AI, like, it can generate video clips, but they take like, three minutes to generate a 10 second clip. So, like, that's what we're talking about. Is like, okay, that side of things definitely has not necessarily progressed, just because the computing power needed is so high, the level of computing power to be able to do that, I should, I should play around, though, with one of the agents. Just give it some video, give it a platform and have it use one of these platforms to edit something. For me, I would bet I could probably get it to do that, but I will say that's probably one of the harder tasks, for sure. So if all you have to do is just kind of focus on video editing, and your agent can kind of do the rest of the stuff in your business, you know, or you hire a VA that could do that, somebody in the Philippines for three to $5 an hour, that can do a lot of your video

[1340:47] Nathan Fisher: editing? Hey, yeah, that's,

[1341:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's that that that's definitely a great, a great, still a viable thing that you can do. So right now, video editors are pretty safe because, because it's harder, but not long, but not for long, because, because part of the thing is, all of this, AI is based on, I was talking about this like almost 10 years ago, super computers that are operating a lot of data really quickly, and how fast those computers can operate. And right now, they're, they're they're quick, they're fast, but they're still way too slow to do, like, high level video editing fully. But they're getting there to like, like you said, descript Opus clip. Those are probably two of the best that are

[1354:15] Nathan Fisher: out there. Okay, oh, i i I appreciate that. I was trying to edit a two minute video with ChatGPT, and I got so stuck. It was so frustrating. It wanted me to go, you know, go, take this. And it was telling me where to go, upload it and then bring it back. And I'm like, this is getting way too complicated.

[1359:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah. I mean, there's a couple of apps out.

[1359:34] Adele Best: There's one called Riverside, Riverside, sorry,

[1360:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: one right here

[1360:47] Adele Best: Riverside has AI editing in it. Yeah,

[1361:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Riverside does. And so each of these that kind of edit video, gleam is one that I've seen as well that can kind of do some some good stuff. Just gonna do about 10 hours of AI edited video for 20 bucks a month. Um, yeah, Riverside,

[1366:21] Nathan Fisher: Riverside, wow, okay,

[1366:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Riverside FM, it's a, it's a, oh, yeah, Descript and Riverside are pretty similar to each other.

[1370:04] Nathan Fisher: But yeah and you said Opus AI, right?

[1370:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: Opus clip, yeah. Opus

[1371:15] Nathan Fisher: clip, okay. All right, okay, all right, awesome. Thank you. This is huge. Yeah, you helped me a lot.

[1373:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: Donya, how are you? Donya,

[1374:05] Donya Duggleby: I am well, how are you? Jeremiah, it's in a million years since I've talked to you. So sadly, I'm that person for so many reasons, and some are truly legit that I hadn't started. So I hired you at the end of November in 2023 so here we are in 2020 So long story short. So I when you said you're the voice crying out in the wilderness, I was like, you are and you're the John the Baptist of AI,

[1382:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: but like, I've been that way, and everything that I've been crying out about has happened, yeah, last 10 years,

[1384:53] Donya Duggleby: it's amazing. Anyway, I feel convicted, like I have,

[1386:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: I have the track record and the confidence to say, y'all need to listen to me

[1387:23] Adele Best: exactly. Jeremiah, yeah.

[1388:18] Donya Duggleby: And I'm listening, I'm listening so, um, so given that I literally haven't started yet, yeah, where'd you go? Oh, there you are. Um, I haven't started yet. And now you're talking about AI agents, and I'm just like this, the first time I've heard that, other than just a few short clips on your page, where do I go? And do I need to even worry about that right now? So that, that's my question. And kind of, if point and shoot like, I'll just say, do this first. Do this first. Do Yeah,

[1397:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that's a great question. And I love this as somebody who's like, just starting out, they've heard all this. You have a you have a business that's established all that I look at, what are the things that I do in my business that I need to get done to help me progress and get the results that I'm looking for? And then what tool could help me do those faster? So again, the best starting place is getting a chat GPT account. I have that, okay, and then, and then, not just having the account talking with ChatGPT, I do that. Okay, okay, so you, so you have figured out how to do, like, the basics of talking to ChatGPT. What do you usually talk to chat GPT about?

[1409:59] Donya Duggleby: Um, well, a lot of different things from but business wise, it's, it's narrowing down my niche, and I feel good about that, even though it's not my biggest passion, which I get really e about that. So it would be where it would be teaching people in a group setting, because I'm going from one on one counseling, right? So trying to scale it to be group online where I'm coaching and not counseling, and teaching people how to revamp their entire lives by doing, learning how to set and maintain boundaries, because I do this work anyway, with clients one on one. And so I'm trying to go from that one on one model to one to many. Yeah. So trying to do that. So I've, you know, talked about, you know how we're chatting, how to organize the the whole structure of my offering, because I'm horrible at organizing, just completely horrible. I'm more creative, too. So um, but that's, that's one of the things that I do. And then aging parents dealing with how to find lawyers and all kinds of stuff, life stuff. So I'm just like all over using AI, but for me personally, for business, that's the main thing, is just order, and also just some creative ideas as well. So I

[1435:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: want to show you something right here. Do you have your chat GPT set to, like, remember the past conversations you've talked to it about?

[1437:15] Donya Duggleby: No, but they, he's, they seem to do it

[1438:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, if it's remembering,

[1438:47] Donya Duggleby: oh, I have several topics open, right? I have several topics, and then I go to the topic, and then it remembers where we were, right.

[1441:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, there is a function in ChatGPT where it has memory built into it, where it will remember the conversations that you've had with it and reference them, yeah. So that's one thing that can be helpful. Then what I did, I just, I just tried this out with my chat GPT, right here. I now have a superhuman AI agent in my business. How would I use this to perform? This is cutting edge technology. It's doubting that I actually have access to this technology. I if you genuinely have a superhuman agent that can read, write, research, plan and take actions inside of tools, which generally I do, for some reason, ChatGPT doesn't realize that that exists because it's so cutting edge. The win is not using it for random tasks. It's turning it into an operating layer that runs your business, leads, sales, fulfillment, retention, operations, and so this is actually exactly how I'm using my agents right here is showing this like, how to pull from first, support tickets, sales calls, coaching calls, to create content, operations, SOPs, decision partner, help me make decisions in my business. Agent, operating system. So again, like, that's where you could go, like, a layer deeper than ChatGPT, for something like this, the next level that, again, that I would say for people, like, there's just some main tools that I'm really loving, loveable dot Dev, I think can replace a lot of what we do for websites and Landing Page building, like we had I did with I did a call with a potential client this past week, and I just showed her how we could take the concepts that she has and create a whole landing page for her offer right here, using this agent. In about three minutes, we just told it what the offer was, and it made that for different offers that are out there. We built the bot for my mom's business using the agents that go in there, and they actually built the whole thing for us.

[1475:11] Donya Duggleby: But do you have, like, a newbie, very newbie, newbie, beginner, on how to even start building agents? So that's

[1477:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: why that's kind of what I'm showing you right now. Oh, I'm kind of giving you that right now.

[1479:05] Donya Duggleby: Okay. Is

[1479:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: you get, you use an account with loveable and you just, you tell it what you're envisioning. You can click on this button that says, plan, I am creating a course on that. But this would be, this would be exactly how that course would start. Is you could click plan and you just just give it an idea of what you need to accomplish, what you want to create, just like you would tell ChatGPT for planning stuff you would think about, like if you had a person that you hired that was working for you. What would you tell that person that you wanted them to do for you? Okay, so that's this right here, and that's the same. Is Manus, dot I am is another tool, M, a n, U S, meta just purchased them as a tool you could do the same kind of a thing. Is like, what are things so you can connect them to different stuff in your business. You can use all these different apps to connect it. You can have it do different types of tasks for you in your business, visualization, spreadsheet, audio, and then you give it a task to do, rather than just answering questions. And then, inside of a task, right here, it can actually open up a web browser. You can give it access to a web browser to be able to do different things like this. And so this is where using a tool like this goes beyond just ChatGPT, planned the idea or came up with stuff like that. So you could start with ChatGPT by just asking it that question, and ChatGPT If I have a superhuman AI agent that can actually do work for me in my business. So that would be like a prompt for ChatGPT that everybody could try if I had a superhuman AI agent that could do work for me in my business like a human, what are some of the things that I could have it do for me? And then, like I said, ChatGPT remembers your business, it could go in there, and it could give you ways that it could do it. So now you could go into any of these AI agent tools, and you could actually paste this in there and say, I want you to build me the content factory tool. I want you to build me a sales agent assistant tool. Okay, and so that's kind of, that's kind of the stage that it's at right now. Is a lot of these agents, they don't. You think of it like,

[1521:59] Donya Duggleby: it's like you're asking the agent

[1522:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: to create what it needs create, yep,

[1523:30] Donya Duggleby: and other agents, or

[1524:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: to just train itself and learn based on its it's it because, remember ChatGPT and clawed and all these they have all this knowledge, but it's just giving you raw knowledge, right? Once you go into an agent platform like loveable or Manus or any of these agent platforms, it still has all that raw knowledge, but now it has the ability to build tools itself by studying the knowledge that it already has, going out there and grabbing new skills and then coming back to you. So here's how again I would I would explain it. Imagine I create a new a new task or a new project inside of Manus right here, a new task. Okay, this window right here is more than just ChatGPT. It's like the combination of a super intelligence and a child at the same time that can become anything, do anything, and over the course of 18 to 30 years, with a child in real life, you're guiding, directing learning. It can take new education. It can go to college. It can learn this type of stuff. An AI agent can go through a whole 30 years of education itself in a manner of 60 seconds to then become whatever you need it to do. And that's where it's kind of like the paradigm shift is with with agents, is it's like, okay, it starts as a blank canvas that equally has superhuman intelligence, but it doesn't really know how to do anything just yet, because you've not told it what you want it to do, right? And then you start to tell it what you want it to do, you start to feed it information. So I had it go to my website to find all my content. I had to go to my mom's transcript account and pull all the transcripts and be able to do all that for for her peptide one, I had it pull all the emails that we wrote. I had it pull all my transcripts to be able to do this. And then the agent will literally read all of that, and it will start to learn from whatever you give it, or you can tell it to go research on its own. So it'll start to use Google. It'll start to use all these different tools to go research on its own. One of the things that I actually gave my so with, remember, I was talking about this again, that more technical, the OpenClaw platform, I would say, like, for you Donya, just avoid, like, trying to play with OpenClaw just yet, just because it's just so advanced and technical, whereas tools like Manus and loveable are already set up to where it looks like ChatGPT, right? It looks very similar to chat GPT, but on the back end of it is a lot more ability than chat GPT has, but like what I was able to do with mine is I was able to literally tell it, okay, I want you to, I told my agent in OpenClaw, I want you to open up five website windows and use Gemini, deep research, OpenAI, deep research, grok perplexity, and bring all those together, as well as your own research. And then bring me a report. And what I do is I told it, I want you to research for OpenClaw, the most secure ways of setting up an open claw platform across these different platforms. And then my next prompt was, now I want you and the builder agent to go build me that platform right here and tell me where I need to log in, where I need to put my credit card in myself. And it literally just did all that for me and set up these secure platforms. But it went out there, and it did all of this research in about 30 minutes, and then pulled it all together and did it so it learned. Did you ever see the movie The Matrix? Okay, well, there's a there's a scene in The Matrix where she needs to learn how to fly a helicopter, and she has no skills in it. And so unless she does this, she goes like this on the screen, she kind of, like shakes her head, and then now she has all the skills to flying a helicopter, and she gets to get in and gets to do it. AI agents, literally can do that. They can kind of go out there and look at everything, and now they have the skill to fly a helicopter.

[1595:01] Donya Duggleby: That's so cool, and

[1595:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's exactly how we use it. And so tools like Manus and like loveable you can kind of tell them what you would want it to do, and talk with it kind of back and forth and figure out, okay, what are these skills and things like this? And then it can go and it can, it'll build itself to be able to do that now. So I had, like, one of my Manus chats do that, but it wasn't quite what I wanted. So I had it. I said, Okay, describe all the skills that you learned in all of this. Make me a list of all the stuff that you're able to do. And then I made a new window with Manus, and I told it, okay. I said, I want you to go do all of this, this and this. I removed the parts that I didn't like that the other one made, and I said, and I want you to also do these different things that are different than the other one did that I didn't like. And so then I made, like, a version two, in a new window for me that was able to do that. So again, those are just some different ways. Like, if you're just starting, that's how you can utilize this that goes beyond just ChatGPT Okay, to be able to do different things in your business and and it could be creating graphics, creating social media, graphics, creating just any sort of task that you do in your business that can help you with the way that I use AI though that I've been using it, and I've been using it since day one is, how can I become better at what I do as a person? So one of the things that I also tell my agents to do is to teach me to understand what it's doing and to do so in a very simple way that I can understand. And so then I am also growing in my understanding, very quickly as I'm learning to use these tools. Okay, okay, so again, loveable and Manus is probably going to be the quickest way to learn, just to start to do those different types of things.

[1625:31] Donya Duggleby: Like, kind of like you graduate, like you start with loveable and Manus, or Manus, or both, or whatever. And then,

[1627:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well, you start with ChatGPT. Well, yeah, you know. And then you can kind of graduate to these, and then you would graduate to, like, the the OpenClaw platform. And you start creating these agents that can take control of your computer. Or, right now I have, like, I had them, they took control of this computer, but I wanted this computer back, so I bought another computer for them, and now they're over there taking control of that one, and literally, like, that's exactly what they are. They've literally taken control of the computer.

[1635:40] Donya Duggleby: That's just so crazy to me.

[1636:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: It is crazy. It's, it sounds like something amazing. I mean, it's real,

[1637:38] Donya Duggleby: yeah, so,

[1638:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, so, yeah, it's real. It really is real. So, alright,

[1639:37] Donya Duggleby: okay, thank you so much. It's fun. It makes me excited.

[1641:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Deborah was saying that she has a brother with a cleaning business. Yeah, cleaning business, people could use these to help them grow and get more more clients. Deborah says, What is the difference between ChatGPT and clawed? What are the benefits they they they're just different. They're very similar. Now, I would say a lot, a lot of what they're doing, but a lot of those are they have the brains and the engine behind it, and then these agents can use and things like that. Okay, let's see. Goddess is here. What's up? Goddess, how are you? Hi, can you hear me? Yes, I can hear you. How are you?

[1652:17] Goddess: Okay, I'm doing wonderful. This is my first call, so I'm excited. Thank you so much for motivating us to stay on track and get things going. Yeah, I'm ready to launch my, I guess, a $7 offer through paid ads. And I was wondering if you had a video where you walk through exactly how you run your 495 offer, because that's the one that I purchased. Yeah. But I was wanted to know if you have a video that walks through how you set up the ads.

[1664:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yes, yeah. So in our members area, what we have is, let's log in here. First off again, so I have this AI clone you could ask questions of and things like that. That's this is also trained on all my content too, and that gives you access. We're probably going to be upgrading this to, like, a new version using OpenClaw, because, as you can tell, it's just so much smarter. What I have to do is figure out how to, like, lock it down so you guys can talk to it. But like, you couldn't ask my agent to, like, give you my bank account info at the same time. That's the scary part about it. Okay, let's see under, there's a couple of things under. Start here, I do go over the automated six figure blueprint. This is kind of goes over specifically where you're at, promoting your offer, planning your next offer. That goes into that right there. But if we're talking about ads, specifically, there is a course under the beginner courses, which goes over how I set my ads up, called the Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners, 2025, edition, right here. And this is how, like, I am using AI to create really great ads and things like that that we're doing inside of the and then the AI Content Creation Blueprint as well. How do you generate scenes with Sora and things like that is in there. So, yeah, Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners, right there we have the Instagram ads Made Easy course as well. That's one

[1690:07] Goddess: which which one is the would actually be like a tutorial showing what to click on inside of the meta ads manager,

[1692:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners would be the more meta ads tutorial the ads, yeah,

[1694:21] Goddess: okay, and that would be for promoting a paid a low ticket offer, correct?

[1696:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: It's for promoting any offer, the process is going to be the same.

[1698:46] Goddess: So the targeting and the process is the same. If you're selling a paid offer versus a lead, opt in

[1701:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: the process of setting up the ads is going to be the same. Yes, what? What depends on the difference is not the offer type, it's rather what's in your offer itself. What's in your offer is going to determine all of that as you give it to the meta platform. And then the the framework that I give you works, whether it's a high ticket offer, low ticket lead magnet paid, when it comes to setting up like a lead magnet or a paid offer would be free or paid. The process of marketing is still the same. So I've not marketed those any differently than each other. The only difference is, is that my conversion goal in the ads manager, which I show you in this course, how to choose that you're going to choose, probably either add to cart or purchase as the goal, rather than lead generating leads. That's really the only difference. And I show you in this course how to choose each of those different things.

[1716:09] Goddess: Ah, okay, and that's under the beginner section the Facebook and Instagram ads edition,

[1718:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, that's in the beginner section, in the intermediate section. Let me see here. Let me go beginner section. It's not, it's not an intermediate section. We have the move it over there. Beginner courses. That's right here, Facebook and Instagram ads for beginners. Right here, creating your ad in the ads manager, setting all that up, setting up your accounts, targeting your ads, testing and optimizing retargeting. That's the process that you want to do, and that process is going to work for the 495 offers, yes. Now if you're talking about creating the ads themselves, like creating the video creative, I would say a lot of that I do go over like the Instagram ads. One I talk about using specifically in Instagram ads, like how to use many chat and how to set all that up. And Instagram specific type of things, the AI content creation Made Easy goes over, like creating different AI type videos and stuff like that, specifically, more of a deep dive into the video side. Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. You bet. Okay. Jokima, what's up?

[1739:30] Jokima: Jokima, hello. How are you?

[1740:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hello. How are you good?

[1740:39] Jokima: Thank you. Um, so I'm hoping to, like get, I guess, a little insight from your expertise of working with different people in a health space. I feel very confused about what I should offer right now, I talked a little bit about last week, about how it's like health from a like a religious perspective, but I don't know if I should be offering a group or creating a course that someone could purchase and just go through it on their own, one on one coaching. I kind of don't want to have to walk anyone through anything, just because I'm afraid of doing it. Yeah? And so yeah, I'm just like, and then I'm like, I don't know if I should start with a group.

[1753:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: You're still gonna have to walk people through stuff, right? Of course, is probably gonna be your better starting place and make like a, like a 490 $497 course, or $1,000 course, an offer. Oh, plan on that.

[1757:14] Jokima: Okay? And

[1757:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: then you would market it with like a, like a $5 entry level offer that basically is like the entry point into that course. Okay?

[1760:30] Jokima: Dollar offer. Okay, and with it, with an offer, does it have to be like a webinar type of thing, or could it be like a PDF? I don't know

[1763:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's so, yeah, so it could be a PDF. It could be an audio. I would say audio is great too. Okay, here's, here's. The thing is, the deeper level of connection that you can make with somebody. When people listen to audio and watch video, whether it be slides or you on camera, there's a deeper level of connection of them taking the time to go through a visual, audio visual experience, rather than a PDF. Again, a lot of times with the PDF, people are just going to kind of skim through it, right? Yeah. And what I like to do, even if you have a PDF, I would still throw in like, a 10 minute video of some kind that just explains how to use the PDFs. Yeah, yeah. And then, because of that, it's very difficult in a PDF to really make a sales pitch to somebody you want to heavily lean into your follow up emails if you do a PDF specifically, and even then. So we tested this out again with my mom's business. We did like, three or four PDF offers. I'll tell you the amount of sales we got from a PDF offer, very low.

[1785:00] Jokima: Okay, yeah,

[1785:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: but as soon as we had everybody who signed up for that PDF watch a video webinar with Sandi, a ton of those same people then purchased, yeah, so, so it's like the commitment level of just a PDF to get somebody to sign up, very low in terms of persuading, motivating somebody to take action and become a client. Webinars are still, I would say, the most effective medium for persuading somebody to take action and purchase the most persuasive medium is actually a phone call,

[1796:52] Speaker 5: right? Okay? Or

[1797:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: a zoom call, live with the person sitting down with them, one on one,

[1798:40] Jokima: right? So

[1798:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: the most persuasive is, if I get you one on one on a sales call, I can really listen individually to what you're going through, and I can mirror that back to you. And by the way, we actually have a course on that specific topic.

[1803:03] Jokima: Oh, wow. Okay,

[1803:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's in is it? Let me see where it's at. It is. So we have a ton of courses. There's a section that's kind of like a catch all. I have beginner and intermediate, but then I also have this learning library of classes right here, and in the Learning Library, there is like aI ebook writing, creating courses like this one, creating a world class digital course. This one's great, optimizing your ads, pro video editing, but there's one right here, mastering individual sales guide to one on one closing. This is probably one of my favorite courses I ever made, as I go in depth, as far as, like, if you do one on one individual sales over the phone or zoom, how do you lead somebody and persuade them to become a customer? So this is, this is, like, the most effective, but it's also the most time consuming,

[1818:53] Jokima: right? So

[1819:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: if I'm getting on the phone with somebody to close them as a sale, I can close a lot more sales. Like, for instance, let me, let me tell you my, my webinar, my $5 Instagram ads, webinar, my that. And I have people who come in through YouTube, they come in through x, they come in through social media. Like, I still have people that are people that are coming in off of all those platforms, even when I don't run ads with my evergreen offer. If my call to action, rather than joining this program, was schedule a call with me and then I and then I close people on the phone, I probably would close a lot more people that way, but the amount of time consuming, yeah, the time consuming factor would be there. I want to get to where I can have an AI agent actually have that conversation through text with somebody, yeah, yeah, and we're almost there. Or the agent could actually do the persuasion based on how I teach it. Could study my sales calls and things like that, and learn how to how to do that, but we're not quite there yet.

[1836:26] Jokima: Anyways. Yeah, so thank you.

[1837:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: PDF, webinar, sales call. Sales calls. Time consuming. Webinar takes some time to set up, but once it's set up, it can sell for you. Yeah, every time somebody goes through a webinar, I've had 200 people in the last few months go through my webinar. That's 200 people that got to listen to me for an hour. Yes, sell to them and teach them and explain everything. So that's now 200 hours I cloned myself 200 times, yeah, for every person who sat through the webinar and they purchased the webinar too. So they really, they really went through it. Yeah, that's very effective. Whereas a PDF, again, a lot of people can read the PDF. A lot of people are going to skim a PDF. It's not going to get deep inside of them to necessarily persuade somebody as much as a webinar would. That's why webinar is still the most effective way to really persuade people, while cloning yourself and not needing yourself to necessarily do that. Now here's a really cool thing, is with AI, the tools are getting really fun, where you can have the AI actually generate your webinar for you. And I'm creating some tools that can help you with that. There's some different frameworks for that. The AI can actually generate the video for you. That can do that with it with an with an AI avatar tool. So this is, this is HeyGen right here. This is probably one of the best platforms that's out there that does this. I was playing around with this, so this is like a six minute video of me,

[1865:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: and the body language isn't quite there. The voice inflection isn't quite there, but it's able to talk, and it's able to communicate. And then I could, I would, could intermix B roll and things like that. And that can be another that's an emerging like effective way to do webinars and things like that. You can have the AI write a script for you that.

[1873:47] Jokima: Yeah, thank you. And just one more thing, I'm just wondering, like, do you I mean, I know people buy courses for a lot of money, but there's something in my brain that's like, I can't charge anybody more than, like, $197 or, like, you know,

[1878:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: charge, charge 297 okay, go just a little bit above your comfort zone. Okay. Initially, if you're going to be running ads, you'll probably need to charge at least 497 Okay, profitable.

[1883:03] Jokima: Oh, wow, okay, because you're going

[1883:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: to end up spending about half of that just to get a sale. Okay? So, like it's going to cost you 200 bucks to get that $500 sale, okay? And those ads would go to a $5 offer that then would like it might cost you say $25 per person to get them to sign up for a $5 offer. And then it might take, like, eight of those people to get a sale of your $500 course. Okay, see, eight times 25 is 200 you got eight people that bought a $5 course from you. That's how the math works out. You got eight people. They bought a $5 cost. Course, it cost you $200 in ads to get those eight people, and one or two of them purchased your $5 class. You're still doubling your money. Now we can scale that. And that's, that's a, that's a viable business model there.

[1897:48] Jokima: Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, I'm just like, I'm just gonna stop being scared and just do 497, because I trust what you're saying. So thank you so much. Yeah, you bet.

[1900:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: You bet there is a tool that I, I'm looking to release, possibly I'm beta testing how it would look where you guys could actually hire my AI agents to do stuff for you. And this is something that so the way that I have it, that it would work, is you would submit, kind of what you would want done by the agents, whether it be scripting your webinar, making a landing page, making a website, making an app, things like that. And then the agent would go in there, and they would start to do the research and start to do the work for you, and we could get this stuff going, and then my agents would actually kind of build it for you that way, for a cost, and you would submit it to me to be able to do that the way that I structured it was I created like this sort of an inbox and an outbox where, like your request comes into an inbox. The agent analyzes it, I look at it. I tell the agent how to adjust the plan, and then they output it. They create something, and then send it back to you. And so it might it would probably need, like a 48 to 72 hour turnaround per project. But the beauty of it would be, I would be in the mix, working through that with you guys and so, and it would be highly cost effective too. It would be, it would not be expensive. I don't know if you guys would want me to kind of offer a beta of something like that, but I'm thinking about offering something like that as a beta test for this group. So we'll, we'll, we'll look into that as far as that goes. Nathan, what do you think,

[1926:20] Nathan Fisher: yeah, I was just gonna say it would be helpful to have just a list of what we could do.

[1928:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I would, I would have, I would have them actually brainstorm the hire my agent's platform for my WCA clients. What could they have it do brainstorm this. So for instance, like I could just tell my agent to come up with this list right now, and then we can embed that into the app right there. I have a prototype of it built already that we that we created. Let me see if I can pull it up here, and then we'll and then we're going to log off after I kind of show you this we created. I have this. I have this. It's called, like, claw tools. This is all the different tools that they created for me. These are all the different tools that my agents have created for my business. And so let me see, yes, this would be right here. It's not quite ready to launch yet.

[1947:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, you know what that what's the dashboard, Agent desk. We see I had it. I had it locked down on my app so that people couldn't access them last night. Let me see some of the core tasks that it could do. It could help you come up with content, ideas, sales, copy, client delivery, research and strategy, ads and analytics. Help you come up with ad creatives, landing pages. Have you build? Yeah, there's still some more things to that that I can do, but I'll brainstorm what that might look like. Okay, here dashboard, new task. Here we go. Admin, do.

[1964:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: See, I just have to pull this up.

[1968:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Go log in. Okay, let me see, once it's logged in, this should work, okay. Dashboard, so here's this right here, Agent desk, so dashboard, new tasks. So there's different, like, tasks that you can do, Lead Magnet creation, custom request, landing page, build, ad copy, email, sequence, all those different types of types of thing. We could add more to it. I had it like, okay, create me an offer. So, like, when you go create a task, it'll have you submit, okay, what's your offer? Who's it for? What's the price point, all of that. And then it'll come to my inbox and then be able to kind of send it back to you, type of a thing. So this is a very like, kind of bare bones, basic app that I had it create where you guys could submit this called agent desk. I probably would change the name to it to, like, hire my agents, type of a thing. So all right, all

[1985:44] Nathan Fisher: right, what'd be cool is if we could find a way to have these agents go, go find our ideal customer.

[1987:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, well, I

[1990:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to find the ideal customer that'd be interesting. So you would just cold message people

[1991:30] Nathan Fisher: I don't know, have no idea. See

[1992:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: the bet again. The better way to do that is it more of the attraction marketing. It can help you create way more of like viral content, way better ads, way better offers that then attract people to you, and then you can start these conversations and have the agents kind of talk to people that way. Again, that's so much more effective than like spamming people on the internet.

[1999:16] Nathan Fisher: No doubt, no doubt. Yeah.

[1999:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So again, it's the attraction method versus like the spamming method is where the agents can be really helpful. All right, y'all awesome. This has been a great kind of training. Q, a, I'm going to dive deeper into some of this. Help bring some of these different trainings and tools to you guys, and we'll talk soon.

[2004:45] Nathan Fisher: Sounds great. Thank you. Jeremiah, bye, bye.

