WCA - LIVE TRAINING
Date: 2026-02-23T18:52:52.000Z
Duration: 128 min
Otter ID: OaaveoFfXXAVeXLuOiR58Cid6QU
---

[0:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Thursday. Today is the day I've actually felt the best I have in four days. So I've gotten a lot of sleep, which is good, I'll tell you. We we have a routine in our house where it just it works great for us. My wife goes goes to bed. The kids go down. They spend I clean up at night, I clean up. I'll do all the dishes. I do all the just everything so they wake up and the house is just nice and put up. And that's not even like a good, like a main skill of mine. My wife is super skilled at that, but I have literally rewired myself to be able to do that every night, because my wife is also her love language is active acts of service. And so it's just, it's just a way that I can each each day, reduce her stress and help us and all that, all that to say, I've been feeling this cold. And so the dishes did not get done. They got they got done, like, two nights ago and but I didn't basically do that, like four days. And so finally, last night, like, I did everything. It was all it was all good and but, yeah.

[17:45] Adele Best: So I was like, she noticed, but she noticed the lack, the lack of clean dishes, yeah.

[19:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, no, I was No, honestly, it was like, I had to talk with her. I'm like, Hey, listen, they're not going to get because I need to go to sleep. I need to rest. I need to get some rest. And we were up late both of those nights with the kids, with different things that we had to, that we had to do. So it was just like, okay, like, I need sleep. I'm not gonna I'm not going to get well if I'm only sleeping, you know, like two hours. So yeah, we were like, Okay, sure. No, no worries on that. Anyways, what I want to do today is a couple of things. Yeah, I've been talking about this on my social media. We've been going over all this stuff with AI agents and all that. But what I what I've been doing now, and I love this, is I got them all set up with a lot of the different like tools that are out there don't work well with AI agents, and a lot of these tools are actually designed to not work well with AI agents, like otter AI, for instance, on my transcripts, the agents have a really hard time pulling those transcripts. So that's otter AI. I have a tool called transcript AI that my agents built me that is fully set up right here.

[39:11] Speaker 2: See what's my login for. It should be this one here.

[41:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, so what it is is, it is a version of Otter AI. That's not it. I'll poop. I forget what the oh, you know what. It's probably this, probably this email. I

[46:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: just want, I just want to show you guys this. Yeah, here we go. So this is a version of that, and my agents built this in, like a day. I was making a version of it. It was not that great. The one I was making, my agents did this in like a day, and made it way better. So now it has all my like, call transcripts and everything that we're doing live in here. See this one says failed. So I could try to retry. Probably, probably might be having some trouble with that one, but might be because we deleted the recording. So it pulls all my recordings out of out of zoom, and then there's an API that connects so the agents can just download each transcript and use it, and then my team members can download it, and then I have these little content generation workflows right here. Or off of each transcript, we can generate a call summary, call prep, content summary, blog posts, weekly bullet points, all that. So there's a whole Content Studio built into it from the transcripts, which is really, really cool. I can upload a transcript, I can record it, and this is just literally the agents went and built this because now they just have to connect through an API to get all those transcripts. And the beauty of this is, this week, I was able to have a vision that I had where my agents created me last night five PDFs for today's call. So what they did was, and this is just, this is something like the power of AI. I just want to show you guys this before we go into the training. Is the PDFs. There's my zoom window. Zoom, go. Oh, there it is. Okay. Cool. WCA calls. Okay, so PDF number one, it's like a weekly brief. We're kind of it. Analyzed the last couple of weeks calls, just all the questions that were asked on the calls. This is like a raw PDF. So they will pull in all the transcripts, 85,000 words, almost 500 hours of content, 12 core frameworks that we talked about. I don't know that I had 12 core frameworks. I don't know that you know this, and all the different questions that everybody had and all that it's in there. Okay, so then I dove in, and I'm like, Okay, tell me what to do. Give me five teaching angles for this week, like what I want to teach this week right here. Okay, make me a combo outline of angles, one and five. Okay, so now what this did was it made me like a whole kind of outline of what we want to talk about here today. And then I went deeper. I said, Can you take a step back do deep cycle analysis of each member their questions, as far as the deeper issue, question behind the question, what they've been dealing with each week. That's like, Okay, going deep on this one members analysis right here. And so this is about each member right here, information about, like, what they're what they're going through, stuff like that, like, there's Adele right there. Brilliant, I was

[95:40] Adele Best: gonna say, what's it say about me?

[96:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: Brilliant, visionary, trapped in perpetual planning mode, right problem present on all three calls, has a clear vision, you know? Oh, I guess you do have your lovable account set up right there, but yeah, actually built her first draft in lovable, proud of it, but acknowledge I didn't have as much as I wanted. Question on the question, they orbit around, removing yourself in the process. How can I build a successful business? Vulnerability and exposure feel dangerous. She explicitly says she doesn't want to be the face. Okay, if I'm visible, I'll be judged. If I'm judged, I'll be hurt. That's an underlying belief system. And these are all things that like, again, you don't need to necessarily, like, fix these right away, but it just gives me as a coach and good

[109:34] Adele Best: pointers. It's good pointers. Yeah, good pointers.

[110:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: As far as what's going on, like, one of the things that I've learned as a coach, it's not my job to say, Hey, you're doing this wrong and you need to change it. I feel like there's a lot of coaches who try to do that, and they miss a lot of nuance, as far as, like, why somebody's doing what they're doing.

[114:39] Adele Best: Yeah, it's more to ask the question to reflect, isn't it well to reflect back?

[115:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And when I'm doing a group coaching program, it's different, because if I'm in one on one coaching I'm talking a lot less. If I'm in a group program, I'm talking a lot more. So how do I talk a lot more but still provide that reflection? That's the biggest kind of thing that I that I need to do. And then I had it create me like a coach's tool kit, 15 things I might not have known, things I that I might not realize as I'm coaching my clients ways to help them through different patterns and things like that. That's really good. So, so what's cool is like, then I told my agents, okay, make this a repeatable skill every Sunday, you go through the calls and you make and you do this for me. So now I don't have to prompt the agents to do this every Sunday. They're going to automatically do what we what I just showed you, that's

[129:02] Adele Best: amazing. I'm going to

[129:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: have output of these PDFs every Sunday for my client calls. Now what was interesting was I used to manually. I would take almost two hours a week, and I would prompt chat, GPT and Claude and all those to do this exact thing right here, manually, I would take all the transcripts and I would manually bring them in and do that. And so it's just like, like, right there. The reduction in stress, in being able to show up on these calls is just exponentially beyond what I what I imagined being able to do this. Now, again, I showed you guys kind of how you can set up your own OpenClaw agents. I'm going to be helping people set those up. The reason why now I mentioned my my wife's mom broke her leg a week ago, and then we were sick last week. So it's like all the progress that I had planned on doing last week, but we do have a prototype that I'm testing right now. What I want to actually test out is, instead of you guys having to set up your own API keys and set up your own agents and do all of this, I want the agent set up and ready to go where all you do is you make an account and then you can chat with it right away, and that's what I because I feel like that's more valuable than me. Just setting up a server for you is actually creating a system that's ready to go and ready to plug into within minutes of you signing up. So it's taking a little bit longer to set that up, but I've already noticed, like a couple of competitors are out there in the marketing space that are offering the same kind of thing. And so I'm like, Okay, I gotta get this going, and I want to offer it to different industries. Like, one of the things is, there's a big analysis that's been going around of industries that are not using AI at all. You could literally create them OpenClaw agents and sell this to them at like, three times the premium of what I might sell it in an industry that's already using AI, you know, an agent for a construction company could easily sell that for $497 a month, or 297 a month, or $197 a month for even just a basic level agent. And so those are just some some things that I've been exploring and doing now today, today's teaching what I want to go into today, and this is why, again, this AI agent stuff, it's important and it's relevant for you to learn the two biggest things that I would just recommend for AI agents. Again, lovable, start, go, make a lovable account, just like how I was telling you all to make a chat GPT account. Go make a lovable account, because it can create little micro software tools and things like that for you that you can use, that can automate different tasks that you might have. Like I made an advertising tool that creates me ad graphics. I made me a tool that creates social media posts inside of lovable, and I can create my landing pages as well inside of here. So this is one of the fastest ways that you can get up and running with agents, is by using lovable is one of them. And then again, Manus right here. Now Manus has a really cool AI agent that's kind of like OpenClaw that they've offered, called agents right here that you can use. You can use. You can click this agents tab right inside of Manus, and it's kind of like a slightly less powerful version of OpenClaw, which is really cool. Okay. Now one of the things that Manus just launched today in their connected apps, look at this meta ads manager was not talking about this. Oh, they knew that

[189:12] Adele Best: we were going to, they knew that we were going to use this for that. Then, well,

[190:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: well, meta purchased Manus, remember,

[191:12] Adele Best: yeah, so they had bought it in mind with the idea of us using it like

[192:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: this, didn't I say three weeks ago that they're going to add in a feature to run all your Facebook ads through Manus. Yeah, that's exactly what this is. Yeah, and I've been reading on X, they just launched this this morning, by the way, so I've not been able to, like, test it, but like, right there, I just gave it access to all of my ad accounts. Now let's go in here. Help me test the connector. And Manus is going to go into my ads accounts and go test if it's connected. Got it. I'll test the connector. I'll start reading the relevant skill and listening to available tools. So what I have seen people basically say is that it can analyze your ads. It can help you manage your ads. It can help you upload your ads, run your ads, literally as an all in one agent tool right here inside of Manus. So if anything like you want help running your ads, activating this little meta Ads Manager tool right here, and then you just talk to it like chat, GPT, that's incredible.

[207:02] Adele Best: But what if you haven't run any any ads yet, and there's no data, it's okay.

[207:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: It doesn't need the data to go on, because it's trained on the best practices of running ads.

[209:22] Adele Best: Okay, brilliant. That

[209:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: is, I'm gonna analyze all of my ad accounts right here.

[210:49] Adele Best: That's really powerful, because it knows the algorithm better than we do.

[211:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: It does exactly. So it's amazing. So I'm going in here. I'm having to analyze just all of my different ad campaigns that are either paused or turned on. What's running right now, different ad spend clicks, all that. So anyways, we're not going to go over this right now, because I need to play around with it. But what I have seen people say is that it'll, it'll literally, like, help you upload your ads. It'll help you come up with the ad ideas, launch your campaigns, create all your creatives, all, literally all of that can be done inside of Manus right here. You just, you just give it your landing page, tell it make me 10 different ad variations with graphics that are made with Nano banana. Upload them to three of my best targeting groups, and it'll probably literally launch the campaign. I'm going to go test it out with my with my new campaign. I just finished the recording of and everything I have, I have a brand new campaign. So I don't have a campaign right now for AI agents, because I wanted to get this one launched first. This is kind of my like bridge offer to my audience on this oh, I want to show you guys something really, really cool in a second, too. Okay, let's see. Yes, this is my bridge offer, the non techie, AI video content creation guide. Five minutes, how to use AI to create content. Is the whole idea behind it. And so I made this offer back in December. Haven't launched it finally recorded the the webinar, and so I'll be launching this this week, and I'll have Bob Manus do this. I actually went ahead. So this is my mom's website right here. A real change, com, okay, this is my website right here, and in two days I had my agents rebuild both of them. This is the brand new version of Jeremiah krakowski.com that's coming soon.

[242:11] Adele Best: It's almost, Oh, I love that. That's really good. Jeremiah

[242:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: completely rebuilt from the ground up so my agents can write my blog posts for me. Look, it has infinite scroll on blog posts, so the blog post just keeps scrolling. It has all have my podcast episodes all loaded into it, that you can listen to, that you can watch. It's connected with all the right podcast stuff. It's connected to all my offers already. And then we did the same thing for my mom's. Hers was a little bit kind of almost here already. It's not much different, but we added more of these little like features to it, different feature sections to make brand new sites. We did that in a day. I did that in a day. While I was watching my kids last week, I had the agents build up sites.

[255:40] Adele Best: Can you? Can you just literally tell it, insert testimonial section, boom. I actually

[256:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: just told it, look at a real change com, rebuild it. Look at Jeremiah krakowski.com and rebuild it. Okay. And then one of the things I did was I told it, okay, make me 10 design examples of how you would redesign each of these sites. And then what I did was I actually went through like I would a designer. We went through 40 different iterations of design changes to come up with the designs like for my site, off of the initial version of it. So it was pretty cool. I just, I just treated the agent like I was working with it, with a with an actual marketing agency, and did all that. And so again, getting up and running with these agents is one of the biggest things that you can do. But what I want to talk about is kind of what comes before that, what comes before that. Because, again, I understand the the the technical overwhelm, I didn't see the live in the Facebook group unless, oh yeah, the the live, it's not live in the Facebook group. You're absolutely right. So let me go live in the Facebook group and get this. Get this going right here. I

[278:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: That's not opening up. Go Live, custom streaming service. Here we go. Here we go the Facebook group.

[281:55] Speaker 2: We go in the group. Here

[284:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: is me kind of showing you guys those different examples of what I'm doing with the agents. Is that helpful?

[287:17] Adele Best: Yeah, definitely, yeah, because

[287:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: it's kind of, it's kind of giving you the ideas of, like, you don't need to figure it all out on your own.

[289:57] Adele Best: Yeah, definitely. It's super helpful. Fast way to get a landing page together, definitely.

[291:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, not just getting a landing page together out like, running your whole business.

[292:16] Adele Best: Oh, yeah, totally, yeah.

[293:10] Dorothy: I mean, I find there's so much to do with my website constantly. It needs updating, tweaking, nursing. It's just, there's so much at the moment that needs updating on my website. It's, yeah, endless. And so

[296:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's what I do, is I just, I literally told the agent, like, okay, set me up a new server. It's like, okay, go sign up for an account@hetzner.com so the agent walked me through this. It sent me to this site called hetzner.com I did it how to do research on different servers. I think, okay, sign up for an account, put your credit card in, and I'll go make the server for you. And so it was just awesome. I guess I don't I'm not going to give my agent my agent my credit card, but I gave it access to be able to create servers on my behalf. For instance, um,

[307:05] Dorothy: what would you suggest Jeremiah as the first things to ask an agent to do? Whatever?

[309:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: This is great. I saw a video about this the other week. Anything that you do in your business that needs to be done that takes up more of your time than you want to do, doing it,

[313:19] Dorothy: yeah, and

[314:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: things that you have vas, that that are doing, but also things that like VAs can't do. And so it's really it's just all like the first things is like building an offloading actions that take up your time that are necessary for your business. So one of the things was like, my agents could not use Squarespace. The way Squarespace is built is for people to click on things. The way the agents work is they go into the code and they kind of find where the buttons are and stuff like that. And it was nearly impossible for the agents to use Squarespace. So that's why I was like, okay, rebuild my whole Squarespace site,

[326:42] Adele Best: because it was practically impossible for me as well,

[327:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: rebuild my Squarespace site in a way that agents can use to quickly make me landing pages and all of that. So now, once I launch that site, my agents can spin up a new page or five pages in seconds for me,

[331:51] Dorothy: yeah, because I've got so much to do with the music side of my business, because I've got yoga and music on the one website, because I've got two dual businesses, and so that's a whole thing of like, how to set up. I've got to update all my music, ready for promoting and going to venue,

[337:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I would say that's one of the biggest things that I think is stopping, like most people, from being able to get their business off the ground, is all the stuff for setting up the funnels and the emails and all of that. And if you could just outsource and automate all of that now you can, like, after you kind of get over the dopamine hit of because there's a huge dopamine hit, and having agents do this stuff for you, it's like, dopamine crack. I will tell you that it's like, you know, like, I, my mom had to almost call me out on it a little bit. She was like, Okay, I think you're getting a little bit addicted to agent dopamine, yeah, you know, and less like being productive. And I'm like, okay, great, no. Like, that's a good call out mom. She called me out on that, like, two weeks ago. And so what I've shifted is I'm only having my agents do stuff that makes me productive in what I am doing in our businesses. Currently, that's it, and I'm going a little bit slower on the stuff that is not directly related to my business, and it's been the thing that saved me this past week, because I've not worked hardly at all this last week, with my wife being out of the house and me having to watch the kids with her, her mom's broken hip. It's given me the ability to be present with my kids and still have my business progress forward. And that's what I think is so cool about this. Okay, so, but the thing is that I think that we need to make sure of is that we can go through and we can get this stuff done quickly without taking a lot of time to get it, to get it accomplished, and go through this. We've talked about, like, the pricing of your $5 offer. We've talked about how having a $5 offer sends better signals to the algorithm. We've talked about how, like, it's easier for somebody to spend $5 than spending more than that. And once somebody spends $5 they trust you more overall, to spend more money with you. If you run it, if you run a funnel, let's say you do it for $10 a day. That's 300 bucks a month. The cost to get a $5 purchase might be five to 10 bucks. So if you get, say, 100 people, that's $500 in revenue, and that might be $200 in profit over your ad spend. If 20% of those people upgrade to a $75 a month community, that's $1,500 a month in recurring revenue, okay, if 5% of them then upgrade to, like a $297 group, or something like that. That's another $1,500 right there. So those would be like two levels right there that you could do. You could do kind of like a low ticket and a mid ticket type of an offer with these $5 offers. And so now your initial ad spend, you spent three to $500 in ADS. You brought in about three $4,000 in sales, which is maybe about a 10 to 12x return. And then you have those recurring buyers, where now each month, you have recurring revenue, and then you compound that on top of it. Now this is one of the things that I think that like in business, it's not about what you're making in one month, it's how it compounds together. Because if you're getting, say, an additional $1,500 in revenue, and you do that consistently over the course of 12 months, and let's say you're losing $500 each month. So, so it's a net. When I say losing, it's like in cancelations, that's like a 30% for every new, for every three people you're getting new, you're losing one person each month. Okay, that's how that math works out. So it's a net of $1,000 a month. After 12 months, your business is making $12,000 a month. And that's the type of math, again, that these types of business models do, and that's why consistently showing up. The only way that any of us are going to show up consistently is by us not doing all the work anymore. Is by us not needing to be the one that has to come up with all the ideas for our offers. And again, the best way that I do this is like by having an agent that can ingest all my content, like for Tiffany, I would take all the transcripts of every podcast that she's done, I would get them all transcribed, and then I would put those into an agent that can review them and start to build out all the content that she's posting. Have a content machine that gives her daily content ideas, and she can choose one or two of those. What I've been posting on my social media the last like couple of days I I'll tell you this when I'm going through a hard time in my life, posting on social media is very hard for me. So my wife's mom broke her hip all that. So I put a pause on posting on my social media for about

[424:33] Speaker 2: you see how many days was it about?

[425:37] Jeremiah Krakowski: Six days I didn't post on my Instagram for six days till till she got home, and then the post that I've been posting are literally ideas that my agents gave me to post. So my agents gave me the idea. I ran with it. And I'll tell you, these videos are getting like 357, 100, even 1000 views off of the ideas that my agents are giving me, off of my content, off of what we're talking about, off of doing competitive analysis with competitors. So you can have an agent that then goes out there, Tiffany, and finds who are the 10 people that are doing exactly what you're doing as well, and finding what are they doing as far as content goes. In fact, Tiffany, I just want to show you. Let's just do a fun example of this right now live. Tiffany Quinones

[439:31] Tiffany Quinones: present, what's up? Girls?

[440:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, podcast. Now again, this doesn't have all your podcast transcripts, because those there's a lot more you talk about than just the titles of your episodes, right, correct? But what we can do is just to get kind of a bird's eye view here, I'm going to go through all your episodes that go all the way back to October, August, June, May, March. Okay, let's see. Let's go back to, let's go back all the way to last year, last year, and we're gonna pull this up into a text file. Are you

[450:54] Adele Best: sharing your screen?

[451:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Not yet. I will just a sec. There's not much to show on screen right now. I'm just copying all the texts from her podcast into a window, and then I'm going to pull that into my

[455:58] Tiffany Quinones: Jill. Agent, Jill, yeah.

[456:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Agent, Jill, she's the research agent.

[457:26] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, speaking of, would you be willing to share with me what you're bringing up because I started implementing a little bit of what I remember from last week, but I liked agent Jill. She's amazing, awesome, awesome employee you have.

[462:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: All right, let's see. This is, I'm just gonna save that right there. We're gonna call it I'm

[466:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: it Okay, take this info about Tiffany's podcast, and I want you to do some competitive social media analysis, just like you do for me, top trends in her industry, news articles, posts, ideas for content that is trending today related to her topic. Okay, so right there. What it is is it's actually looking at what's out there in the world that you're not posting, but that say other people that have the similar message to you are posting, wow. And then we merge that with your content ideas, so it's competitor analysis of your niche combined with those, those different ideas, my mother in law is doing much better. She's at home, and she's doing exercises and getting stronger each day. So good. We're gonna go see her this evening. But anyway, so that's what the agent is doing right there. That's one of the things that I would do for for Mary, for instance, I would have her load up all her funnels, all of her any coaching courses again. These are transcripts, her books, into an agent, and then have it review all of that to come up with, like three, like three ideas for new funnels that she could create. Have the agent go ahead and create those funnels. Same for you. Tiffany, I'd have you go, have the agents go and create, give you three ideas for funnels that you could create, and then go build them for you. One thing you could do now, this is really cool, because you're using lovable you could tell, you could, you could, like, tell an agent like, Okay, I'm using lovable to build out the landing pages. Give me a prompt to give lovable to build out this whole funnel, and then the agent will literally give you a prompt to copy and paste into lovable to build the funnel.

[500:10] Tiffany Quinones: That's what I'm talking about, simplicity. It's my word for the year. Is simplicity.

[501:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: So for Dorothy again, taking all of kind of Dorothy's landing pages offers recording transcripts of what she's doing, Adele. I just, I think that transcripts is such a powerful thing. That's why I want to, I want to take my transcript app that I've been, I've been, had, had my agents make, and I want to possibly offer it to you guys as well, that you can use for your transcripts too, because it's just so valuable to have.

[509:06] Adele Best: Can I load my book? Could I load my book into it and tell it to

[510:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: create, yeah, load your book into it. All that, whether, if it's PDF, epub, any of those formats it can load into.

[512:03] Dorothy: So when it's building out a funnel, do you need to have, like, specific software for that? So, like, you've already got the back end ready, and you say, Go in, use this software to build the funnel. Yeah?

[516:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: So for doing so for doing a funnel. Yeah, that's where lovable is. Is so valuable, yeah, because lovable can build the whole funnel for you,

[518:59] Dorothy: I see, so it would have everything within it, like the sort of the email follow up, and you can build

[520:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: your whole website even inside of lovable, right? I was originally doing just a draft of sandi's whole site here in lovable, and then we can build out, like the whole the whole funnel, all the pages we have her whole health bot right here, built inside of lovable. Every page to it is on here.

[526:16] Adele Best: Where does she host her community?

[527:04] Speaker 2: What does

[527:35] Adele Best: she have? A community place where there's, like, pre recordings, like teachable like you have, she

[528:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: has the community in tribe platform, which is, I would say, one of the worst platforms that's out there that exists. Well, I've

[530:46] Adele Best: never heard of it. Would

[531:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: not recommend using it. I'm going to have my agents probably build me their own version of, like, Thinkific, or school for my business, wow, but

[534:34] Adele Best: so much money.

[534:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, exactly. But I think school or Thinkific or teachable, those three are great.

[536:45] Adele Best: Yes, I really love school. Yeah, I

[537:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: actually, I actually think instead of Thinkific today, I think I'm on Thinkific. I would say teachable is probably a little better today, because they've kept themselves up to speed with AI tools and all those different things, and they've just, they've made, they've done a lot better job of piecing all those things together. And then school, yeah, school is another just great community for building communities and and creating those so both of those, you kind of build your community inside of either teachable or school, is what I would say. Would be great, yeah, yep. But then here's the thing that you can do again. So let's say I have my OpenClaw agent. You set it up and you can, yeah, Mary, I'll go. I'll go over that as well here in just a sec. We've been talking about for probably the last two months now, because everything's shifted in that world. And I'll talk about that in just a moment. I'll just do kind of a recap on agents. So I think, Well, I think we'll need to just do that each time as we have new people coming on, because it really is cutting edge. It's a new way of using the internet and using everything that we're doing.

[558:38] Speaker 2: My agents

[559:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: can log into Thinkific and upload videos and download them throughout from zoom and let's say the video file's too big, because Thinkific has a two gigabyte video limit, my agents can then compress the video down to two gigabytes using FF and pig. It can then upload the video. It can then it'll then create the course lesson inside of Thinkific. For me, it'll it can do all of that the same way that a VA does. And it's because I've been able to give my agents the skills you can these are, these are skills or things that you can download and install, so my agents have the skills of computer use, so they can use a mouse and keyboard the same way a person can. And so what the agent does is it takes screenshots of, okay, what's on screen. It can click on things, and then it'll take another screenshot. It'll click on those things. And so that's where it's like, no matter what tool you're using, whether it's school or all of that. You could have your agent set up your whole school community. You have your agent set up your whole Thinkific, your whole that. So Okay, back to like, what is an agent? Let's just give kind of a bird's eye view on this. We've been talking about this, so we are and every news outlet is talking about this right now. We have left, and I don't think most people realize this the Chatbot era of AI we've been talking about using tools like chat, GPT and Claude and Poe and all those. Now we are entering because we're not fully here yet. We're in a transition period. And the sooner you can learn this stuff, the better of fully agent based workflows, where anything that you can do on a computer, anything that you would do to manage your business, is done by telling an AI agent or team of agents what to do the same way that you would tell a human, virtual assistant. And the beauty of AI agents is that they have unlimited memory that learns everything about what you're doing. It can download as many files and information about your business. So like, for instance, I don't have to give my agent the transcripts to all of my coaching calls. It just goes and gets them on its own. I don't have to upload these things even I just tell them what to do, and they go and do it. I I'm having my agents rebuild a lot of the expensive software in my business. I've already saved, I think, like $300 a month in software so far. And I'll probably be able, I'll probably be able to knock out almost $1,000 worth of software and replace it with just, just agents doing everything.

[608:41] Dorothy: What's the website that you suggested? Jeremiah, that's the one where you don't have to pay a huge amount for its journal.

[610:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: One that's, that's for servers. It's called Hetzner,

[612:17] Dorothy: all right, so

[612:41] Jeremiah Krakowski: that's so that. So those are just

[613:04] Dorothy: still needs, because I've got GoDaddy. GoDaddy.

[614:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: Those are, like, raw computer servers. So like, if I'm setting up an agent, there's actually something that popped on the scene. Like, because I'm reading all this stuff on X, I'm telling you, I'm like, I'm every night. I'm just reading on agents every night on x. So these tools popped in the scene. These are, this is $250 on Amazon. This is a 16 gigabyte mini PC that you could run like 10 agents on that could sit in your office right here. So you don't need a Mac Mini. You could use this. It's like 250 bucks, and you could run your agent right here. Now, if you do a server, the server cost might be $15 a month. And so that's like, what that's like, what the ROAS server cost might be. And then you also still need API tokens. So you would need a Claude Max account or a chat GPT pro account. So for instance, at Claude, Claude AI, I give it my token for my max plan, right here, because, because the eight the agent software still needs a brain, and so this is 20 times usage right here. You can get a claw Max account, and that's about $200 a month. So there is a cost to having these agents do everything for you, but the but I think the output far outweighs what that cost is. Again, you could use chat, GPT Pro as well. One thing you could get, it's kind of technical, is you can get Nvidia as offering as part of their Nim program. You can get access to kimmyk 2.5 for free to deploy for AI agents for free from nvidia.com so that's one thing you can do. You can also get some cheaper algorithms. Let's say you use open router, and you get an API key from open router for like GLM five or Yeah, GLM five is a really good one mini max, 2.5 those are almost as good as Claude, and they're a lot cheaper, see, so it's 30 cents for every million tokens, $1 for every million output whereas Claude, Opus 4.6 is $5 versus $25 every million output tokens. So you're looking at the difference of it's 25 times more expensive to use Claude than to say, use an LLM like MiniMax right here. However, MiniMax and GLM five are not as good at doing all the work. So that's the trade off for those different types of things, and that's where it gets really technical. Mm, technical, and that's the side where, again, as I've been telling people, if you want me to help you set them up, I can help you do that. If anybody who's like here wants me to help you set up your agents and things like that, just write me in Instagram, privately, and then we can work on that together, separately, as kind of a separate project, until I get my my thing launched, and I'll walk you through kind of the process of what you need for doing that and the best way to do it. Now, again, I think that if you set it up with like GLM five or MiniMax, you will save quite a bit on tokens, and that that is definitely a great way, as you're getting started with these agents, is using those to start for building what you're doing. And and I think MiniMax 2.5 is really good at with OpenClaw. So like I said, it's like 25 times cheaper. And so where were we? Okay, so what is an agent? An agent is basically a chatbot gives you ideas and information, an agent does work for you. So instead of, Okay, give me an idea for a landing page. Now, give me an idea for a graphic now, give me an idea for all that the agent will literally come up with all of those ideas on its own by saying, build me a funnel for this just the same way that you would hire a virtual assistant at a fraction of the cost of a virtual assistant, because one Claude Max account for $200 a month. Now I'm running 14 AI agents right now. Okay, I have four Claude Max accounts I'm running. So that's $800 a month that I'm spending. It's costing me about $60 a month in Claude, Max tokens per agent. It's about $2 a day in Claude, Max usage per agent, so it's about $30 a day. So so that, but that's using Claude. Now, if I use MiniMax for 14 agents, that might only be $1 or two a day, that that same amount of usage might only cost me 60 bucks, if that makes sense. But the quality that when I say quality, the output when you're using some of these other tools, it can be it can be less accurate, it can be more frustrating. It can be like less likely to produce the high quality results that I'm looking for. So I'm more likely to spend $800 a month to get the quality output than only $100 a month, because that extra $700 is the difference between me deploying things quickly that I know are high quality in my business, or not. Okay, so again, one Claude Max account, you could probably run three to four agents on, and I'm talking like you could run them like 24/7 I'm using mine 24/7 if you're not using them, 24/7 you could probably run like four to seven agents on one Claude Max account. So which is pretty cool for most of you, you're probably only going to need like two or three agents. Why would you need more than one agent? Because it's nice to have them be like a specialist, like I'll have one agent that writes. I have one agent that just writes emails for my mom and I, and so that's all it does. I have another agent that is like a researcher, agent that's all she does. She just gets better and better at researching. I have another agent that's like a virtual assistant. I have one that's a coding agent. He makes, makes software. I have one that's kind of an overall big picture agent. And so each of these different agents are specialists in different roles.

[734:40] Speaker 2: Is how that works. Okay,

[735:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: all that to say, like this can get very overwhelming fast, and that's why, again, I want to be able to help you guys be able to get these up and running again. If you write me on Instagram, you're going to have to go, take some time, go on my all of you know how to find me on Instagram. Anybody who's watching this training knows how to find me on Instagram.

[741:59] Speaker 2: And so

[743:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: if you want help's, like, set it. Like, I just set up my mom's Mac Mini at home. And so if you want to know, okay, how do we provision the right server for you? Do we want it at your house? Do we want it, um, do I do you want to use a Mac Mini? Do you want to use one of these, like Windows computers you can buy, maybe a Raspberry Pi? Do you want to use a server? I can help you get the get that set up, and then get everything set up for security correctly, because that's one of the biggest things, making sure that your security is set up correctly, so that you know you're not, you're not giving all your personal information to these agents, and then it gets hacked, and then, like that. That'd be terrible. I'm confident that my agents could not get hacked. I tried hacking into one of my agents the other day from my phone, and couldn't do it. And it was good. It was good that I had to take like, three, three extra steps to get access to my agents. It was not, it was not easy to hack into, but getting all that set up correctly and the right way that that takes time, and that's where I want to help people get that set up again. I'm going to be offering that as a full service to people. But for those of you that are like, on these calls, you're watching, you're watching the recordings. If you send me a message on my Instagram, I can, I can help you with that. Okay, that's the that's the end of that. Alright. Like, I'm here as a resource available to you to be able to help you get those set up. And I'll tell you, like, what that costs and everything over on Instagram. It's kind of it's different for each setup so, but I'll make sure that it's reasonable, and I'll make sure that it that it fits, especially give everybody kind of a discount. Who's in this program here, okay, I know Tiffany's probably itching to see what kind of competitor analysis we found. Let's pull this up. Okay, top trends in your space, the four burner theory. Life has four burners, family, work, health, friends, if you only run three at max, went massively viral.

[777:44] Tiffany Quinones: What I said facts, I'm just agreeing with Jill. Thank you.

[778:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: Jill Went massively viral on the 15th picked up by different news outlets. This is your content. She should be all over it. Forwarder theory proves what you've been saying. You can't perform outperform burnout, the 42% rule for high performers, you really should say high performers need 42% of their day in recovery. Science is backing that rest of the superpower. So these are all content ideas that you can build on. Somatic shaking goes mainstream, nervous system regulation, competitors, Mel Robbins, Mel is mainstream. Tiffany is specific to the leader dying inside. Brene Brown, Nicole Lapera, so these are all and these are all great where she wins foster care, origin story, nobody else has that. Voice LED. Activation, Faith forward without being churchy, raw, authenticity, 10 content ideas, the four burner theory. Scientists say 10 hours of recovery are needed, unbecoming the world that ended my burnout, Gen Z figured it out. Here's why it took me 30 years. Gen Z is officially rejecting hustle culture. Major article on Gen Z, watching influencers glamorize 4am wake ups and witnessing the burnout confessions can only, which, by the way, can only do a 4am wake up unless you're going to bed at like, nine to 11pm you can't just stay. You know, sample right. Boundaries may let's see boundaries. Made the Oh, made the New York Yeah. New York Times feature five books on setting better boundaries. New York Times just normalized boundary setting as mainstream. See, yes, your time says it's trending. I've been screaming this from my car.

[810:16] Tiffany Quinones: I have been screaming it from my car.

[810:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: So those are some ideas, like, I, you know, I can, I can send you those over.

[811:57] Tiffany Quinones: Oh, please do. And then last week, you had mentioned you were gonna send me, and I posted it in the group.

[813:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: You just remind me what to send over.

[814:26] Tiffany Quinones: Yeah, last week you had Joe create for me. It was like a you put together a book. I think you did it for Dorothy. It was like a PDF type of it almost resembled lovable, yeah, you helped Dorothy create outcomes on what she's doing. So it's not just about yoga. And then you had Jill create for her something where she could take things to repurpose content. You did the same thing for me about repurposing my podcast. I already started implementing using the testimonials. So I just went into chat GPT at no perplexity, and had it create for me content to repurpose the testimonials in different ways, so I already started doing that.

[827:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I just sent you the PDF. Oh, thank you. This is one of the reasons why I love using slack with my agents, because it saves everything.

[829:49] Dorothy: Yeah, that was really brilliant. Thanks. Jeremiah, what you did last week. Let me

[831:18] Jeremiah Krakowski: send you yours too. Dorothy, cheers. And what they're talking about is that I had my agents create, like a whole just leveraged business plan on based on their businesses, of what to do, how to get it all going, and all that. Okay, so. But again, all this stuff like I said, can seem overwhelming. The two easiest ways to get started with agents is lovable. Lovable is literally a Claude website, building an app, building agent, that anybody can use, and it can do a lot more than just like what you guys I think, think that lovable can do. Lovable is essentially Claude code. It's Claude Opus 4.6 built on their interface. But that's the lovable has basically built their whole business on creating an interface around Claude That creates websites and apps for you, and there's also the plan mode. Inside of here you can do there's the Design mode, there's the different connectors and PC servers. You can go into a project in lovable, and you can just chat with it too. Inside of lovable right here, where it says plan I can click plan mode. I can also click on, let's see, that's visual edits. So,

[857:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, if I just go into like plan mode, I can just chat with it right there, which is awesome. And you can just talk with the agent about what you're wanting it to build, and ideas that you have and things like that. Have it come up with sales copy, have it come up with all those different things for you right inside a level. Okay, so, like, that's, that's one of the things. And then Manus, manus.im is, again, it's another agent platform. Meta owns them. It's probably one of the easiest ways to get up and running with different agent workflows, because each sort of task that you give it turns into some kind of a an agent workflow that it can do. And then you can set up, you can use the little agents function here, which is similar to what we did with OpenClaw. And then I would have you kind of upgrade to having me set you up an OpenClaw server. Once you've kind of used these two, those two tools, once you've used lovable, once you've used Manus a little bit, you'll get an idea for what agents can do for you if, again, if a person can do it, an agent can. And what I like is I will have my agents build me a tool if it doesn't know how to do something. So one of the biggest things that I tell the agents to do is it's like, oh, I can't do that. Great. Go learn how to because anything that an agent tells me it can't do, it can learn how to do. And then it will go to work, and I'll tell it and don't stop until you figure it out. And it will figure out exactly how to do what I needed to do. I've not found anywhere where it's not been able to figure out how to do something, even if it said it didn't know how to Okay. So with this, what I want is, I want us to move beyond just and we're going to go a little bit longer here on because we've kind of been answering questions, and I've been teaching back and forth a little bit here. You know, any of the questions that kind of come up for you guys while I've been talking about this, let's post some of them in the chat, just anything. I want this to kind of be like, like a flow like, let's get into kind of like a flow state of just all of our questions that we have. Let's get them all out on the table. Let's kind of talk about this. Because what I want to do is, I want you guys to leave here today. This is, again, this is going to be a teaching, coaching Q, a hybrid around, getting your stuff going, getting stuff off the ground, launching a campaign. I want you to get you I want you to get an actual campaign launched that's marketing your business, that's getting you clients, that you have an agent that built that, that's built for you. And so what? What's the biggest thing that stops us from doing that? Is it having everything set up in the right order? Is it all those things? By the way, I've learned with agents, I don't need everything to be set up in the right order. I can have it go out of order and just create what I need in the moment, and that gives us a lot of freedom to come up with ideas for what we're doing. Okay, but like, what we have is, so the first thing is, create a lovable account. Use that, get a landing page made. Start playing around with maybe rebuilding a website with it. You don't need to rebuild your whole website too. You could just build, like, an offer page. The same way that people use Click Funnels for, I would use lovable for, I wouldn't even use Click Funnels. I would just use lovable. And so like the prompt is what builds the page that you have. You kind of feed into it, different ideas of what of what you do. Now, here's the cool thing about using lovable is you can change it on the fly. If you don't like what it produced, you can tell it, I don't like that. Make it more like this. Make it more like that. It needs to be more on this topic. It needs to be more on that topic. And then here's the beautiful part about about it. With lovable, you can connect anything in lovable. If you have a Stripe account, you can just connect stripe to your lovable. So you just tell lovable, I have a Stripe account. I want people to be able to spend money with me through this page. And it will literally just walk you through the steps of giving it what it needs from stripe to be able to do that. So like in stripe, you need to grab what's called a web hook, and then there's, like an API key instead of stripe that it needs. Honestly, I don't think you necessarily need stand store. I think you could probably just have lovable build you what stand store has, and run all of it through there easily, and then from there, you can go live with something that way. You need some you need to have somewhere to put people's emails like these are the infrastructures right here that you can use. You can either use something like Convert Kit, mailer, light systemi, io, whatever you're comfortable with. Then all you got to do is you just tell lovable Hey. I want you to help me create an automation to where, when somebody purchases this, they automatically get added into my Convert Kit account, my systemi, I my mailer lite account, and so. So those are kind of like the three connectors that you pretty much need for funnels now is you need some kind of a email software. I'm not talking about Gmail. I'm talking about like you need, you need to have, like, a MailChimp. I don't like MailChimp anymore that much. It's so expensive, mail or light systemia, systemi, I Convert Kit. These all have great free tiers. And our I think mailer like one of the best as far as pricing goes, because as you grow, they're not going to charge you more. You know, I can have, I can send out five emails a day in mailer light and have 5000 subscribers and still not pay more than 60 bucks a month. MailChimp would charge me $1,000 for that a month that mailer lights only charging 50 for now that now I will say that's one thing, like I'm gonna have my agents look into like building a mail software. But honestly, I think it might not even be worth it. I have to look at like, what's the back end servers behind mail software or something like that. But not worried about that right now. It's so cheap, it's like it's worth it to just use another light. So again, you have your agent inside of lovable or instead of Manus again, Manus can go log into your mailer line account and go grab everything that you need. Manus can log into lovable. You could literally, this is how I would see for most of you, like using agents. You could use lovable and Manus together and tell Manus to log into lovable and connect these things together for you, even if it's if you find it too technical, very easy to do. And then if you have an open claw agent, if you have me set you up a server, or you get one of these open claw agents set up, it can absolutely, absolutely do that. It's going to be better on a computer, but it works tremendously well on a phone. The thing with it, doing it on a computer is you can actually give it as a plugin for your Chrome web browser, where Manus can actually take control of your browser and do stuff inside the browser, which is really cool. So it can literally, like, log into your lovable account. It can log into that from Manus. And that's why Manus is so powerful for what they offer. Yeah, the phone version is, is you can't do that, but, um, okay, then from there, you have a landing page. You have it connected to an email software. You have it connected to stripe, right? So we have our email software, we have stripe.

[993:05] Speaker 2: We have lovable we're going

[994:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: to connect it to those things, okay, then what we need is we need some kind of we're advertisement. So you need something that's an ad for your social media that is a like an ad image, an ad video that you can make, you can have AI. These tools generate you these different ad tools. So like tonight, you can get lovable set up with stripe. You could draft up in chat GPT or Gemini or Claude. Some ideas for emails that'll go in the automation. You can load the email automation into an email software. You can make some ad graphics right inside of right inside. Manus is pretty good at this. You can make them inside of chat GPT or Gemini. Honestly, could probably use Manus for most of this stuff. If you have Manus, you could probably cancel your chat GBT or Gemini account and save some money there. For most people, like your agents, can kind of take, take over what

[1013:37] Speaker 2: you're doing with chat GBT.

[1014:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: You set up an ad in the ads manager. You make a post on your social media about the offer that you just built, and like that whole process right there. To launch a $5 mini class, to launch a free ebook of some kind, to launch a free webinar to launch and by the way, I don't think people are as likely to go through like five day or seven day challenges as much as they were before, unless they're deep inside of your ecosystem. I think people want to watch through like a 30 minute video, or they want to read like a bullet point article or ebook that's generated about what to do and about your framework to make decisions to work with you. And so you could get this all set up by having lovable pretty much connect everything. And then if lovable can't, you could have Manus help you by logging into these things, to get them all set up and so like, what would be the factor, the underlying factor that's kind of preventing us from from doing that. Mary says, I'll look into lovable I'm in the midst of rebranding. Don't know what direction to go. Start with a podcast. So

[1040:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: Mary, help me understand what's

[1041:08] Mary Chalhoub: going on, I guess. Okay, so I got kind of distracted. I got involved the last several months launching this school with a few other people, and it took all my time, and then I lost track of my own stuff. So I feel, yeah, so I feel like I'm kind of starting all over again and trying to find where to start, where to launch. I want a fresh I don't know I feel I need a fresh start.

[1050:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, podcast is a great way to kind of get your thoughts out there? Yeah, I know Tiffany really had a great, some great traction by getting her podcast launched, and then that's led into everything else that she's been doing, because each week, or a couple times a week, she's able to just record it in her car or do something to get her ideas out there. And she doesn't need to, like, wait until she has a course, or wait until she has a lesson or a masterclass, or writes her next book or things like that. That's one of the reasons why I actually launched my podcast the way that I did, and it always helped me stay on track with just keeping my ideas fresh that I'm sharing with people before I had a coaching program, right?

[1062:29] Mary Chalhoub: I guess my thing is, like, I can go in, like, there are 10 different directions I can go. And I keep, like, going back and forth. I'm like, Well, should I focus on this or this, or this, or that, or and I kind of, I feel like I have to hone in my target audience and who I'm speaking to before I get started. But there are several areas I can speak into and I and so now I'm just in that stuck place, you know?

[1071:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I think the, I think the biggest thing is, you're probably looking for certainty, yeah, about what's going to work, yeah. And that is that's not going to happen until we actually start putting stuff out there. Okay, yeah. And that's one of the biggest things, is like, oftentimes that's where we get stuck, because I'm not sure which direction to go in. The biggest thing I would just tell you is like, pray and see which one feels right. Okay, you know, like, which one of the directions that you want to go feels right. Which one really lights you up the most? Okay, start there. And which one are people constantly asking you for help with? Okay. And then how do you kind of merge the one that lights you up and the one that people constantly ask you for help with together, okay, and so they might be the same, they might be different, but that's the direction, because if people are asking for help with it, and it lights you up, which, by the way, like the AI agent stuff, for me, is literally the direct convergence of those two things. So that's why I've been, like, so excited to lean into this, because it's it combines everything that I've been passionate about that I know is going to help people get results. And so from here for you, you will not have the certainty of is this direction necessarily that I want to go? Let's, but let's, let's take a look at this here, because we can, kind of, like I did with Tiffany. I we did, like a whole research thing. So what are the direction that you want to go in? Let's kind of research some of these with one of my, my research agents, and see what she comes up with, because we might be able to actually give you some clarity right now, because the difference is that my my agent, is trained on all my content, and it understands the marketplace, and it understands how to build these types of businesses. So give me the different kind of directions that you're thinking of.

[1108:52] Mary Chalhoub: Well, when you say, what do people ask you? A lot of questions on I get a lot of people who ask me about book writing. Okay, a lot of questions on that. And strangely, it's the area I have the most resistance in, because I have to, believe it or not, it just doesn't come naturally like I just feel like I have to. It takes everything in me to sit down and start writing, yeah, but I did have, you know, pretty good success with my first book, and I don't know why I that wasn't enough to like. I don't know. I just always feel like there's a little bit of a resistance there. But I get a lot of people ask me about book writing. The other area is spiritual equipping, because I've, I've been ordained in a few different ministries, and sorry, I'm on a treadmill. No, you're good. Let me stop.

[1128:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think for you, sometimes you wonder if you're if, if what you if, what you're doing is good enough. Yeah.

[1130:24] Mary Chalhoub: And then I kind of there are things that

[1133:08] Mary Chalhoub: I see going on and I'm just like, it just kind of turns me off to that I just have conflicting thoughts because of things that I see going on around me and and I'm like, do I really want to do this? Like, but yet, I'm passionate about it. It's really weird, like, it's my mind and my heart kind of fighting

[1139:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Well, a lot of it, it's your nervous system and it's your it's your beliefs that you have. It's your goals, dreams, aspirations, it's your faith, all kind of colliding together with the reality of the fact that you're human, and you feel things very deeply, and you see things that you know are not right and you want to do better, and that's all good stuff. Yeah, what I would say is this is that,

[1151:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: because I know there's a lot, there's been, there's been a lot of stuff that's happened over the last couple of weeks in the prophetic space.

[1154:00] Mary Chalhoub: Months, actually, yeah,

[1154:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: months, even the past couple of years.

[1155:01] Mary Chalhoub: Yeah, yeah. Like,

[1155:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I had a conversation, you know, who will Ford is? No, I don't Okay. Will Ford is? He? Book with Cindy Jacobs and Lou Engel. Okay, you know who they are, sure, yeah, it's kind of in that, that realm, okay, I had a conversation with him. He said that what's happening right now, like in that whole space, is there's just a purifying, yeah, that's happening. And the people that are pure with the Lord, He's going to be elevated, you know? And so I believe that, I really believe that, and I'm still connected with different leaders in the in that space and stuff like that. I I just, I find that there's that's a lot of there's a lot of truth to that. So, like, that's the thing to know is, is like, okay, examine your heart, see if there's anywhere where you need to ask God to clean those areas out, and then have faith that and walk in the fact that actually doors are opening to you that might not have been previously open because so many things are falling by the wayside. Right space right now to now, it creates opportunity for you to step in as a pure voice, yeah? So, like, that's just my that's just my kind of like, yeah, prophetic exhortation to you, yeah, on that, I would say that then it's like, when we make it practical for what directions to go in Your in what you're doing in ministry and business, the the areas where we have the most resistance, I think it's good to lean into those and just and to say because resistance doesn't necessarily mean that it's a bad thing. Oftentimes, resistance comes when it is the right thing to do, right if the resistance is like, not the door closing, because it's just like, now, at the same time, what you'll find is that the resistance often comes because we're we're using the wrong key for the right door, is what it is. So the resistance comes because we're trying to use an old method I see to get through a door that we're meant to walk through. So it's an open door, but it, but we, but we need the right access. And then as soon as you have the right access, the right tools, the right ways to walk through them, it becomes very easy. It becomes very simple. It's not that striving right step into those areas, okay? So that that's the that's the one side of it that I would say for you, and the other side is you're, you got to get comfortable making uncomfortable decisions that you're that you have uncertainty about, okay? And when it comes to business, there's going to be uncertain things. Now that's where having these different kind of research tools I just like, I like now that I've been able to set up these different AI agents and stuff like this, the ability to research and have more clarity in my business is so much more powerful because of that. So when, when you say you have multiple directions that you could go in, like, just list off real quickly, what are some of those directions?

[1214:42] Mary Chalhoub: Well, some of the directions are like the prophetic or spiritual gifts, like equipping and training, some of it is more heart healing self image. Then sometimes I think, Am I speaking to women? Am I speaking to women and men? Should I just do practical things like book writing, like a book writing, course or club or other areas are that I'm very passionate about our worship in prophetic art.

[1225:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, so I think I like what you just mentioned. I would say, like, the worship and prophetic art can kind of be sort of like the like, the like, the cherry on top, the frosting on top of everything else,

[1229:27] Speaker 5: yeah, you

[1229:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: know, but implement it. And I think you could actually implement all of these things together, yeah, because I think that healing the heart, self image. I think definitely you have a message you're I think you have a message that women resonate with, and I think I think men and women can resonate with it, but I think that women probably would benefit more.

[1237:55] Mary Chalhoub: I Hmm. Like, for example, I have, I did build a team, like, I have an online team. We, like an intersession team. We pray together, we strategize and stuff. And I was quite, I mean, it's really split men and women. It's half men women. So I, and I was

[1242:39] Jeremiah Krakowski: curious about that. I know you mentioned that before, if it stayed that way, yeah, that kind of seems like you really do attract sort of a split half and half. I think that would be good. I find, I find it's interesting. For me, I probably have more women that I activate into their success than I do, necessarily even men and I and I just it's always been that way, because I've always worked with strong, powerful women business leaders, and I've had to learn how to kind of navigate, how do you how do I have a conversation with a woman business owner versus a, you know, a male business owner, and it's just, It's just different and and so I think that like finding, again, who are you attracting? Who is, who's getting the most results from what you do? That's kind of the message that you want to focus in on. Okay, as far as that side of it is as, again, who gets the most results? Who? Who do you see as like, the like? And it could just be like two people, even three people that they've followed everything that you've done, and they've seen exponential growth in their life. Those are the people that you really kind of want to build what you're doing in your next season off of what their story was, and then how it connects to your story, and how it connects to this whole bigger picture of things. So now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take what we just talked about and I'm gonna bring this into I'm will take a few it might take like 510 minutes to process this. Okay, the agent, but I'm going to take, I'm going to take what we just talked about. I'm going to pull this in here.

[1269:50] Speaker 2: See Oh, no, it's frozen. There we go. Scroll down

[1273:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: the note taker. Are you still there?

[1274:05] Mary Chalhoub: Me, yeah, yes, I'm here.

[1274:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, great, let me see transcript. Note taker. Okay, there we go. Let me go right first.

[1281:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: OGG, there we go. Okay, sorry, I'm trying to, I'm trying to get this transcript down here, so I have the transcript of what we just talked about. Let's do this right here. Okay, this is going to help us get some like clarity on all this. Okay? Jill take the following transcript from a conversation I had with Mary. You can look her up online and find what she's take what we talked about and help her gain some clarity on what direction to go and where to start. Okay, so like, simply, because I know that it's it's built in with all my frameworks and all that, let's see use all the frameworks and information that you have about the business models that I teach people come up with this. So that's what I'm going to I'm going to send it, and we're going to, we're going to come up with this and turn this into a beautiful PDF that I can share with her. All right, so we're gonna kind of come back to that once that is okay, created. Just take a look at that. Let's see. Dorothy says, with my intro, $5 yoga course. Where would you store the videos? I mean, you could store them on Vimeo. You could store them as as private YouTube videos. You could store them in Thinkific. You could store them in a school community. You could store them on a Google Drive link. I use Google Drive frequently for different things, just to give people access to stuff after they pay for it, you just get the link and you send it to them. And so like those are all really easy ways to do that. Or you could, you know, set up something in like a school community or a Teachable account, or in Vimeo somewhere. Vimeo has these things called, like, password protected playlist. You could send the playlist to somebody,

[1325:28] Dorothy: yeah, because I've got a school account for my yoga membership, but my administrator was saying that, like, if I was doing a separate course, but they would still have to log in to my membership if they still have to get the membership. But I wasn't sure if that was actually the case. Whether you can have separate things, because I know it's really easy with Thinkific, isn't it? You can have different bundles that school,

[1332:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think you can. You can have different courses be like different access inside the school community.

[1334:49] Dorothy: Okay, yeah, okay, oh, that's good to know. Yeah, if

[1336:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're a part of your membership, I would just give them the $5 course. $5 course is not necessarily for people that are in the membership, so I just give people the the course, yeah, and they had to pay to join the membership, yeah, for the $5 course. But again, you could also just give them the videos through a link somewhere as well. Great.

[1341:54] Dorothy: So, so it could be a separate Google Drive, so you can have, like, multiple Google Drives, right? If you want, yeah,

[1345:51] Speaker 2: I want to do something else here, when I want to make a really nice

[1348:36] Speaker 2: graphic here for you guys, I me go into see use

[1351:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: nano banana to make a nice outline graphic on my clients of the process sprint. I

[1358:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: to make you guys a graphic I'm going to post to the group here, based on what we talked about here today. Just a nice outline, right? It's building the comprehensive clarity document for Mary. I think the biggest thing that we got to get to a place of is where we don't let anything and I just I mean anything slow us down from iterating and getting our offers out there, without burning ourselves out, without needing to sit in front of a computer for 25 million hours, and you start to utilize these new tools that exist to reach people with your offer, to reach people with with what you're with, with what you're offering. So again, like, Let's go big picture here, and I just want to kind of map this out here, so that's kind of like the tech side of setting it up, right? None of that changes what we've been talking about for three four years now. For three four years now, I've been showing you this process.

[1383:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Number one, you find the right people. You use AI to figure out who they are. Now with an agent, this full step right here A find, write, sales, copy, build, funnel,

[1390:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: okay, promote. That's all now in one step with an AI agent. So what we were able to what we like, remember, you find the people, you write the copy, you figure out, like, who that niche is. You figure out your niche, you find your niche. Write the copy, you build the funnel, you start promoting it. That can all be done in like, one step now with agents. Okay, so this is agents right here. And so agents, you can pretty much have the agents do, like everything for those steps, okay, and then number five is you sell, and then you analyze. Analysis agents can do the whole thing. The selling is Agent assistant, okay, so that so one of the main things the agents can't necessarily.

[1412:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: The agents can, they can't necessarily Excel for you. They like you have to be the one that talks and sells. You have to be the one that communicates. You have to be the one that coaches with people, okay, and so with that,

[1418:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: the agent, though, can assist you in what's your script for your webinar? What's your sales script when you are communicating with client on the phone? You can have the agent automate writing people in the direct messages in DM 's I showed you guys like a month ago in Manus, doing that now with OpenClaw. You can have it just log into your Instagram and start sending DM 's to people to message them. And so like, almost like the entire process that I used to have to teach you manually to do the agents can do finding your niche. You figure out that with the AI. We did that with AI all the time, originally writing the copy, building the funnel, launch the ads, creating the ads. Agents can do that selling. You can use agents to assist you with selling, and then analyzing the whole process and reiterating the agent can do all that as well. Okay, so just kind of keep that in mind. All right, here we go. Here's Mary 's PDF, right here, direction and clarity, blueprint, personalized roadmap, prepared for Mary chalhob, author of destined to shine, securing your true identity. Published author,

[1442:00] Speaker 2: this is you right where

[1442:35] Mary Chalhoub: I don't see me. Yeah, that's me, yep. So Mary, you don't

[1443:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: have a direction problem. You have a decision problem, asked as a clarity problem, okay, public conversation. There are 10 different directions I can go. I keep going back and forth. That's not 10 options. That's one calling with 10 expressions. Everything you listed. Book writing, spiritual, equipping, heart healing. They orbit around the same center, helping people secure their true identity so they can shine. Literally the title of your book,

[1451:23] Mary Chalhoub: okay? The

[1451:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: convergence of where it all comes together using Jeremiah's framework, what lights you up? What did people consistently ask you about identity reclamation through faith, the book writing is proof that you walk the path. Spiritual equipping is the how heart healing is the self. Image is the transformation worship and art is the atmosphere shifting. So this is your unique positioning. Start a podcast this week, right there. Use pod bean to do that. Okay? First 10 episodes, I lost myself helping everybody else why self doubt is a spiritual issue, not just a mindset problem, but breast cancer taught me about identity, the performing trap, when your ministry becomes your mask.

[1465:35] Mary Chalhoub: Man, it even knew I had breast cancer.

[1466:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: It found, it found the info about you, yeah. So I didn't know that, but it did, yeah. And if you want to use that or not, you can, I think it does have there's, I think there's definitely a lot of power in that part of your

[1470:37] Speaker 2: story, for sure.

[1471:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Writing the book that healed me, while your story matters, build a $5 entry product, $5 identity assessment, $5 shine workshop, group coaching, and then. So this could be like 497, for three months. 197, a month. Start with 10 to 20 people. You have something 90% of them don't a published book. Reach How to use it. Podcast episodes, $5 product, group coaching. The book itself can all be kind of used to guide through that. Use your old book to guide people to whatever the next thing that you're doing is.

[1481:37] Mary Chalhoub: So, what's up? My dog just ran out. I didn't realize, okay, I'm listening. I'm just good, yeah.

[1484:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yeah. So podcast entry level. You got the book, you got a low ticket. Kind of offer here, then you can start offering kind of like a group coaching and a VIP mentoring for 1500 to three grand. I Okay, so you don't have to teach how to write a book. That's the old key, technical draining, yeah, teach you how to find their voice through writing. Ah, that's good. That's the identity word. And this is what I love, because, like, it probably, I probably would have taken me a couple days to kind of get to this right here, the AI agent, because it's trained on what I've done, and it was able to look up what you do and all that and our conversation. It was able to pull all that together. I realized, like, that's what you need to do. Find their voice through writing, coming their fear that their story matters, finding their voice. Writing is an act of healing, using writing as a healing part of their journey.

[1500:28] Mary Chalhoub: Wow, that's good. The

[1500:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: healed writer type, turning their testimony into a tool to help others. Write your shine. The Spirit led book writing experience could be a whole thing, right there? Yep.

[1504:27] Mary Chalhoub: So can I get a copy of that? Yeah? Okay, awesome, yep.

[1506:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so I think, like, just right there, that's where now the value is, like, if you got that all set up with your own agent, then you could kind of build upon that and have it then start building out all the different resources

[1510:16] Speaker 2: for you. The agent could go

[1510:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: in and literally create the podcast for you and go in and do all that. And that's what's powerful now, is these, is these agents, anything that, like you would do technically or on a computer, you can

[1514:39] Speaker 2: have the the system do it Okay, which is just so, so cool. So yeah, let me send you that, that file.

[1519:13] Mary Chalhoub: Great. Thank you. All right.

[1520:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Adele, you still here?

[1522:07] Speaker 2: Is Adele still here?

[1522:33] Adele Best: Yeah, I just couldn't get the mute button off. I'm still here.

[1523:41] Speaker 2: Take a look at this.

[1524:23] Adele Best: Already hit our launch. Oh, wow, did it create this PDF that's amazing. Build your page, connect. Love it, get your automate. It's funny because in my mind's eye, that's what I was aware of that I had to do that create your offer, yeah, mini class, graphics and copy and second school, live and sell. I love it. It's brilliant.

[1530:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: So this is now kind of the process of getting your offer out there is, and it's agents all the way,

[1532:14] Adele Best: yeah, I love

[1532:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: it for doing this.

[1533:28] Adele Best: So if we create ads account and the email automation obviously create an offer somewhere and then tell it to go and create the ads, it should be able to do that, and we can do that in Manus. Yeah, yeah,

[1536:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can do it Manus, like using Manus and lovable together would

[1537:49] Adele Best: probably be that might be a sort of a really easy next step for us, if we don't want to go all the way to an agent like this. Might be,

[1540:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah, well, Manus does have an easy Next Step. Play with the agent tab too, and see kind of how it works inside of me. So I trust Manus a lot, because meta owns them, as far as from a safety and security and kind of being able to set everything up right. And Manus is a really, it's a mature platform. They were actually the first AI agent platform that existed. Was Manus. They launched almost a year and a half ago. Wow, so I still think, like Manus is one of the best tools that's very easy for anybody to create an account with and start using agents with. So but, yeah, that's the, that's kind of the launch sprint, right there.

[1553:12] Adele Best: Okay, I've screenshot of that. We're getting

[1553:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: our offer launch. I'm gonna go put it in the, in the group too, because this is truly, and what, like, what we just went over right here. Like, that's like, I need to, I need to make some YouTube videos on that. I need to start talking about, like, this simple process of using agents to do those steps. Because now what we just did was we made it practical. We took it from like, have an agent build your business, to like, Okay, what do you actually have the agent do

[1561:59] Adele Best: for you? Yeah. So your, your quick start. Things changed a bit now the quick start training. What's up? You know that you did your fast track training for newcomers? Yeah, it's kind of like that. Now it's just

[1566:34] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, yes. That needs to be updated. Yeah, that's

[1567:52] Adele Best: now changed as well, definitely.

[1569:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: You know, we all talk about resistance that we have. My biggest resistance has just been like, the past week with my, my wife's mom being in the hospital and all that, and it's like, I'm going to get my AI agents, course, started. And then this happens, and then so sometimes you just gotta give yourself grace to take another week to get something out there. Yeah, um, Okay, How's everybody feel about all this

[1577:22] Speaker 1: excited? Yeah,

[1577:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: is there anywhere else that like? It feels confusing. We're not sure about,

[1579:19] Adele Best: like, can we tell Manus? Like, I'd also like to create a podcast as a lead magnet that they go into the website or wherever, and then, yes,

[1581:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: you could have Manus research, kind of how to get the podcast up and do all the setup.

[1582:35] Adele Best: Yeah. So just give Manus my book and say, create a podcast out of that that's going to use sales psychology to reverse engineer them to my first offer ladder, like I would

[1585:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: have it give you, like, your first 10 kind of podcast episode ideas with descriptions, yeah, and then, kind of how to set and then have it set up the technical side of the podcast. And I

[1588:22] Adele Best: can even just clone my voice in 11 labs and just get AI to make them for me, if I really didn't want to do that, that's an option.

[1590:40] Speaker 2: Yeah, definitely. That's awesome.

[1592:07] Dorothy: Would you say to put pod bean onto your website? Would that be something you do? Where would you have your podcasts running?

[1595:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: So you can either use Podbean or, like, you can just create a self hosted podcast thing. Like, I have my agents that they just created a podcast for me, but so when you have a podcast, you need to have the audio files somewhere. So that's Podbean does right here, and they do so this is, let's see unlimited audio right there. And then what it'll what it'll do is it'll, actually, it'll submit it to all the different podcast platforms like Spotify and Apple and all those for you, Amazon music, because the way that you actually get a podcast out there

[1609:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: is this little thing called an RSS feed. And what a podcast RSS feed looks like is looks

[1611:36] Speaker 2: like this. Let's see. Should be able to find it.

[1614:58] Dorothy: So I'm thinking of branching out to do something a bit like headspace with audio relaxation as well as a podcast. If you're

[1618:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: gonna do something like that, I would build it more as an app instead of lovable. Yeah, so like you go to lovable. I want to? I want to do something like headspace for relaxation, kind of a podcast, something with audios like that. Can you build this for me? So it's like that easy is, has, how you prompt level,

[1626:38] Dorothy: GT, yeah. And then

[1627:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: what's what it's doing is it's exploring, like, all the different ways that you would build out that whole ecosystem. And that's going to build us out an example of this right here. What I've been doing with my agents is I give them an idea like that, and I say, Okay, now let's go make a server. Let's go build it, and let's create that software, and then it just builds me whatever I'm

[1635:31] Dorothy: Wow, so that that would actually be inside lovable. So it could

[1636:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: be build it in lovable, but then you can publish it anywhere, yeah, so you can add a custom domain, you can publish it online. So would it be guided meditation, ambient sound, sleep, stories, breathing exercises, yeah. Which ones would it be?

[1641:35] Dorothy: Well, I think it would be definitely guided meditations and deep relaxation. There'll be a lot of specific things, so I do a whole series for people with me and chronic fatigue. Then there'll be a series around meditation and mindfulness.

[1647:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: There'll be a series on what

[1647:58] Dorothy: meditation and mindfulness,

[1648:30] Speaker 2: chronic fatigue,

[1649:04] Dorothy: yeah, and me, okay, all right, let's

[1651:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: have it just kind of start from here where the audio files come from.

[1653:16] Dorothy: So it's deep breath work, upload your own

[1654:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: calm and minimal. Nature inspired, dark, immersive or what tone,

[1656:00] Dorothy: probably calm and minimal, I'd say definitely. Nature inspired. They can

[1658:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: create user accounts, all right? This

[1662:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: is going to be a really nice app. How detailed should the profiles be just basic profile for a series like chronic fatigue or mindfulness? Should sessions be sequential or freely accessible, remote, open access, so they can jump to session to session in order, or they can jump from session to session?

[1668:52] Dorothy: Oh, definitely. Well, I'd say they can jump from session to session, but ideally they're doing them in order, but they might find that there's one that works for them the best, you know, and then they want to jump straight to that one, right?

[1673:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: And this is a whole new thing they've added into lovable hero starts asking more of these questions, because the idea is the agent is now coming up with, like, the best way to kind of deliver your idea to you,

[1677:05] Speaker 2: is what it's doing. Yes, right. So this is kind of the plan, fantastic, create it. It's

[1684:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to take a little bit to it's got to write all the code. So in the back end, see it's writing all this code.

[1688:04] Dorothy: Amazing. How's

[1688:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: going to put it all together? So everything is all written in code and lovable. There's our plan. So now it's going to start setting this up for you, and then I can, I can actually send you this project and transfer ownership of it to you.

[1694:56] Dorothy: Wow, amazing. So then

[1696:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can start using it yourself. And just to get to that point, we only used three and a half credits, yeah, on my account. So that's lovable. Uses credits, yeah, we see transfer ownership,

[1701:30] Dorothy: and then I could put it on something like Audible.

[1703:21] Speaker 2: What's your.

[1715:15] Jeremiah Krakowski: It out to do something like that eventually, yeah, once you put something into audible it,

[1717:09] Dorothy: it's not paid access, it's free.

[1717:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: Oh, so just kind of keep that in mind. Like, okay, so would it be better to have it on SoundCloud then, unless you're

[1720:28] Dorothy: no SoundCloud 's pretty, pretty old and outdated. Yeah, I wouldn't use SoundCloud. So with something like headspace, I know passion IO is used a lot, isn't it, people doing that kind of thing, you know, or, you know, just audio relaxation, because a lot of people with me and chronic fatigue don't like looking at the screen. That's pretty standard that, you know, if I'm teaching yoga, so I've got a number of students that, and that's why I teach in a particular way, and I describe as much as I can, but all the students that can't look at the screen, you know. So I think there's a definite,

[1732:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: huge market for just being audible, you know, audio, and it's just where the best place is to put that, where you could charge a membership. Well, yeah, so to charge a membership, I would not, at this stage, invest in passion I owe, yeah, and build it all inside of lovable, right? Passion, IO is kind of

[1738:08] Dorothy: before a lot of these AI tools, and they they're just charging exponentially for what you easily have something like lovable build for you. So I could have, like, a funnel with Facebook ads that would go to lovable, and all the audio would be there, yeah. Oh, that'd be great, yeah. Because school is very specific, really, to like, it's more like, set out, like, an environment where you are watching videos. You are sort of, you know, it's different to say, if somebody's, you know, on the hop, and they're they just want to listen to something. They're on a train, and they want to listen to some relaxation, you know, that kind of thing. So as has lovable got a

[1749:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: big storage you could have, like, because, you know, I'm sort of talking about hundreds of potential audios. Um, let me see they have their cloud platform right here that you can add storage buckets. Yeah, right here, like a new storage bucket that's right there. Yes, you can add more storage into it that way, if you need more, it's like, let's see disk usage that gives you nine gigabytes. If we need to increase it to say 200 or like 100 100 and if you're not that many audios, yeah, I'd say like 160 increase disc size, 260 gigabytes. So that's going to increase your disk size that much, 260 gigabytes. It's being updated. We can upgrade your instance to larger, like more visitors and stuff like that. So right here, let's see, there's the login screen. Here's the kind of

[1769:41] Speaker 4: home page of it. Sign In the preview, then add, okay, let's sign up.

[1776:23] Speaker 4: Okay, check your email. I have to go check my email to confirm it. I

[1787:36] Speaker 4: don't see an email, but

[1790:30] Speaker 4: see there's the back end.

[1795:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Like what I would say to it right here, this is now we got to go back and forth with it. Like I so I didn't get, I didn't receive the email when I signed up. So I didn't receive the sign up email to sign in. There's also no opening landing page, so that's where you got to have to talk back and forth with the agent. Yeah. Okay. What's not working? Instead of getting frustrated, we just take a look at

[1803:24] Speaker 4: What needs to be okay. Auto confirm is enabled. Week,

[1818:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: oh, there we go. Let's see meditation. This is where the series would be there. Mindfulness, chronic fatigue, breathing, brilliant profile.

[1821:57] Speaker 2: This is where they could have, like, their streaks, favorites. They could find different series in here. They can see different access, those different things. So then,

[1824:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: how do I administrate this to upload content? So now

[1827:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: it has to build you, like, a whole admin workflow. So that's the thing. Like, it kind of has to build out everything for you if you can do this. So now it's going to build out a whole like page for you to log in and upload video, upload audios and stuff like that into here. Yeah. So that's the thing. Like, when you're building with lovable with an app like this, yeah, you have to kind of set up each step, okay, like, how do I administrate this? How do I do that? And then you just have to kind of build out each of the different pages.

[1835:45] Dorothy: And you just have to explain to it, like, the different steps of what you're going to build. You don't have to understand how it's built. You just tell it what you're needing. So when I'm doing the recordings, because I've got a mini home studio,

[1840:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: so where am I putting the recordings on to, straight into lovable so that's what I just that's what I just told you, is to tell it to build an admin panel to where you would upload the recordings, right? So the place where you upload the recordings doesn't exist yet. Yeah, so there's not anywhere, but it has to now, the agent has to then build that into it, that functionality into it. So you would have thought, well, that that should have been obvious. The agent should just known to do that. Well, that's the limitation with agents, is that oftentimes they don't necessarily

[1850:01] Dorothy: think about the big picture, and it's better that they don't. It's better that they focus on the kind of

[1851:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: the individual aspects of that. Yeah, so you're just building each aspect, and you know that that's been done so well, you're not really necessarily building it. You're more telling the tool what is missing, what's not working, what each aspect is that needs

[1856:20] Dorothy: to be done. Yeah, let's see.

[1857:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, admin panel, new series, hard drive, so I could just be recording meditation. Okay, here it is. Oh, morning medication. I don't know about medication, but we'll do morning medication. Okay, great. Click the series, add a session. Okay, here we go. So you could do and on how long the session is. Session One, you could upload the audio. Files right here.

[1866:12] Tiffany Quinones: So here's an audio file right there. Add a session.

[1867:58] Jeremiah Krakowski: Session added now, okay, the session uploaded, but isn't playing, see, so you have to kind of go through and it's going to review, okay, what's the what are the playback issues, all those different types of things. And you can either get

[1874:08] Dorothy: frustrated with this part of it, or you can kind of like, I find that

[1875:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is kind of the fun of the process, a little bit for me. Yeah, it's amazing. Yeah. So it's not going to build everything like that's going to be working perfectly right out the gate. I would say building Funnels is 10 times easier. Yeah. Well, doing it, one of the things that I did, it's giving everybody access to the admin panel. So you don't want that, so you get to tell, hey, I want only certain accounts to have access to the admin panel. Otherwise, all your users will also be able to access it. Okay, let's see. It says it's playing, yep, educational, informational purposes, not intended to be medical advice, diagnosed or treatment. So now it's playing back the audio that I just uploaded right there. But I'm trying to let you know I'm not blowing you off. Yeah, I can. Okay, so it can it has the audio that I just uploaded. Now, right there a session one, so right there is kind of like a prototype of this. So, okay, the structure of this is a bit off. All members are getting admin access. I want to separate those out so only certain users are admins, others aren't, and clean up the interface so it works better review and audit everything. This is one prompt I always use review and audit everything and fix any issues, and then it'll just go through everything and kind of fix those issues, and then I'll go back to like, the next feature that I want to add.

[1904:03] Dorothy: And so those are kind of like the different ways that you can use agency to make an app like this. Yeah.

[1906:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: Very much. Like working with an administrator, because you have to go back and say, Can you do this? Can you do that? Yeah, it is very much like working tweak this. Yeah, yep. It's just like that, yeah, um, but it usually it's gonna, it'll, overall, it'll take you a lot less time than working with a person, Yeah, cuz, like, like, what we just made right here would have probably taken somebody like a week to build. Yeah, at this level, absolutely now we have a, at least a basic platform where we can load sessions into and then we, you know, we need a, we need a sales letter on the home page to sell this and charge $7 a month for it. We'll do stripe integration.

[1922:31] Dorothy: So then, like, that's my I got queued up message that I gave. It's gonna have a sales letter, payment, Stripe, integration, all that that you can add into it, yeah.

[1925:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: And why would you sort of put the price point on audios like this, a sort of audio membership,

[1927:56] Dorothy: free. I guess you could totally do it for free. Yeah. I mean, well, I probably would do it as a pay thing.

[1930:23] Jeremiah Krakowski: I'd probably base it slightly on headspace and have

[1931:37] Dorothy: a look at, you know what they've done, like two, like $2 a month,

[1933:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: $19 a year, yeah, type of a thing, but how much does I don't know? Well, I'll look up headspace, and I'll just do some research on that cheap at that level. And then you could then use this as a tool to advertise your other type of stuff. So you could, like, Okay, put like, ads every three times that somebody logs in to my yoga studio, yeah, pop up, yeah. Like, what we have on Sandi 's is we have her health app $17 a month. We have over 700 people that signed up for this. Wow, I built the whole thing in lovable, top to bottom, and then, well, I built it in lovable, and then I use Claude code on my own. And then I used, now I have my agents that are kind of getting in here doing stuff, but it just, it looks beautiful. And so the app, it's, it's over at a real change.ai. Yeah, right here, $17 a month, so they can chat with it right here. Here's the chat bot, the admin panels back here. Now it's not doesn't load all the right numbers in the back. I need to fix that. So, bit of a bug so a lot more users that are active than that, because every time you refresh it, the number changes. So that's just a that's a bug that I need to fix, but it's not like breaking because it's not removing people's access. It's just how it's reading the system. But from here, it gives people access to this. Yeah, can ask it questions, and it charges them for the access. Oh, so we built that into lovable, very easily, an app. And then what I'm building next is an Android and an iOS version of those. So like headspace is right here. Their pricing is $60 a year, $12 a month, okay, $5 a month, discount right there. So you could, you could undercut that down to 20, $30 a year.

[1971:21] Dorothy: Yeah, or five, or, you know, three to $5 a month, something like that. So pretty cool, huh?

[1973:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes, very, very cool. Thank you. Yeah, yeah. Well, I've got so much cereals, so yeah, just gotta start doing it. And it's just kind of, and that's, that's, again, one of the values of like having one of these agents set up again? Yeah, if you guys want me to help you set up one, like the one that makes all those PDFs for me and things like that, and it just, it's loaded with all your content, things like that. Let me know. Send me a message on Instagram, and then we can start working together and getting you one of those set up as well. That'll be the it'll be the definitely be a lot more. I'm not even necessarily using lovable or Manus anymore. I'm just using my OpenClaw agents now, because they actually do a better job of everything than those two apps do. Like I showed you, it rebuilt in one day. It rebuilt my entire website right here. It pulled all the photos it it wrote all the copy, it took all the testimonies. It just created a working website for everything that I do. And these are all my blog posts. These are all the blog posts I've ever done, and you can just scroll through and read them, which I think is pretty cool, if, like, if you go through these. These are a whole masterclass in and of themselves, like this. These blog posts, this, everything related to building your business is here on this blog I've I've basically dumped

[2002:03] Dorothy: if I had a podcast on it or taught it in this group. I probably

[2002:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: made a blog post about it too. So there's 167 posts on there, and that's all on lovable, is it? No, this isn't with my AI agent. Built this, yeah, my, my OpenClaw agent, yeah.

[2007:38] Dorothy: So I'm rebuilding all of my pages now in here for my whole website, everything. So with your blog

[2010:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: and with the podcast, do you charge for either of those, or are they both free? No, they're just free on my website. Yeah, yep. And now my agents, they're writing better blog posts now, because they're trained on my content than I've ever had written like, these are like, ridiculously good quality blog posts on how to how I'm using OpenClaw and Claude to put everything together. I basically have it listen like I'm gonna have my agent listen to this recording of our call today, give me 10 ideas for blog posts, and it's gonna go write two of them.

[2021:49] Speaker 2: And so that's that's how I do my blog post. And then it generates me four versions of like an image that I could put at the top here.

[2024:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: So, yep, yep. That's, that's what we're that's where we've moved into, as far as the world of

[2027:24] Speaker 2: building our businesses. So now it's like, I can get my to more people faster

[2029:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: through these different tools. It's great. Alrighty. Y'all, well, it's three o'clock. We got to get going. But I think this has been eye opening and informative, and we kind of, we really walked through a lot of different use cases and ways to build this stuff out. Thanks.

[2035:26] Speaker 2: Jeremiah, that's been really good. Yvette, let me go look real quick at just what it just did for Dorothy's

[2037:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: Dorothy's app right here. Okay, great. Here's our front end. Stop surviving, start feeling calm, guided meditation, breath work, chronic fatigue, support, all in one simple app. Build a practice that sticks. You've tried everything, the apps that feel like homework, the YouTube series with terrible ads, the advice to just breathe when your body's screaming has the sign up links right there.

[2046:09] Speaker 3: We'll go to the signup page.

[2047:11] Jeremiah Krakowski: So already, it's building all this into here. Amazing, incredible,

[2049:01] Speaker 3: pretty, awesome. All right,

[2049:26] Speaker null: have a good one, and we will talk soon. Bye, bye, bye.

