Indie Coaching Platform
Date: 2022-08-17T14:55:55.000Z
Duration: 49 min
Otter ID: bmPYC76GT-yo6x8-vAG9Xjpp5NM
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: I'm way up and ready to go. I love it. Oh. Hey, Daniel. Good to see you.

[2:22] Speaker 1: Hey guys. Hey everyone.

[3:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: I look as good as Daniel on a shirt like that. Yeah

[5:28] Speaker 3: your two cards and it's not a competition.

[6:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: So we're shirts like that because they don't they don't look as good on me. So

[7:52] Speaker 3: it's just because it's 90 degrees and humid although I'm sure it's both human

[9:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: 107 down here Yeah,

[9:45] Speaker 3: I believe uh, well guys, thanks everyone for joining. This is our incredible research diligence team. Awesome. Just the next step in thinking out loud and I you shouldn't trip out i Jeremiah, we've worked with Jeremiah For more than a year on other projects for Mark and is sort of an extension of our team anyway, so feel free to speak you know, candidly and inquisitively and, and let's get started.

[18:23] Speaker 0: Awesome. No thanks for setting this up. Mark. Good to see you. Quick, quick introduction. I don't know if Daniel and market and your wife met your butcher pot is an MBA intern with us this this summer. He's awesome. He's at CVS, Columbia Business School and is helping run down a bunch of diligences. He was a former founder as well. So excited to have him help on on this. So yeah, exciting. And I know Jeremiah and I have been going back and forth over email as well. So thanks, Jeremiah for engaging with love. I guess would it be helpful to start there? I know we'd love to hear any kind of processing, you know, we went back and forth via email, but your initial reactions on some of the kind of the early notes that I sent through via via the The note I shared

[32:18] Speaker 4: I just go through your findings Irish.

[32:57] Speaker 0: Yeah sure. Happy happy to start there. Let me just pull that up first screen can you see my screen now? Yeah. Awesome. So just sharing through the the note that I sent through. I think overall part of this exercise for me was to better understand and map out what the indie coaching industry looks like today and how it's structured for Jeremiah this is definitely very redundant so I apologize for in for starters

[50:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: No, you're fine.

[51:06] Speaker 0: Overall it was it was an interesting history lesson also just a mapping exercise to understand who's out there. What are they selling? Who are they selling to and how are they differentiating from other players? So I think overall, you know, there's a couple of big names I found in this space that kind of created the industry altogether. But a lot of the ground roots comes from this desire to for business ownership, entrepreneurship, you know, establishing passive income and building their, your own side hustle is kind of like the theme of what I see is driving a lot of the desire for starting coaching businesses. I'll go into in a second. What different ways to play here are and we can start chatting about pros and cons for each. For me what was most helpful is understanding right? This is a market with a huge longtail specifically there are people out there starting coaching businesses around all types of different niches ranging from spiritual and Reiki parenting, obviously, your more traditional and bigger as you approach the more traditional niches like professional coaching, that's where you have kind of venture backed startup competitors providing dedicated coaching services. And so you see less so competitiveness from from indies where where some of this you know, weight loss, all of these are really interesting space. So there are

[74:48] Speaker 4: a lot of players in each of these 100 or so categories. I don't have

[75:51] Speaker 0: a full read on on the number of players across Jeremiah, you might have a better sense. I think there's a couple main ones where there's a lot of heat. A lot of is around. Nisha, actually, I think where Jeremiah sets which is you know, helping coaches start their coaching businesses is a big one that I see. There are a number of different players out there, some of them really big, that are all designing and building courses, much like Jeremiah is on helping coaches establish and then there's a sub industry on helping coaches that are helping new players establish their own social media marketing agency. So this is slightly different than starting a coaching business. This is more dedicated around.

[88:12] Speaker 1: Yeah, nailed the

[88:38] Speaker 0: marketing Yeah, in terms of the biggest niches I assumed they would be life coaching, career coaching and health and wellness are the big ones I've seen, and I'm not really sure how many if there's actually hundreds or 1000s of coaches in some of these other niches Jeremiah Do you have a read on that?

[94:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yes. couple thoughts on what you just shared. Would you like me to save my thoughts for later? Oh,

[96:32] Speaker 4: no, please. Where are they? Okay, perfect.

[97:21] Jeremiah Krakowski: Awesome. So, in your findings, did you find the name Dan Kennedy at all? No, I did not. Okay. Dan Kennedy is considered the sort of grandfather of the entire space. And Russell Brunson owner of Click Funnels purchased his entire intellectual property and makes it a part of his. So right now the leader in the space is going to be Russell Brunson and click funnels. Dan Kennedy had Glaser Kennedy, that where he did a lot of coaching. I have a lot of his books here. This is one of my favorite books. I tell everybody to read the Ultimate Sales Letter. You're not going to find most of his product online. anymore. Most of it is now it's owned by click funnels and you'll find it all in their digital archive that you can purchase as a membership. But I say that because so I mentioned my mom's business and she's been in the coaching business since 2009. Is when she got into it. I actually got into the industry before my mom did in 2004 working for Coach trainer, to specifically a sales trainer to network marketers that taught people that and they were they were doing at least they were doing like 10 to 12 million annually back in 2004 in this space, and my mom was inspired by that because my mom had built a multimillion dollar e commerce business back in the 90s I don't know why she didn't like Bezos. level but she she had a lot of health illnesses and had to sell the company and basically start from scratch so but she was in that space way earlier than most people almost 9095 is when my mom got into E commerce. And then she learned about the E learning space and in 2009 got into that scaled that business to $20 million. And now she has her current business teaching teaching stocks, she's retired from that space. I've kind of taken the torch what my mom built from 2009 to 2021. And that's what my business is is the next iteration of what she built for that time. The other thing that I see is that as far as the niches go one niche that I didn't see that was on your list that can be in a couple of them is called Art coaching and and creator coaching. And this is really a huge aspect as far as as we step into the future I think the next 15 years creator, how having an entire economy and I'm personally very bullish on the metaverse myself as a big picture. And I think that there's a lot of potential in this space for that. I know most of the advertising that Mehta is doing around the metaverse involves elearning is one of their main things elearning and connection in the workplace as their two focuses are their leaders in each niche. That was your ultimate question. And the main niches where it's red ocean, there's a ton of leaders and there's there's a handful of them. Here's what's crazy even in the read the reddest of red ocean spaces. The like the top 1% can usually hit $100 million

[150:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: which isn't hard to get into the top 1% If you know who they are and you hang out with them and you do what they do. Um, the top, I would say two to 5% are doing over 10 million in the red ocean space of specifically, business coaching. business coaching people see investment it's an investment they gain an ROI. They're willing to invest a lot of money so the numbers are are higher I know then most people usually end up if they hit that 100 million dollars they enter into the software space and do coaching slash software. That's been the trajectory that I've seen a lot of people do, or they go into Hermoza he's doing he's really young. So he's taking a big risk I haven't seen anybody do is actually investing into coaches once they reach $3 million to help them scale to that $10 million level over the course of he says five years. But truthfully if a coach is at 3 million they can get to 10 million quickly in all the other niches. Some of the niches just aren't as profitable is one of the biggest things. And most of the time these people are not professional marketers. They're not around business people. And so that's the space that I kind of have targeted my customers towards is helping these people that don't understand marketing, how to get clients because they're great teachers. And most of the people that I coach with our spiritual coaches aren't coaches, health coaches and we have some social media marketing coaches so those are like the four that I've kind of worked with over the years and my mom more being an anomaly. She's an investment in stock market trading coach now as what she's doing the coaching space slash elearning I feel like calling it coaching. That's what it's called. It's the most profitable space. But I think the elearning space is just bigger in the grand scheme of things. And there's a whole generation that's growing up right now that we need to build resources for today. So that's my big picture view on it.

[185:17] Speaker 0: And what's the difference you see there between elearning and coaching specifically, in terms of like the course with the audiences,

[187:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: right? I think elearning itself is more that's cheaper. Usually the price point is a lot lower. as well. coaching and teaching are two different things. Teaching as I'm telling you information you're learning from me as a teacher. Coaching is where we take what was taught, and this is usually the hybrid that I teach people create it, create courses, or a series of courses, and then coach people to answer their questions, ask questions and pull out of them their greatness so that they apply what they're learning much better. And then consulting would be more hands on and that's a third level to this is usually actually helping somebody who can make a specific investment, do the thing that they're doing and so that's what like my client, Rick Pino. I've been a consumer. He's been a consulting client of mine, because I've been in the day to day of his companies for the last two the 2018 for years. And so that's what I believe scale his to eight figures. And now I've got to the point where we have more of a coaching relationship I'm doing I'm not doing the day to day with him anymore. I'm mostly focused on sales. Copywriting as a consultant on copywriting. So

[209:44] Speaker 0: yeah, yeah. And just quick question on you mentioned art and spiritual coaching. I'm just curious like, what that entails, for instance, like the coaches that you've worked with

[213:05] Speaker 1: in Absolutely.

[213:52] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay. So spiritual coaching, people have a desire of a goal that they believe that spiritual growth will help them achieve in the grand scheme of things in the world and they see themselves as a world changer. And so by empowering people to feel like they can make a difference in the world. People are willing to invest into that significantly, especially, usually most spiritual coaching, transitions into leadership coaching, where you essentially teach others to lead in that way. We see this in in every major religion. So it's kind of taking the model of religion and leadership and attaching more of an education aspect to it more like a a new version of of seminary, and oftentimes when it's spiritual coaching, they don't usually call it coaching. They usually call it a school of some kind or a university.

[230:11] Speaker 0: Yep. Interesting. And is there any primary way of discovery today for customers for any of these coaching businesses? Is it through social ads?

[233:37] Speaker 1: Yes. Okay.

[234:30] Speaker 0: Using any sort of like discovery platform to look like what what other course

[235:55] Speaker 1: they can go for?

[236:25] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I haven't. I haven't seen any major discovery platforms besides Udemy. Right. Udemy is is they kind of took that idea and they've created their business model is just an aggregate but they sell everything very cheaply. So they're in a volume business.

[242:00] Speaker 0: Yeah, because it's more async it's less live. I mean, most of this is all a sink, but

[243:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: Right. Most of it can turn into recorded content over time. That's the goal because then the coach usually doesn't have the capacity to work with people like Rick Pino. Now he doesn't meet live with anybody unless they're paying him at the 10 to $12,000 level. So he's only coaching people live at that level, whereas a year ago, he was coaching people live for only $97. So now he is he no longer

[252:03] Speaker 3: I'm sorry, Jeremiah. How many remind me how many hours at that level?

[253:30] Speaker 1: How many hours?

[253:49] Speaker 3: How long is the coaching? Is it individual or is it group?

[254:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: They get two hours a month with Rick, one to one? No. Group it's a group of 150 people that pay 10,000 to $12,000. So they get that coaching on a group level for two hours a month. And then there's a there's a secondary coach that coaches that has been trained through his system, and then he has his best friend slash business partner, Adam Carpenter, who is also coaching as well in their niche which is an art coaching niche. It's art and business essentially, it's worship songwriters to help them write better songs, produce better songs, and then publish and then distribute. So the whole start to finish one of our tag lines that we came up with in our last campaign was we want to walk you through and hold your hand all the way to the award show. Yeah, it makes a lot of this is based off a persuasive sales copy and sales language too. You can you can sell just about anything with the right sales language, and if you can't, then you need to pivot what you're actually offering because people just don't want what you're offering. So that's that's the other part of it. What we discovered with Rick he was doing a hybrid spiritual art coaching. And then he called it worship coach, and it was teaching people how to grow in their spiritual walk with God, worship, and, and it was essentially him as a spiritual teacher. But that wasn't a very profitable

[280:27] Speaker 3: niche. And my final question, on this is just, I know that one startup that's doing this sort of in the DJ hip hop world if someone wanted Rick Pino to appear on their single or to have Rick promote their song or produce a song, Has anyone asked that and do you have any idea what you charge for that?

[286:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: He has he I think he's working out something like that right now. Okay, I'm not sure on the details. I, I know he gets asked a lot of that question. I think eventually, he's gonna get there but he hasn't focused on that he's kind of created more telling people like you don't need to be on somebody else's tracks to grow. You can do it by yourself. Everything which that's more his choice as a teacher to choose that. I personally think that he should pivot into what you're just saying. I've recommended it, but I don't think he's ready for it. So but I could see that in the next two years being part of his model. Okay, thanks. He is, however, partnering with a number of other artists as coaches and teachers that he knows in the space that are experts. And now he's just partnered with one of the top there are Grammy winning artist, their studio that recorded the Grammy winning songs. They're now offering them to produce his students songs, three songs for $10,000 which actually breaks down to be significantly less than it would be for them to get it by themselves. To most I mean, not significantly, but like it would be about five grand to produce that level. If they went out and did it themselves. They're getting a savings of 33% off by going through Rick and his connections. But But Rick is doing a deal where he's making a 90% profit. So

[310:50] Speaker 0: So a quick question on I think what would be most interesting from my perspective is to here obviously, we've been talking about a couple of different ways to potentially play if we find this market interesting. From my perspective, what I had shared, there may be some room to do some SAS, I haven't yet canvass the market. It seemed like you brought up a ton of different tools that are available for others

[317:29] Jeremiah Krakowski: more than those two there. It's heavily saturated.

[318:30] Speaker 1: Right? SAS tools. Yeah. They're,

[319:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: they're the unique SAS tool that did pop up. They were actually just featured on the Forbes 5000 is jasper.ai the artificial intelligence copywriting app which I use for all of our copywriting it has dramatically improved our conversions and sales. Wow. So we use for all the copywriting. It gets me about 80% to where it needs to be. And then I will, in my experience, be able to tweak that 80% But it saves my workflow like ridiculous

[327:56] Speaker 0: Yeah, yeah, that's really exciting space we've seen

[329:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, the website builders face and all that heavily saturated. Nobody's really rising as a clear winner Click Funnels is probably one of the bigger ones and then you got

[331:58] Speaker 0: what exactly is Click Funnels doing?

[332:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so Click Funnels is not, it's a funnel builder. And they're teaching a message of funnels versus websites and creating what's called a funnel hub. Now in the coaching space I've traditionally built and we've used what we call funnel portal sites. We're not actually using a traditional website like a brochure. It's just a portal to the different funnels we have a funnel is a landing page that people land on. That then basically increases their buying temperature for them to become a lead and then nurtures people as a lead all the way up to the sale. That's a funnel. So click funnels helps people build that around there around their messaging for lead generation. And it's one of the fastest easiest tools to use, but it is also one of the most expensive so you can do 90% of what you can do with Click Funnels on Squarespace for less than $20 a month. So I recommend most of my clients because they're just starting out in the beginning I say to you Squarespace till they're making enough to upgrade to click funnels. You know, once they're making six figures, I'd say move to click funnels.

[351:24] Speaker 0: And then on the discovery side, have you come across this guy who's who's basically doing reviews of all the courses indeed,

[353:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: I've seen some people what I've seen in the in the discovery and I haven't seen anybody that is unbiased or has actually applied the training itself and gotten the results because every training has needs case studies behind it to really drive it. Client testimonies. What I've seen on these sort of unbiased reviews is coming from somebody who's not building a business and basing it off of like, a judgment of how well the person taught the class versus if the content actually produced results. And so I haven't, I haven't found any of these review platforms to be worth, like worth anything tangibly other than sometimes those. They end up using affiliate links to promote some of the top brands they want.

[369:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: Here's I mean, I guess here's the cool thing. We've never been negatively reviewed like a lot of our clients, so those platforms which is good, our clients that we've worked with haven't been, but I, I guess I find it's more it's more of a polarizing topic. And I'm not sure if it has the right scale. Is there anything like this, similar to this for colleges, and what's the market for that for colleges?

[376:58] Speaker 0: Yeah, we've seen this work a lot and many different markets from there Skillshare, which is more of just not just an aggregator but also a distribution platform. So but then, you know, boot camps, there's a big player called Career karma. That is basically for all types of like, okay, data science, engineering. That's cool. I like that. Yes. So the idea would be to apply a similar model better.

[384:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: Career karma. What I've seen in the coaching space is I've not found anybody that I respect as much as like a career karma. I think, I think in the in that space, like as far as programming and software engineering boot camps. Gosh, there's so many out there, right. So like, how do you pick which is a good one is what are their profits that the career karma is making? And do they have their own programs too, that they teach,

[391:43] Speaker 0: they don't teach any of their own programs, their focus is kind of being a Sherpa. They want you to find the, you know, they have a matching process intake. The Insight is, is that, you know, this is a big career transition, and we're investing a lot of time and so they try to find the best program versus feels and you know, the customer better than anyone on the coaching side, but it feels like the decision on on going after a coaching service is a bit less research. It's also a bit more like this. This feels right for me, rather than going back on the internet to research, Okay, what else is out there so I can see a reason for why it wouldn't work. But the one thing one benefit is you

[403:35] Jeremiah Krakowski: get to advertise it. Say, you know, there's so many resources out there for coaching. I can literally see a Facebook ad right now. There's so many resources out there for coaching. How do you know what is legitimate to go with? And then you got like some kind of like, crooked scammy guy saying, I'll help you build your business and then he's like, stealing all their money and then, you know, what if there was transparency in the coaching space, and then boom, like, you could literally advertise that and that would it would gain a lot of traffic.

[410:24] Speaker 3: I mentioned this the other day, but I also was thinking I spoke to a bunch of high school students from excuse me college students earlier in the week. And for their entry level roles. They are needing to show certificates and certifications around Excel, Microsoft Office, but I imagined some of the other things on that list too, depending on the occupation. Yeah, you know if there would be a way to rank the value of those certificates or, you know, have some type of score against them. And then separately, I was in Nebraska with the founders of career karma, if that's ever a useful

[417:54] Speaker 0: thing. That's awesome. Yeah, they're crushing it. Yeah, I think that's where the question is, I think there's definitely I believe in the broader elearning space, specifically, like there's a ton of different platforms offering certifications. I think it is slightly different, you know, that that's more learning and upskilling versus coaching is slightly a different proposition. I think that's a decision we'll have to make early on is like, which one of those segments feels more exciting, and where the consumer journey in terms of discovery might be a better fit? I think what's been difficult for me is really trying to get a gauge for what the supply of coaching services is out there. Like are there are we talking to hundreds are we talking to 1000s and how each of these are doing I think there truly is a bit of a transparency problem. But yeah, I the opportunity I see there is like and this is a question for Jeremiah is like, if that same customers is is buying into multiple coaching services, does it make sense for us to be this resource that can also offer preferred pricing bundles, allow coaches to partner better market together and just be again a better you know, discovery and cheaper platform for customers to discover these types of solutions?

[440:56] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, I'm looking at core strengths here. Just briefly. I recognize a lot of the names of some of the people that their that their rating, or they have or I guess they have ratings for because the ratings are coming from other people. It looks like I would say that because the ratings are coming from other people on their website. That's pretty cool. Right? And that's, that's a unique thing. That I haven't seen a sort of rating other than kind of with that. I'd be curious, like, what their revenue is, because I've never heard of them for and there's only about 30 to 40 ratings per program on their website.

[452:56] Speaker 1: Yeah, it

[453:11] Speaker 0: definitely feels like the platform isn't being kept up to date. I've looked at their LinkedIn, there's one Founder CEO, maybe worth reaching out and chatting with him to just see how they're doing. If it's something interesting, we may want to speak with him and see, it seems like he is spending most of his time though on YouTube reviews. Yeah.

[459:22] Speaker 4: Are they doing what we're talking about? Yes,

[460:00] Speaker 0: they are, but in a very poor manner. There seems to be very little traction. I don't know if that's reflective of kind of the lack of demand for and traction for for this type. of content, or if it's just poor execution.

[464:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think there's a lack of trust in that type of content in the space for most people, except for people that are transitioning from like, traditional corporate world but I know most of the people that I or in this space, they're usually going off of the testimonies and case studies that are on people's websites. And then they usually will sit through a sales presentation and the way of identifying the right client is it's very strategic to the words that you use. I'll give you an example of that with Rick Pino. Our advertising cost was reduced by 80%. Just by changing the word from Christian songwriter to worship songwriter.

[478:12] Speaker 1: Why is that?

[478:43] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because the algorithm on social media showed the ads to different people. And different people were clicking the ad by seeing the word worship versus Christian. Christian music is could be rap music. Country Music, Pop music, whereas worship music is a specific sub niche of that. So it only encompasses about less than 10% of all Christian music. And so by niching down even more, Oh, I see. Yeah, profits came but the more you niche down the algorithms on Tik Tok, Instagram and Facebook because that's where we're, that's where we're primarily running ads. I haven't ran any YouTube ads. I know there's a lot of power behind YouTube. I focused on the The Tick Tock Facebook and Instagram and that's where I've had success and tick tock is starting to get lead generation for about now. It was three 1/3 the cost now it's about 50% of the cost of Facebook Instagram. So tick tock ads are really starting to work cool because you can build look alike audiences look alike audiences based off of you have 1000 people who visited your website and gave you their email address. Now you're going to tell the algorithm go find me 10 million people like those 1000 people, and based off of 1000 person sample size, it's extremely accurate. And then once your copy is aligned with the exact person and what they want it literally you're training the AI to show your advertising only to somebody who is exactly looking for what you offer so you're not wasting time with anybody else.

[504:34] Speaker 1: So yeah,

[504:50] Speaker 4: I mean, all that's very interesting, which which kind of gets me thinking like if we use a, what happened to the original idea about kind of just making coaches for all kinds of things. Now I know we have the problem with you never want to be in the star business. But I mean if these techniques work, and we know the right categories, and we can identify the right people, people who have shown promise but need to be able to market more effectively. I mean, are there scale economics and generalize learnings we could apply to them?

[514:38] Speaker 1: I believe so.

[515:22] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, there were some cons that

[516:36] Speaker 1: sorry, I don't know how to say your name. Ah, okay.

[517:52] Speaker 0: thing look like we can identify a Jeremiah I guess I would go back to you is like, Are there any where would you start? Are there any specific niches there? Need to need some more Trusted Quality niches where you feel like it's growing? There's increasing demand, but and there's a rising sir, kind of like what you're saying her mosey was doing by seeding a couple of early people do you know which one specifically He's seated and anything else? Or which niches in which people we might even start looking at?

[526:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: No I don't you can kind of you can kind of gain a sample of who's like actively running ads in these different niches. And one of the cool things that you can do is you create different social media accounts. On on and you go through like different niches and you see who's advertising in that space. And you could identify who's doing it well and who isn't. And then you could start to talk to the people in those different niches and see what kind of results they're getting. And you can identify those people going through this list. You could create there's a process for identifying specific niches for one and then secondary. Identifying people in those niches you would be looking for here's what I see is the chances of their success is determined on their their personality and effectiveness, communicating on camera, being able to talk extemporaneously without scripting, and they never run out of content. They have way too much information to even share with people and they don't need notes to do so. Find somebody like that, who also possesses some sales skill. You can pretty much turn that person into a star with very little training needed,

[547:57] Speaker 0: that I trust. I trust your pattern recognition to help identify I guess my step one is like what's the most efficient way to build a database of like, you know, the top 2000 coaches across 100 different niches that we can start doing some initial scoring on so that we can

[553:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah, it would be exactly what you saw these different niches that are right here. There's I've never tested this but I have like, like a like a like a blueprint vision of what I would try to do that is you would create different social media profiles and let's just pick any niche on here and fertility coaching. Okay. So you go type that in and find who's doing infertility. You visit all the infertility websites, on like, on like a clean computer that has no pixels, no data, different IP address, and you can load up a social media profiles across the different platforms by exploring content in those areas. You could probably hire somebody to do this where they're doing this per niche and then what you do is you do this for about you could just do it for a day, but you could probably do it for about three days. And click on all that start even taking some of the content that you're finding on other websites and running it through Jasper and posting it as social media content to the person's wall or sharing clips in different niches. And what ended up happening is you'll get advertised by all the leaders in that space.

[572:34] Speaker 1: If they write to Yeah, so

[573:13] Jeremiah Krakowski: you can do that for every one. Of these niches is identify who is spending advertising dollar, who is the leaders in each space, and it would take it would take less than less than a day really, I think at the most three days to identify that in every single niche.

[577:34] Speaker 0: And what are the economics were thinking so you know, we go to a rising coach. You know, what were we thinking? We make an investment. What, what was the typical standard deal that we're able to retain from their forthcoming? Yeah, revenue generated

[583:42] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't know the answer to that because I've never done it before. I was speaking to one of my clients and I said, I actually spoke to two people that I worked with. I said, What would you do if somebody like you knew that they had significant capital they were investing in coaches like you and they gave you a certain investment to grow. You didn't have to pay back the investment beyond a certain profit margin and you got to grow your brand in the process and then keep it after five years or renew the contract. So it's essentially you identify people that would hire an agency instead of saying that say we want our agency to invest our talent and resources in growing you. You don't have to pay for it unless you go past a certain performance level. For this though, it's going to be more of an employment style agreement, maybe a contractor agreement, where we're going to tell you what you need to do in your space. And so you would identify people that would be willing to be sort of turned into a star. That way, the way that an actor or an actress would be turned into a movie star by a film producer. And it has a little bit of an angle of like even QVC and TV marketing to it because they would be people that are comfortable on camera. You need a lot of video content.

[607:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: Now content strategy is a small part of it. You don't need to do content strategy as much as things grow. Content strategy helps you in the beginning prime the pump. It's like phase one that I like to do because then it helps you build audiences to target to get your offers working and to get the marketing working. You're only limited by how quickly you can iterate and test through things. And so that was my original message to Daniel is is that we identified with Rick a new way to do this at a lower cost where you basically create these paid classes that you charge between $7 up to $97 Depending on the ROI that people can expect. So for spiritual coaching, you would do $7 For business you would go 97 for art coaching. Rick is doing 47 That's his price point. And so people are paying for an introductory training to you, but it's crafted in such a perfect way the training is crafted that you're then selling people to purchase a $10,000 program at the end of the 47 What do you get for $10,000? The that's the main coaching program. So what did they get from from Rick and my mom, my mom has one of these as well. They get access to my mom once a week in a private community. They get a private chat channel where they get to ask questions kind of like it's like a private that Rick has a Marco Polo my mom has a telegram and so they can telegram these different stuffs in the stock trader once my mom has 70 people in a private telegram just them talking about stock trading ideas. Of course the group is going to grow and they're all people that are actually making over 20,000 a month. So she's created this collective mastermind in that and she's charging for it and benefiting from it and that aspect. Okay. So the other thing that that Rick Pino is doing, they get again, the coaching, they get a platform to ask questions, they get a Facebook group, and they get him answering their questions about production. He has his partners about the business aspect. He has other coaches mostly about social media and distribution and building a community. So it's like the three three parts of it. You got recording and writing songs producing and publishing, distribution and marketing and for the $10,000 they get that whole package for a year they can finance it up to currently the financing agreement that he was able to get through a company called coach financing was 24 month financing. And we had a 50% increase in people actually joining his coaching program by offering a 24 month term instead of a year term. So they get in the program for a year, but people can finance it for up to two years. And they they they're limiting his financing at 10,000 which is interesting. Also the bank is was really weird when we got on the phone with them, but they're apparently the leader in this space. Like there's a weird company that isn't even very good to work with. That is the leader in the space of coaching financing. And I saw that as a business model that would be very interesting to do to where you're you're creating terms and you're selling 10,000 coaching, dollar coaching packages $20,000 coaching packages $50,000 coaching package, okay, you got $50,000 for one year, you work with us. We do all your marketing, we do all your distribution and you hire a team and that's one client for $50,000. They could finance that out for 36 months and make smaller payments on that. Less than $2,000 a month to be able to basically scale their business in a year by having a proven team and system to do that. That's the model that Alex for Mozi did that actually scaled his business to over $85 million?

[668:41] Speaker 0: super interesting. Can you maybe as a follow up can you send me a couple of the examples of the businesses from Rosie went in? And I think the comparison I want to do is just

[671:37] Speaker 1: yeah his rather than any secret.

[672:33] Speaker 0: Yeah, why wouldn't we just start from scratch, you know? Exactly economics and just hire a great coach who we think can be an employee and you know, pay them. But have it be our independent brands, businesses.

[677:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then you could have a team where you actually sell the team. Here's how I would do it, and I've seen it successfully done by Russ Ruffino and so Russ Rufino he does coaching. I need to I need to like write down the things that I need to send you to let me see. What's up.

[681:56] Speaker 0: I can follow up with that. Don't worry.

[682:17] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, perfect. Yeah, follow up, follow up with me, because I'm like, flowing through some of this stuff. Thank you. The What was the question that you just asked? I mentioned Russ Ruffino. So Russ Rufino has coaches that work with him, but they're not really like the best salespeople. But what he does is he basically sells his business as when you work with us, we're gonna turn you into a six and seven figure coach and I got this team behind me. He's a figurehead and a salesman, but most of his coaches are all the people that work for him. And he built that to a 75 million

[691:13] Speaker 4: word of a coach. They coach on how to make you a coach. That's what

[692:07] Jeremiah Krakowski: he's doing. Yeah. Which is that's the niche that I'm I'm in and I Yeah, clients on demand. Exactly. That's him. I would say that he's probably the closest to I see as like a goal for my own personal business that I would like to do. And yeah, they're they're creating these coaches out of this, but he has the team behind him,

[698:09] Speaker 4: which team do like what's their product?

[699:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: Um, he has like a sales team operations team, but they also do coaching that he has mindset coaches under him right here Facebook ads coaches, sales, copy coaches, enrollment coaches, strategist coaches, administrative sales, social media coordinators, so he has these coaches that are coaching people on all aspects. Instead of hiring five coaches hire our company for 50 million $50 million $50,000. You get access to a team of coaches, and we virtually guarantee the results. That's his business. And you can you can scale that in a number of industries. That health industry, specifically is a really big one. Because a lot of people are wanting alternative health care, and they want to do telehealth on their own instead of working through a company. Instead of doing telehealth through another company, they want to market themselves and take 100% of the profit and build their own virtual practices. That would even be doctors. I actually have a thyroid doctor that I'm working with coaching on that. He's fairly successful on his own. The hardest challenge I've had with him is when I coach people that I'm at the mercy of if they choose to actually do what I tell them to do or not. And I haven't heard from him in about a month and I followed up and so he usually it he'll come back around in a month and say hey, I had a bunch going on. Well, he said that last time. So now I'm going to have to have maybe a more stern conversation about is this what you want to do or not and is this working out? So that as a coach, we have to lead people to that we have to lead people and hold them accountable and learning to do that not a lot of beginner coaches know how to hold people accountable correctly, and that's why they don't produce results.

[729:06] Speaker 0: Make sense? I do have to jump the February mark. We're actually speaking to an assistant treasurer over at Procter and Gamble for the sale leaseback idea. So, we'll share some learnings from that, but this has been super helpful, Jeremiah, I'll follow up with a couple of notes that we're able to get from you. I think maybe as a next step, we'll start populating a short list of that. Coaches across different each niches with some attributes that we can start scoring against. And then I just want to lay out what the economics here would look like. Like can this actually get big enough where we can get excited? Maybe lay out the two the two approaches. It sounds like we got most like building from scratch, which I think is the right way to do it is building our own brands and and hiring a coach on salary and then approach to which seems like more like investing or providing financing to grow and coaching businesses.

[749:49] Jeremiah Krakowski: So I got 60 seconds for another thought or No,

[750:30] Speaker 1: no, please go for it. Okay.

[751:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think that there's potential as well in that space, especially if you hired them to take a model like we've seen in the in the mental health industry where you have like BetterHelp as or talkspace to where people could essentially sign up to a platform like that and have access to different people. That will be more of like, again, like a SAS slash practice type of a play. But you could you could essentially find a few of those platforms and and I'm sure that there's going to, there's mental health app roll ups that are going on right now. So that would be it would transition.

[762:11] Speaker 4: Yeah, it looks like there are there's Yeah, I used to plan. There are some people doing that. I don't know how well they're doing it. But

[763:36] Jeremiah Krakowski: yeah. And then the other thing that I was thinking was is you could also do an auditioning approach, where you have something like America's Got Talent or American Idol where people could actually audition to hat to receive an investment.

[767:36] Speaker 1: Right, right. And create our team and around that.

[768:34] Speaker 0: Yep, totally more of a nuance on how to go about it. Yeah. Yeah. So let us let us go away. We'll follow up for some times and I'd love to get over from you and then we can circle back in a couple days.

[772:31] Speaker 1: Okay. Sounds good.

[773:00] Speaker 4: All right. Terrific. Okay,

