Day 4_ Build Your 6 Figure Coaching Business - 5 Day Intensive!
Date: 2022-08-19T14:56:00.000Z
Duration: 77 min
Otter ID: HOt64uWgmnUWWPeyw_XeWKAzmhk
---

[75:24] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, what's up everybody? What's up? What's up? What's up? Welcome, welcome, welcome. I am excited to be here with you. I'm excited to be here with you who's excited to be here with me.

[80:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: I pumped that music up. I used to DJ music like this and dubstep. I used to have the turntables. That's awesome. All right. Yeah, I used to DJ with turntables and we would get down and I would I would mix and we did Dubstep and house music. And I mean, we'd have hundreds of people in the nightclubs. This was, like 12 years ago, in Austin, Texas. Down on Sixth Street, we would we would throw down we were, we were known around Sixth Street back in the day, back when like Skrillex was just coming up and all that we were at all the shows and stuff and, and kind of a lot of my friends, they would open for the big act, they would open for Skrillex and Zeds dead and all the big dubstep acts which is really cool. And we used to go party with them afterward and stuff. So I still got in my heart. I still got that that house music that dubstep music type thing I love. I love that, that party vibe. So anyways, you guys want to know how to make money. That's why you're here. I'm telling you this DJ and doesn't make your money. And I learned that because I realized that the most wealthy DJs only made a few million dollars and can make a whole lot more money coaching. That's why I gave up some of my DJ dreams. But I still sometimes I got these. Okay, I got it. I gotta tell you this before we start. Since y'all been with me for a few days, I know that I'm not gonna lose anybody if I actually share this virtual reality. DJ set. Okay, so check this out. I actually have an app in my VR headset, called tribe XR. And it is a VR it gives you the turntables, the same turntables as if you're a DJ, but you're in VR with the headset, and you can still mix it. So sometimes I still will load up some of my favorite songs and, and play in there and kind of pretend a little bit, maybe one of these days, I'll have to stream it on. See it kind of looks like this. I might have to stream it live someday. So that's the closest thing that I get to it is virtual reality. DJing where I'm in VR, and but it works. It works. It actually sounds legit, feels legit, your use your hands in VR and move the turntables. It's really an incredible experience. So that was for free. I know you guys didn't didn't expect to come here and hear about DJing and virtual reality. But you know, I mean, that's the thing. You know, the metaverse and virtual reality, I think is the future. I think that VR really is where, where things are headed right now. It's kind of quirky. But some games, you know, golf, I play table tennis on it all the time, the little Star Wars game, DJ app, flight simulator. Those are fun. They're really fun in VR. And I think the internet is going to move to more of a VR augmented reality world. And so don't get afraid by technology technology is yes, it can be daunting, especially if you're not used to using technology. But you only usually need to learn a few simple tools and when it comes to coaching, when it comes to building a coaching business. You don't need to be an expert on all the technology to make money. You just need to know a few basic simple stuff. That's why I say like Squarespace. I love Squarespace. Because if you can use Microsoft Word, you can use Squarespace. And that's what I show you how to do. In my course website building made easy so I have I have all these different courses over on my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com. You can check out I got my tic tock ads course transformational coaching made simple social media content creation easy course Creation Blueprint irresistible offers that sell social media ads that work website building, even offer copy and funnel audit. This is actually an audit where I can audit your copy and your funnel, which I give you for free. I give you all my courses that give you all my group coaching and the offer, copy, funnel and audit for brand new one on one coaching clients.

[148:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can find those all on my website. But I mentioned last night before the end that I'm actually making this crazy offer. Before the end of this, it expires next week. So I have a group coaching program called Client growth accelerator. And I mentioned you know this training is it's marketing for people that will engage with me and jump into the group coaching program. And so I'm actually going to close the doors to enrollment, the doors closed Tuesday, August 23. And so, for those of you that were on this five day intensive I'm going to actually give you some fast start bonuses that nobody else is gonna get after this plus discount enrollment and you can try the whole program for 30 days. As risk free, make money as long as you register before the doors close on Tuesday, August 23. Okay, and so what does that give you? Well, that gives you all of my courses. Plus all of the new courses that I'm coming up with, on copywriting email marketing, a brand new Facebook ads Instagram ads course, I even came up I have like three more courses in mind that I want to create, as well. I'm systematizing I'm actually hiring a video editor. So I can start to crank out courses faster. So you guys might literally be able to get like two courses a month. For me that's my goal is to crank out two courses a month to the people in the program. I think it'd be awesome. That way, there's so much content. It's kind of like the Netflix of coaching and training and people that you want to know how to grow in your business. So the interaction you can also get live coaching calls with me. They happen on Mondays, where we have a group you hop on live and listen, even if you don't hop on every call, you can watch the recordings. And you can hop on even just once a month to get your questions answered and it's worth the entire program. It really will be live weekly trainings, I'm posting pop up trainings, daily interactions in the group I comment back in the group all the time. All of my courses all the future courses I come out with hotseat copy and add rewrites are actually helping people rewrite their copy in the group and their offers exclusive private content vault those you are wondering how do you get the recordings to these five days, I'm actually going to give you the recordings to all of the events that I do like this, that are free as part of the program. So you get the recordings to these five days as being part of the program, hands on lessons learning platform, plus the fast start bonuses,

[188:20] Jeremiah Krakowski: you get the Quickstart training call on Wednesday, August 24. Watch the recording of it from seven to 9pm. To help you get up to speed quickly directing you through the program to help you get the most out of it. It's called the HOV Fastlane. Also, you're gonna get the million dollar offer creation mastery web training, this is an exclusive training up on anywhere else with myself and my client, Rick Pino who's doing over a million dollars a month with his coaching on how to build out and create your perfect offer. And there's stuff that we're sharing in this, I can't wait till you have this. That is nowhere else, he actually joined a High Level Mastermind and invested over $150,000 A year into it and is going to teach you some of that information that you can only get if you invest $150,000, we're actually going to bring that to you here into this plus you get two free tickets for you and a friend, you can literally just share the link with them the login link for funnels and offer copy live, this is going to actually be kind of an all day event that I'm doing Saturday, August 27, this next Saturday, and you get the recordings to it as well. 11am to 5pm. Eastern, basically, I'm going to be online, we're gonna take breaks in between, but I'm going to work with you in an immersive, repeated implementation and mastery driven environment. To help you create effective funnels and offer copy, we can do copyrights on it, we can help you come up with what's highly converting the right way to do your funnels, so that you can finally create a funnel and copy that works. And that's totally free. You only get those bonuses if you register before midnight, Tuesday, August 23, you got five days to jump into that. Don't wait, this is early founder pricing, take 80% off the regular price of coaching with me and get grandfathered in at this rate, this rate will not be the same rate when I opened the doors to this again. And I don't know when that is. If you don't register before then you can get on a waiting list for when I eventually do open the doors again. But I kind of want to keep the I want to keep this exclusive. I want to keep this specifically for the people that make the decision to jump in this week. And some of the people that have jumped in right now. So far, I think we have like 70 members in there. And so it's gonna be less than 100 people in the program. If you jump in, you're going to get very hands on a lot of attention on what you need high value and you don't have to spend $10,000 to get it. You don't have to spend 175 a month, it's just $1,997 a year and you get grandfathered in at that rate every year. So even if the price goes up, you're not gonna have to pay more than that. You can cancel at any time. Basically what you're doing is you're committing to jump in, though for a year. And I'm offering 0% interest funding for everybody in here to where I'm not going to charge more for you to pay monthly. Okay, so you can split this up into 12 payments. Like I said, even if you jump in once a month, having access to me, is going to be invaluable to you. And it's only $166 a month for 12 months. And you can it'll either renew after a year or you can cancel write me. Let me know Plus, I'm giving You have a 30 day money back guarantee. So even if you're not sure about it, just jump in for 30 days and see about it right me, I'm telling you, I have the easiest return policy. So my commitment to you, I'm not going to try to upsell you, convince you get you in to stay and things like that. If you do leave, I'd like to know, at least like, you know, what wasn't in the program? What were you expecting? How

[246:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: could it have been better? But I'll ask you those simple questions. You don't have to answer them. But I will ask you those, when you ask for your money back, because I want to improve the program. You know, I want to make it better for people and so, but I want to remove the risk from you from registering. So I'm putting my own money behind this, you have 30 days risk free to try it out, go through the program, jump on all the calls, learn everything, you can literally take all the courses, and then write me within the first 30 days get your money back, and there's no obligation. All right, so that's over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Forward slash accelerator for those of you that are not currently in the program, I believe that this is going to be one of the best opportunities for you to get results as a coach, as a trainer, as a mentor, as a course creator, as somebody who wants to take this business seriously, I believe that this is your best chance at success, the very best chance really, that you have right now. And truthfully, we can wait so often to take action. I see people do this all the time. They say okay, I want to build my business. And then they wait five years to take action or five months to take action. They come up with reasons why right now is not the right time, the truth is, it's never really going to be the perfect time for you. And so by committing to take action and jump into a program like this, you end up sort of putting your money where your mouth is, it's kind of like you're making a bet against yourself that you need to make back at least the investment, at least otter and 66 bucks a month with the training and I truly believe you will make plenty more than that being in there. Otherwise, I wouldn't put this program together. My commitment to you is to help create results. And that's what I want to do. And I want this to be the number one coaching program on the planet Earth. For coaches, trainers, authors and mentors. We just launched it last month. So that's why the members it's not like there's 1000s of members, but I promise you there will be 1000s of members. There absolutely will be that's what I'm on a mission to do. And I want to create over 1000 millionaire coaches. I was listening to John Maxwell and he has actually created 1000s of millionaire companies. And so I'm like, okay, Russell Brunson. He's created 1000s of millionaires with Click Funnels, I want to help take coaches that have integrity, that don't want to sell in a slimy, slick, sleazy way that actually produce results that actually help people that actually get results that actually are changing the world, do something and I want to help 1000 of them do so here's the thing. If I can help 1000 people, coaches make a million dollars, and they're helping 1000 People help 1000 people, I have positively impacted 1/8 of the entire planet's population. And that's my goal. If you impact 1000 People who impact 1000, who impact 1000 That equals an impact one person myself helping 1/8 of the world's population. And you can do that as well. You can impact I truly believe that coaches change the world. Coaches can have a reach where they actually change at least 1000 lives if you change the lives of 1000 people. You are changing the planet in such a powerful way. Like it's not like it's not silly, like the idea of Oh, I could change the planet. Like it seems kind of grandiose. For most people in this industry. It's a reality. I've seen it be a reality. I know people that have changed. My mom is one of them. Rapinoe is one of them. Danny Johnson is one of them. That have changed the lives of 10s of 1000s of people, coaches change lives, trainers change lives, authors change lives, course creators change lives. It's not grandiose, it's not narcissistic. It's not it's a reality. So this is one of the best vehicles to be able to change lives. But that's how I'm we're gonna go into the training on this. How do you find those people to change the lives of right we talked about? You have Okay, you got your niche right here. This is like out there in the ether the people the niche. Okay, let me let me pull the screen up bigger. You got your niche out here. You got your offer right here. This is your this is your offer. Okay. But how do you find the people that are in this niche to show them your offer? Okay, and then you have what's for sale? What's for sale? So for example, this training right here, um, 400 people registered for it the, the Build Your Own six figure coaching business training.

[325:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so I so 400 people signed up for this on my website right here these five days. And so this was an offer to people for free to jump into a training with me, but then I'm making an offer to everybody who's on it. And so my offer that I'm charging for is the client growth accelerator. Okay. Like I said, it fits in $2,000, the price range. If I charged more than that, by the way, we've tested this, the amount of people who sign up with drop dramatically. So I made an offer out there to people in my niche with this free training right here to sign up for the client growth accelerator. My, my client, Rick, he'll make an offer out there for he's actually running an offer right now, launch your worship music five day live challenge with bonus eight module school, I mean, people are getting the literally they can become a professional recording artist, and win a Grammy off of the information that they're getting for 47 bucks, it's incredible. And so this is a low cost offer, it's not free. But it's still it's a five day event. And then in that he's making an offer to people for $12.5 thousand to actually work with him that breaks down to about $1,000 a month that people have to pay to work with him in a group setting. And there's a few 100 people in there that are doing that. And they're having their lives changed my mom an offer. Okay, so you guys understand what an offer is? Right? You usually have two offers, you'll have the initial offer that nurtures people. So for instance, my mom has her stocks bootcamp, this is free. It's a two hour training about stocks. By the way, if you're interested in trading stocks, I would highly recommend this. Just a little plug for my mom here, I learned from her. And my portfolio has gone up 50, almost 70% in the last 35 days. So I mean, it's it's good information, it really is. So this is a free training right here. And then she makes an offer to people to jump into her paid program for 177 bucks a month. So you see what I'm saying. So we so we run an offer to the niche. And you usually will have a a free or low cost. Let me move my microphone back over here. So you guys can hear it better. A free or low cost offer that then and a delivery, you want to deliver a lot of value. How many of you know I've been delivering a ton of value during these five days. Like these five days have not been a sales pitch, I'd probably have sold you for maybe 15 to 20 minutes of the whole time. And I've just mentioned what I have. So you want to deliver a lot of value of what your niche actually wants, what they're begging you for what people want. And you can do research, you can use Jasper AI to do some of the research. You can jump into Facebook groups in your niche to do the research. You can ask people that are in the niche, you get a feedback loop going where people will actually tell you what you want. And then you just create offers that literally just give the marketplace what they want to your niche. And then you have a paid offer right here. And the paid offer can range from 1000 sometimes if you're not feeling confident at 1000 I tell people to try out 297 Because 297 Especially if you offer a payment plan of like 127 a month is very easy to sell to people in a webinar, especially if it's a lot of training. If you're not feeling confident selling $1,000 Try your hand at selling $300 products. Honestly though, y'all can literally charge 1000 bucks for the $300 product. This is more just if you're not confident if you are competent and selling, don't undervalue yourself and sell it for 1000 to 2000. If it's a free offer, if you're if it's a free offer right here. If it's a low cost offer, you can go as high as five To 15,000, I haven't tested it, but even up to 25,000, I know people are going up to 25,000.

[402:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: I haven't personally tested 25,000. But we've done between five and 15,000. For low cost offers. So that's what you're charging people for. And you're building trust with them with your offer. The people that you found in the niche, you're building trust with them, you're demonstrating value, and you're showing people what it's like to work with you, you're you're showing them an experience, you're giving people an experience, whether it be a webinar, or whether it be in a master class. I've seen people do the master class model, you just pre record five sessions. If you don't feel confident, doing like three to five days live, just record three to five videos, and sell them as module one, module two, module three, module four. And I break that down in my course virtual event playbook that's included with the client growth accelerator, what to say exactly on each of those days, each of those modules, you can literally do a five module masterclass. And it's the same content. I'm going to take all of the content from this masterclass, and I'm currently writing a book, these five days, I'm going to turn it into a book, publish it on Amazon, to generate leads for my client growth accelerator, using Jasper and the transcripts. Easy. Okay. And so what you're able to do is, is you're able to build trust with those people and sell them whatever it is that you have to offer. So how do you actually find those people? How do you find them? Especially if you don't have a follow up, especially if nobody knows who you are? Especially if nobody's heard of you? How do you go from virtually unknown, completely unknown, and that was my mom, when she started. Nobody knew her in this industry at all. There's a couple of ways to do it. But it ultimately hinges on platforms. Okay, so a platform or a stage virtual stages. So, so a stage is you can either be on somebody else's platform, or you create your own platform. And then here's the thing. So Facebook, Instagram and Tiktok are platforms. Tick tock is owned by the Chinese government. I know there's other owners of it, but you know, joking, right? But not really. So I'm able to go on tick tock and find the people that are in my niche. I'm able to go on Facebook and find the people that are in my niche. Or, here's another one. Virtual stages is another thing. I'm able to go on other people's platforms. Sandy Krakowski is platform, my mom's find people in my niche. Rick pinos platform, find people in my niche, Joshua Giles platform, to where I've been where I've partnered with them as a speaker through relationship, and I'm able to bring value to their customers. And then a small percentage of their customers come on over and become my customers. So those are really two ways to do this a third way that you could do it, you can also do YouTube. I'm not. I'm not very experienced with YouTube marketing. I'll just be super honest with you. I'm more understand Facebook, Tiktok and Instagram. But I have a ton of videos on YouTube, and I'm getting better at it. I'm getting better at it with YouTube, you need to at least have thumbnails. It's almost a requirement. As soon as I did thumbnails, like my YouTube got 10 times better. And you can do YouTube ads. I haven't ran YouTube ads before. Like I said, I don't know much about YouTube. I really don't I know about social media. communicating with people through social media platforms. You can go on YouTube. You can also go on Google. Okay, which is also Google owns YouTube, which is S E O strategy

[475:51] Jeremiah Krakowski: to where people are on the platform on the search engines. And they're finding you through search. Again, I'm not an expert in SEO strategy. I don't do SEO very much. I get about it. 20 visitors to my website every day off of an SEO article on scheduling tick tock posts and that's about it. But then I retarget those people through my social media platforms, through tick tock through Instagram through Facebook, I'm able to retarget those people who visited my website that way. So all this to say, you're going to use platforms, whether it be Google SEO, which I don't teach, but you can learn it. There's a lot of great SEO people out there. But I don't teach it but it is a way to do it YouTube. One of the best guys for YouTube is Derral Eve's he's the guy behind Mr. Beast. I'm gonna I'm literally just gonna give you like the end he also is the producer of the chosen. Check out Derral Eve's if you want to look up a YouTube strategy. His book. YouTube formula is incredible. If you want to like learn the game on YouTube. His book is packed full of like information, right? Yeah, Pinterest is a platform as well. Again, I don't know much about Pinterest. If you want to learn Pinterest, she was actually a client of my mom nice for years. I know I think Jennifer allwood. might still have a Pinterest class. I'm not sure about that. If she does or not. I think she's focusing now on building your business. So yeah, so she doesn't do Pinterest. Exactly. Another one would be who would it be chair? Gold Digger podcast. She does a lot of Pinterest stuff Jenna Kutcher. So Jenna Kutcher has courses on I believe she has a Instagram lab and a Pinterest lab. Yeah, right here. So again, there's a lot of great people out there. They teach and they build multimillion dollar businesses Jen allwood. Jenna Kutcher, on these different topics. I don't know much about Pinterest. But Pinterest is a platform that you can use as well. Any of the social media platforms you can use. Or you can get on somebody else's stage. Now, what I have found is that these are my favorites right here. And if you work with me, these are the ones that I'll teach you how to do is how to and mostly social media is how to utilize social media to find people in your niche. So there's two ways to do this. And these are, and these are the ways that we did for Joshua, for all of my clients that I work with Rick, my mom, it's all through social media. So you have two forms of social media traffic, you have organic. And you have paid. Okay? So organic, is where you're creating content. And the algorithm notices that a lot of people are interested in your content. And they push it out to people for free, and give you free traffic based on your content. And so then what you do is you when you have your offer built, you send people from tick tock from Instagram, from Facebook, to your offers from your free content. YouTube works the same way. And so that's how you attract customers. That's a bit of a grind, and is a lot slower, and less predictable than paid traffic. And what I teach people how to do is how to do it on less than five to $10 a day, where you actually train the algorithm to find your target customer for you using Facebook ads, Instagram ads, tick tock ads, and how to not get banned how to have your ads approved, even in banned categories.

[545:38] Jeremiah Krakowski: The only category I haven't done is like weed sales, and sex like sex toys and stuff. There's certain cat and like, like cigarettes and drugs and alcohol. I haven't done anything in those categories. But specifically, if you're a coach, if you're a trainer, there are 1000s of ways to reach people with your message. Even if you've tried to run paid ads and they've said oh, you can't do that you're banned. There's ways around that just by how you mentioned your messaging, and how you nurture it. And so what we do is we do the research using Jasper on who is our target customer. What do they want? Remember we went through those those ideas we went through those those questions in the perfect offer strategy right here Who is the customer? What problem do they have? what solution do you offer? And you actually end up scripting a video, you record a video of yourself on your phone, and you direct people to your offer you tell them. So my video when I ran this training and some of you saw the video that I was running on social media that was directing people to this training was literally me saying this. Have you ever wondered what it takes to build a successful coaching business? My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. And for the last 19 years, I've been helping coaches, trainers, authors mentor scale their businesses to seven and eight figures. And I want to show you how you can do the same. I'm putting together a free five day event where I'm going to walk you through everything step by step from A to Z of what it takes to build your own six figure coaching business. So click the link register now. And I'll see you there. And that was my script. Now I came up with five or six other scripts. But that exact script across five other campaigns that I've ran has gotten me the lowest cost for advertising. And so we're able to test out and get the lowest cost for advertising. And so this is exactly how we've attracted 1000s of clients. For myself for my mom for Joshua for Rick Pino. This is how Don is doing it. This is how Jennifer allwood did it this is how people are growing their coaching businesses is by being able to put offers out there and create advertising campaigns that are extremely low cost that produce results. Okay, so the goal is to not lose money. If you're losing money running paid ads, your messaging is off. It's that simple. It's that simple. An example of this is the offer that we did with Rick Pino. Notice it says launch your worship music, not launch your Christian music and not launched your music. The domain name has actually launched your music now which by the way, a lot of you are overthinking your domain names and thinking they need to be perfect. This is not the perfect domain name. But we've been using it for a year and a half and it's generated a million dollars, it's fine. You can use any domain name you want. It doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things. But what we found is that when we specifically use the word worship, and not Christian, or took the word worship away, the cost of the advertising was 80% less, and the results were that much greater. He was losing money the other way, as soon as we added the word worship, the algorithm started showing the ads to different people. And so by the words that you write, by the words that you say, By strategically speaking to the exact target customer, and we're using Jasper AI to do this, for all of our clients, we're recommending all of our clients use Jasper AI, you're able to control the algorithm of who it actually shows your ads to, you're able to essentially dive in and say, okay, only show my ads to these people based off of that. And it's very simple and very easy to do that we use what's called look alike audiences look alike audiences are artificial intelligence audiences based off of who is engaging with our content, who is visiting our website, and who is watching our content. So how do we target that? By running campaigns like this?

[623:19] Jeremiah Krakowski: Everybody who visits my website, who checks out my group coaching, who checks out free offers like this. They are pixeled through Facebook, and tick tock but also if they have their privacy settings turned off, there's still a way to get around it. Because if they saw my video on Facebook and tick tock See, a lot of people are complaining that you can't mark it certain categories like Christian content and stuff like that. I've heard these lies that are out there that you can't mark it that I'm sorry, but I'm not seeing that to be true. Because what we're able to do is we're able to take the engagement on the platforms, which by the way, if you're using the engagement on the platforms, the privacy policies on Apple and Android cannot block this. We take the engagement from the platform and we're able to show just the people who in gauged and continuously watched our videos based on the algorithm, it will build an an an audience profile of up to 10 million people who are similar to those people who most engaged with our ads. And then it only shows our ads to those people. And so that's how you bring your cost of your ads down. This is why I said you need to assume that you're talking to the right person in your marketing, instead of tiptoeing around trying to honor everybody and do the third agreement of not making assumptions, bias assuming that you're talking to the right person, you train and control the algorithm to bring your cost of ads down to where you're not losing money and can actually generate a profit. And then you send that traffic to your offer. And you nurture the sale, and we're going to talk about that tomorrow, how do you nurture a sale? How do you get people once they're on your offer, right? This is where a lot of people lose money. And a lot of people make a lot of money. So if I'm showing this offer to the right people, if I'm showing this page to the right people, and they're getting pixeled, or they're engaging with my video through my Facebook page, or my tic tock okay. How do I know that what I'm actually going to say during these five days? Or how did my mom know that what she says in the stocks boot camp right here during these two hours in this training right here, that it would actually get people to buy from her. That's what we're going to talk about tomorrow. We're going to talk about that. How do you actually get a sale? Okay? Most people, this is where they mess it. Because we're used to communicating. I'm gonna give you a little bit of a preview of this. Most people are communicating in a way especially coaches and trainers. When they're coaching, they're communicating in a way that is not conducive, not successful to selling. And they have a very bad taste in their mouth about sales. And they've also never been trained in it. A lot of people throw up their hands and say, Well, that's easy for Sandy Krakowskie. That's easy. For Pino, that's easy for a Don Palacios that's easy for a gentle wood. That's easy for Jeremiah Krakowski to get sales. But when I ran my offer nobody bought from me. It's a skill set that you can learn. It's a very learnable skill set. What you do is you learn how to connect how to communicate with people? And how do you influence people's decision making process without being manipulative without being slimy without being sleazy. without them feeling like they're being taken advantage of without them feeling like you've bait and switch them or you've or you've not delivered on the promises that you told them that you would make?

[694:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: How do you do that there's a strategic set of words of communicating with people, your people skills that you do have to grow in. And so if you want to actually build a six figure, or seven figure business, a lot of people that I talked to, they say, Well, I'm not comfortable talking to people. I'm not comfortable communicating on camera. That's an area that we have to ask ourselves, okay, well, why am I not comfortable doing that? Why am I not comfortable making a video and I get this, here's the thing we're in, in the age of the me to movement. And where it is, it is not considered a good healthy thing to force people to do what they're uncomfortable with. And that if you're not comfortable doing something, it's great, you can just go lay on the couch, and nobody has to do it. And I agree with that. That really you don't have to force yourself to do anything. That if something makes you feel uncomfortable, especially if you're in a situation with a man or a woman and you're not comfortable like saying no is an important thing. I think that that's very important. When it comes to this stuff in business, it's different. You have to do what makes you feel uncomfortable to actually get results. You have to train yourself to do what is uncomfortable what doesn't come naturally to you to get results and I'm not talking about any slimy sleazy, crappy abusive stuff either. So I know that there's every time I do a broadcast like this, there's like one person All that thinks that I'm a proponent of abusive, gaslighting manipulative behavior I'm not. Usually that comes from our own trauma, our own feelings. How many of you have been around a slimy salesperson? How many of you been around a manipulative salesperson? How many of you have been in a sales situation where you felt uncomfortable? I don't want you to do that. That's not ethical. That's not right. In fact, I'm on a mission to end that type of sales. Nobody wants it, nobody likes it. Nobody likes being forced into something that they don't want to do. They just don't. And it's not effective. If you have to force somebody into it, you got to force them to take the next step, and the next step and the next step. And it's not an effective form of leadership. But if you can learn to actually build trust with people, attract the right people through the social media platforms that actually want what you offer, if you were offering piano coaching, to people that are actually looking for piano coaching. You don't have to convince them to buy from you. You don't have to convince them of your value, what you do have to do is work on what's going on between your two years. That's why we talked about the first two days about mindset. If you don't believe that you have value, nobody's gonna buy from you. If you believe that people are not going to buy from you, nobody's going to buy it from you. Because that, that emotion and that feeling that resonance, you're going to come across as a non trustworthy person, simply by not believing in yourself. There's a there's a book that I actually read on this topic, by Malcolm Gladwell, it really was a powerful, powerful book called talking to strangers. I thought it was really an incredible read. About so talking to strangers about what we should know about the people we don't know. And I used to have situations where I truly believe that I'm someone who operates in integrity, that does the best that has everybody's best interest in mind. And yet, I had people accusing me of ill motives. And I read this book, and I realized why all of us as human beings are judgmental. We're judgmental of people as much as we don't want to be. And I would encourage you to learn to unwire your own like judgmental Ness as much as you can to people. But the end of the day, we're all judgmental, we all are. And so by being aware of how people judge us, in certain situations, we're able to position ourselves talk with a certain energy, a certain cadence that builds trust with people, and that shows that we believe in ourselves. Now, unfortunately, psychopaths and narcissists and tyrants at Adolf Hitler as an example, in this, Adolf Hitler had the perfect charisma that convinced people to kill others.

[771:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so, this is a moral, there's nothing good or bad about this. Again, I know some people if you've been in an abusive situation with an abuser that has done this to you, you may consider this a bad thing to do is changing your cadence, changing your tone in a way that builds trust with people. If your heart and your motive are in a good place, and you are operating out of integrity, it's not a bad thing, to be able to learn like an actor does, to have the right energy that comes across in each situation with how you communicate and how you connect with people. And so by doing that, you can learn to do this. There's actually some great books on this topic. Never split the difference. by Chris Voss negotiating like your life depended upon it. An FBI hostage negotiator shows you field tested approach to high stakes negotiations, whether it be in the boardroom or at home, talks about how to communicate in a way that is powerful, from how he did it face to face with the world's worst criminals. Another great book, Crucial Conversations by the way, I recommend all of these to my clients. Crucial Conversations tools for talking when the stakes are high. These books taught me how to talk in that way. Because I was not somebody I would come across and people wouldn't trust me because of my own fear and lack of self esteem and trauma. And these books combined with working with a therapist to start to believe in myself have transformed my business. They really have crucial conversations and incredible book. Not nice by Dr. Aziz. How to stop people pleasing, staying silent, feeling guilty and start speaking up saying no asking boldly and unapologetically being yourself. These are all powerful books about how to start communicating in a way that effectively connects with people and other you know, another great one that I recommend is everybody communicates few connect by John Maxwell, what most effective people do differently. If you read one book on this list, checkout, everyone communicates few connect by John Maxwell, this is how leaders connect, how to find common ground, how to keep your communication simple, how to capture people's interest, how to create an experience, everybody enjoys, how to stay authentic, and all your relationships. If you can do that, if you can do those five things, and he breaks down those five principles and practices. In his book, you're able to build trust with people, and sell anything without being slimy or sleazy or using tactics that manipulate people. Because you're coming from an authentic place of genuinely wanting to help people. And if somebody says, hey, it's not a good fit, you're also not attached to the outcome. And that's one of the greatest lessons that I learned is to become detached from outcomes. Have hope for the best in every situation. Except expect the best. I expect when I do a training like this, that everybody's going to jump into my client growth accelerator. That's what I expect everybody is going to jump in. Now the reality is only a certain percentage will. And so I accept whatever the outcome is, instead of being disappointed by how it works out and letting my own mental health feelings and focus change based on how things go. I'm able to take complete control of the situation, analyze the data, and do better next time. Like I said, Shawn white. I think I mentioned this actually on the VIP. I learned this from Shaun White, the snowboarder, the Olympic snowboarder Shaun White says that he only has two modes that he can operate in, he can either win a gold medal, or learn from every situation, that failure doesn't exist for him. And that's what I would encourage you to do is no longer look at when things fail. See them as education, when things don't work out, start to change your framework on how you see failure when you run a paid ads campaign. And it doesn't produce the results that you expected. See that as a lesson, I have ran more failed campaigns that I have positive ones, literally,

[847:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: because we're testing and usually when with the methodology that I teach you, a failed campaign usually breaks even right, we spent $1,000, we made $1,000. Okay, we've technically spent and made zero, we hardly ever have campaigns that lose money. When we do we learn big time, okay, don't do that. Again. If you have a campaign that lost you money, more than 10% of your ad spend, don't do that, again. Sometimes you have to do with a loss leader approach like grocery stores do that you know that a lot of grocery stores lose money on chicken to get people into the door because they know that people are going to spend money on chicken, my wife goes to the grocery store, I go to the grocery store, or we have heb deliver, it's only like five bucks to deliver. So why not? We have heb delivered to us chicken. But then we also add other stuff at a profit margin at the grocery store makes money on. And so sometimes you have to have what's called a loss leader in your marketing. When I run a campaign like this, I expect it to be a slight loss leader. And then we make money on the back end with people who become clients. When we ran the campaign with with Rick for this launch your worship music, it was a loss leader it was costing $500 to generate a $47 sale $500 generated $47 sale, but 20% of those people ended up signing up and paying $12,000 Okay, so that means one in five of them paid $12,000. So if you do the math on that 500 times five, one in five people, it was costing him $2,500 to generate a $12,000 sale, a $10,000 profit using the paid ads. So sometimes you got to do that you have a loss leader but you would do that. Only when you have the date. out really dialed in. Initially, your goal is okay, I just want to break even on this, I just want to break even to test that at least there's a demand for what I'm putting out there. If nobody signs up for what you put out there, okay, we did a campaign with a client, it was about Torah teaching for Christians learn the Jewish Bible, the way that Jesus learned it, it did not do very well. Because nobody was really that interested in it. You know, it just wasn't profitable. It wasn't. And so we ended up giving it to a ministry, that they now have it as part of their ministry, where they they're kind of combining this library of Torah teachings with Christian teaching and stuff like that. And it's, and it's written from a perspective of a Jewish leader that's helping people understand the first five books of the Bible, it's actually pretty cool training, I learned a whole lot from it. I've studied the New Testament for a long time and understood New Testament theology, I was really cool to actually learn the Torah, from somebody that knows it really well and could draw parallels to the New Testament, I was like, helped me grow on my feet. I thought it was pretty cool. But nobody wanted it, nobody bought it. It wasn't, it wasn't a marketable product. It was not, there weren't very many people that wanted to pay for that. Okay. And so sometimes what you're putting out there, and you're trying to charge money for it, there may not be an exact market for that. But what there is a market for is only 15% away from it. So keep that in mind, don't get disappointed when you run a campaign, it doesn't produce results, it doesn't produce sales, you get very upset or things don't work out, they don't go how you wanted them to. That's part of the process of testing, testing things out, you're going to test out your language, you're going to take your offer, you're going to take the feedback that you get from people, right, when you guys signed up for this training. I had those questions of what is your biggest problem? What's your biggest frustration that you want to learn

[911:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: that you want to learn about? And so now I'm going to filter that through my offer and the data that I know over the last couple of years in this niche. And I'm going to tweak my offer about 5% To do that, and I guarantee you that 5% tweak is going to reduce my ad spend and increase my sales the next time because that is what is what's happened every single time that we've done this. And then you get to the point where it is just so ridiculously profitable, that you just keep running the same play over and over again. So that's where we that's where we've hit with, with like Rick Pitino stuff and even with Joshua's stuff. And even with my mom's stuff, we've realized, okay, this is so profitable, we keep running the same deal over and over again and just growing until we find that we're not getting any new customers. And then you add that next level, that $10,000 program, okay, that $100,000 program or pivot into another industry like my mom did, when she maxed out social media influence, and social media advertising and then pivoted into stocks. Okay, I hope everybody's grabbing what I'm throwing down here. This is like deep level game on what it actually takes to get clients, to get customers to get people to buy from you to attract people. And so remember, you'll find people for your offers on platforms, other people's platforms, Mark Zuckerberg owns Facebook, tick tock, Instagram, or other people that you have connections with. And then what you'll do is you'll find as many people that are looking for whatever your offer is in that niche, and you will make offers to them to say, Hey, I'm doing a training about this, I'm doing a free training, or I'm doing a $47 training on how to build your own six figure coaching business on how to take your worship songs and get them out there on how to build sustainable generational wealth with your family, through the stock market on how to build your own kingdom business on how to grow a Pinterest business on how to be amazing at playing piano and playing pop songs on how to turn your hobby for sewing into a business. So you see what I'm saying. So you want to do is you want to you want to communicate and assume that you're talking to the people that actually want those things. And the algorithms on the social media platforms, when you put just a little bit of money behind them will end up doing that. Now how do you know when to scale and increase the budget, right? I mentioned five to $10 a day. We are not spending five to $10 a day once a campaign is successful. This is where you scale. Okay. Scaling is where you say okay, I'm gonna test out $500 a day. So I did $500 a day for this campaign, because I knew that I was in a scalable market. And I did that for a whole week. 500 bucks a day. Well, we're running Campaign for Joshua for Rick. Right now we're wondering running one for Rick $2,000 A day in ad spend, for Joshua $1,000 A day in ad spend. Because we've tested we know the data, we know how it produces results. And so then you're able to scale it. Now you don't want to scale it so much, that's not going to work. This is all incremental. Once you scale it incrementally, and you say, Okay, if this doesn't work out, at least, we only lose XYZ amount of money. And you do so you only invest in paid ads, what you're willing to lose at the time.

[969:55] Jeremiah Krakowski: Because you can lose money, there is a risk to it. This isn't risk, risk free, organic, is risk free, but it's a lot slower. With paid ads, you scale, once it starts converting and actually producing results, you just repeat the play over and over again. And what we do is, every time we run a campaign, we just have to create new videos and change the dates on it, and then run new ads. And then that's it. It takes maybe an afternoon to run another campaign once you find a proven campaign. That's why I'm saying our clients that are making a figures only work in five to 10 hours a week, because we already identified a proven campaign. We already know what to say on the ads, it takes him like 10 minutes to do. The ads only take like 15 minutes to put up. You can hire somebody in the Philippines to put your ads up super simple on online jobs.ph. And then you just talk to people in your live event or you run the recordings of your event. Rick has actually been running sometimes recordings of something that he did separately, because he's off with his kids. So he recorded the messaging for a live event. If it's a free offer, if it's a free thing, he recorded it, but then he's off with his kids, because they so he came in at 9am recorded that in the morning, when he had time to got back home by 10. And he didn't work the rest of the day, my mom does the same thing. I do the same thing. So you can get to the point where you can systematize it, you can schedule this stuff, you can have systems do the work for you, you can schedule your social media content, once you make enough money. And the goal is much you're making six figures and multiple seven figures. You can hire people to do a lot of the monotonous stuff a lot of the technical stuff, you don't need to do it all yourself. To get to six figures doesn't take a lot of technical knowledge to get to seven figures. Okay, we need to add a few tech in there, right? It's a little more technical to get to seven. But you can get to six just with a basic Squarespace site, a PayPal or Stripe account, and some videos that you have on a Google Drive and a MailChimp account. Literally that's all you need to build a coaching business and Facebook groups. And you can build a multi six figure business once you grow from there. Okay, now I'm gonna hire a video editor person, maybe get some better cameras and equipment. See, I see a lot of people make the mistake of investing a whole lot into cameras and equipment, and branding and graphics and websites at the beginning. And it's the biggest waste of time. Because it doesn't produce more results. It doesn't. What produces results is testing offers. Making more offers to more people more often. When you start to make more offers to more people more often. You can make more money doing that. And that, my friends is the focus of a what we're going to talk about tomorrow, how you can make offers to people and then convert them to a sale. What are the words that you say that actually get people to buy from you? How do you have people in an event like this for three days or five days? Or a webinar with you? Or even a pre recorded masterclass? Or an ebook literally can make an ebook on a PDF you don't have to talk? And how do you then get people to buy from you? What are the words to say that's what I'm going to share with you tomorrow as we tie this all together is how do you actually get sales? Once you make offers and you find people how do you get them to give you money. Now that's also the focus of what I coach people on is I work with you to build your business to build your offers to get more clients. And so in the client growth accelerator, that's what we work on. This is the fast track to making six and seven figures in your coaching your course business. Even if you aren't techie don't have a following and don't even have your offer figured out yet. I am in there every single day working with people to build their offers to focus on their messaging their paid advertising their sales copy their niche, their their trainings, their their programs, and I'm and I'm giving advice and tweaking and Coaching and helping people where they're stuck with their, okay, I'm stuck because I'm dealing with this mentally or I got my kids or I'm dealing with this with my finances I'm they're coaching you holding your hand every step of the way, working with you to build your offers to build your funnels to write your copy to create your ads and scale your business to six and seven figures. So again, you can check that out over at Jeremiah krakowski.com. Forward slash accelerator,

[1048:02] Jeremiah Krakowski: I think this is an absolutely incredible opportunity for you to be able to get results in your business like we've helped our clients with, like I've helped again, it's watch this video with my mom here. I know that she is my mom. And like you say, well, your mom's supposed to say nice things about you. Her and I worked together I was the I was the interim CEO of her company while she was working five hours a week as the president building and scaling her business to eight figures. And I still write all of her sales copy now all of her email, and that's what I'm contracted in. To help her do that writing copy, to get more sales and get more clients and we scaled that business together, I got to learn in the trenches with her. I wasn't very confident at it, I was kind of a, I wouldn't say a punk teenager, but I was like, you know, growing up a little bit. And so it was it was a place for me to safely learn all of this. And to kind of get my feet wet and to test things out and to see what didn't work. And it produced a lot of results. And that's what I pass on to everybody who joins me in my coaching is being able to pass on those lessons that I've learned and then that's what I've taken and helped Rick Pino with to generate seven and X excited to remove almost eight figures. Because he is generated eight figures. I wrote almost there because two months ago when I made this page, it was almost and Joshua scaling a seven figure business, Joshua started with me as a coaching client, where we would just meet once a quarter talking about his offers. I talked to him today about this, by the way, he told me Jeremiah, I was not confident when I started and what I could do, I did not think that I could get people to buy from me. I understand marketing, but I've never done this stuff before. And he made seven figures following the system that I worked through with you in this as well as Don over $30,000 a month in sales. We helped Wesley and Stacy Campbell scale, a six figure coaching business right here. Steven Robbins, so he actually works with me, he builds funnels as well. But I've been coaching him as well on how to get more clients and grow his business, as well as all these other case studies that people that I've coached and worked with, to produce results. And so the question you got to ask yourself is, how long do you want to be doing this on your own? How long do you want to be trying to build a coaching business on your own? These five days have been incredible together. And I know that you got a lot of value about out of this, and you're gonna get even more tomorrow. But after this, what's next? What do you plan on going to do? Some of you nothing's going to change, others of you, you have a decision to make. And one of the things that separates successful people from those that aren't successful is being able to make decisions quickly. And to not second guess themselves and talk themselves out of what's actually going to produce results. And I know that there's some of you right now that this is the very best chance that you have a building your coaching business, you get all of my courses, irresistible offers that sell the virtual event playbook Tiktok ads, social media ads, easy course Creation Blueprint about how to create a course, transformational coaching made simple how to become a coach, if you don't know how to coach people how to become a world class coach, this is my coaching system, and how I learned to coach people all put into this course right here for you. Social media content creation, I give you over 10,000 of my own social media posts that you can use on your platform, website building Made Easy, and all the future courses that are coming out, plus the weekly coaching calls plus the hotsy ad rewrites plus the pop up trainings that I do weekly, upcoming courses, the private content vault, and the fast start bonuses when you register before midnight, on Tuesday, August 23. I know that some of you are going to register for this, we've already had a whole bunch of people, dozens of people already have registered for it this week. I've already gone through this training, they're already in the program. They're already experiencing results from it. They're already seeing exactly how this is going to fit together because they've made a decision that I'm not going to let my goals wait until next month, or next year. Now what's going to happen after Tuesday, August 23. Well, I'm going to close the doors to the program you're not going to be able to register. You'll be able to get on a waiting list for when and if I open them again i Do you plan on opening them again, but it's going to cost a lot more than just $166 a month. To do this,

[1122:01] Jeremiah Krakowski: this is 0% interest. So I'm not up charging it for you. It's $2,000 a year it is recurring per year. So each year, you're jumping in for a year and a year long term, or you're gonna pay it off over the course of 12 months. So it is a commitment for you to jump in and do that. But this is the lowest price plus the risk free money back guarantee. And the best chance I believe, for you to become a success as a coach and make six and seven figures. And so for those you, if you're on the fence about this, it's time to get off the fence as time to as one of my mentors, Danny Johnson said stop being penny smart, and dollar stupid, and trying to figure it out on your own. When there's a blueprint and a way for you to figure it out yourself. I want to help you, I'm making a commitment to be there. And I want to see you succeed, I succeed when you succeed. If I can create more six and seven figure coaches, my business grows, if you want to build a business and become successful, as a six or seven figure coach, this program is the best chance and the best opportunity and the best training program, the best ability for you to do that. So jump in there the link again, over my website, Jeremiah krakowski.com. I posted it in the chat, Jeremiah krakowski.com forward slash accelerator. I can't wait to work with those that are in there. Listen, even if you don't register for this, I do have something I want to tell you about as well. My podcast. So my podcast has over 177 episodes. I do these episodes every single week. If you say okay, I'm not ready for the accelerator at least go listen to the podcast. These lessons are for coaches and trainers on how to build their business from people that are actually doing it. I'm interviewing coaches and trainers and mentors every week that are producing results that are getting customers to show you what it takes. I interviewed Joshua right here to help you become a better coach or trainer, my YouTube channel as well I do nearly every day free videos on my YouTube channel. You can go check it out, type in grow your life with Jeremiah Krakowski over at YouTube. And go check out these videos I do. Every probably every other day a new video that walks you through a specific point of building your coaching business about branding, I got to finding your niche scaling to eight figures, serving your coaching clients. This one success comes from disappointing other people that was a controversial one, but valuable, why coaches fail financially, these are all free options for you that you can go through. And here's the thing, you're gonna learn so much from these options, you're gonna learn so much from these over on YouTube, over on my website, on the podcast, that I want you to make a ton of money with the free training. And then once you make enough money with that, jump into the accelerator or jump into my one on one coaching, okay, I believe in your success so much that that's why I put this stuff out there for free now, yes, like I said free content is for marketing. All my free stuff is marketing, I'm usually recommending that you either sign up for my coaching, or you're gonna see this, I'm gonna get annoying to some of you. If I get annoying with selling things too much, that's an area to look at personally inside of you. If you get annoyed by people who sell and mention what they're selling, you will have a very hard time selling people in your in your courses. And so ask yourself why you get annoyed by other people who are promoting things. In all of my free stuff. I'm going to mention some kind of a next step for you to register for or to sign up for because that's how I mark it and grow my business. And so for you to grow your business, you got to be promoting offers more, you got to be putting your stuff out there, you got to learn to no longer fear what other people think about you or be afraid to look bad to people because you're mentioning an offer. I had a lady the other day right me pissed off that I was sending too many emails about this training. I haven't seen her once comment on the whole training.

[1191:40] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, some people think that man, they're just marketing too much. There's a there's a process for that. There is a formula for how often you send out emails for how often you do that. And that's what I teach you in the client growth accelerator is the just the right amount for the people that actually want to work with you. They're not going to be annoyed by it, they're actually going to like it. A lot of my clients. I send emails out with promotions to people who've already bought from me for this one reason for them to generate a swipe file of all my emails. That's a trick right there. As a swipe file, I sign up for a ton of email lists and get a ton of marketing emails so that I have them with a whole bunch of sales copy from other experts that are out there for all of their offers that I can look at in my niche because I've signed up for them. And that's an that you can learn as well. Okay? So don't be afraid of what other people think about you. Don't be afraid of things going wrong. Don't be afraid of doing the wrong thing, making mistakes and failing. Like I said, you're gonna have to take a risk, you're gonna have to put yourself out there. Is it a risk to sign up for the client growth accelerator? Well, technically, it's not for 30 days, because I'm actually taking all the risk for you. There's no risk for you to jump in for the first 30 days and try this out. So again, if you're on the fence, just jump in. Don't even think about it. If you're like, hey, this isn't for me. You write me in a week. Great. I know no judgment. No, I'm not going to be mad at you. Nothing. You're not wasting my time. Jump into it, see what it's all about. And I can't wait to work with you. To help you grow your business. I know that this is going to help you. I can't wait to see you in there. All right. Now for the rest of you that are over at VIP in this. I'm about to go hop over into VIP. Who's ready for the VIP. We're gonna spend another hour together talking about what it's going to take to get you to the next level with your coaching business. I'll see all the VIPs over there in a little bit. Have a good one, everybody

