Day 1_ Build Your Own 6 Figure Coaching Business
Date: 2022-08-17T17:01:54.000Z
Duration: 66 min
Otter ID: Wzldwh5Al8cJuROzJkhiVBFHZIg
---

[52:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Hey, what's up everybody? Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. I am so excited today. Let's get the audio volume on this looks like the microphone volume just a little high. Get the audio adjusted here. Well welcome welcome. I am excited to be here with everybody. We're gonna get started here in right about one minute. Let me know where you're watching from. Let me know where you're logging in from. Also, I sent you an email with a YouTube link if you want to log in on YouTube. We'll be able to do that. All right, so we're gonna get started here and right about 40 seconds. Man, this is exciting. So many people have jumped on this. I'm excited. I hope you're excited. This is so cool. All right. What's up Ohio What's up BC? What's up? Kela? Tina, Caleb Amy Naples. Olivia. Elaine. Dana, what's up? This is live by the way, just so y'all know. All right.

[75:57] Jeremiah Krakowski: Perfect. There we go. My countdown timer is literally a video on YouTube that I just play at the beginning of each one of these events that I do and we're at it. How you guys do in. I'm excited to be here. I hope you're excited. To be here, the past week, we've been doing these pre trainings, some of you have gone through them don't feel like you're gonna miss anything, if you haven't gone through them. By the way, they're more just kind of to amp everybody up the people that want to get a little extra. So let me know again, where you're watching from. Let me know what you're hoping to get out of this. Post. I'm excited. In the chat post. I'm excited. I'm excited. I'm excited to be here. I'm excited to be here and work with you guys. I'm excited to help people grow their business, build a coaching business, to six figures, and even seven figures. Honestly, I believe that there's a number of you that are here today, you're going to take this, you're going to take what we're talking about this week. By the way, the recordings of this are only going to be up until Sunday, August 21. After that, there are not going to be any recordings. I'm thinking of possibly making a way for you guys to get those recordings. I'll let you know that later on. But as of right now, no recordings at all. But you can watch them, at least anytime between now and August 21. Okay. And so if you want to watch it during the day, here's the thing, it's meant to go through in order. And what I'm going to teach you is the entire game. If you want to build a coaching business, if you want to build a course business, if you're a mentor, if you're an author, if you're a speaker, if you're a trainer, if you're somebody that has people in mind, and you want to impact people, and you want to make a whole lot of money doing so because honestly, I don't know how to make a little bit of money. A lot of my clients, they try to make a little bit of money and then accidentally make a million dollars. That's kind of what happens when people get around me. They're like, okay, chugging along a little bit, and then boom, it shoots off. I'm gonna give you guys the blueprint. That's what today is the blueprint. How many are excited for the blueprint post blueprint? In the chat. You guys want the blueprint? You guys want the step by step of what it takes of what is built coaching businesses to six and seven figures like my client, Joshua, this past week. He did a promotion $80,000 in sales in three days. I'm so proud of him. He's absolutely incredible. Some of you saw me on that broadcast with him. By the way that was only with $3,000 in ad spend to a cold audience. He put it on a credit card immediately was able to pay it back and profit $77,000 Or like my client, Rick Pino. Joshua was right there. He just posted this. He said, Thank you, buddy. Look at that Joshua Giles in the chat. He's the one my client Rick Pino, I've been working with him since 2015. I gave him this blueprint that you guys are gonna get. When I was working with my mom, I'm gonna talk about that. Some of you know me through my mom. Some of you have never met me before. I'm gonna I'm gonna give you the 411 on how all this works. Okay. Rick, he just had a million dollar month with his coaching this past month, maybe just shy like 950,000 Incredible. Absolutely incredible. And he started right where you are today. Joshua started right where you are today. And so just a little bit about me. My name is Jeremiah Krakowski. For those of you that I haven't met. I'm excited to be here. I'm getting teary, teary eyed a little bit because I'm like, so passionate about seeing people succeed. That it chokes me up. And I dreamt of a day like today. Six years ago. Six years ago, I was working with my mom. We were building her business. Her and I co built her business. I was I was CEO alongside her as a leader in her company. We scaled that business over $20 million in coaching teaching people how to how to build businesses, how to use social media, how to do marketing. To this day, my mom still does coaching. She teaches on stocks now. And she has an eight figure income stream teaching stocks.

[156:26] Jeremiah Krakowski: And she didn't know anything about stocks two years ago. Isn't that interesting? Some of you are saying well, I'm not an expert in something. I don't know how to do something. How do I make Six figures doing this. Most of the people that I know, that are making six and seven figures, didn't know much about what they're teaching until just a few years before they did. And when it comes to coaching, it's more than just teaching. Again, we're gonna go into the blueprint on this. I like to combine what I do as a hybrid course. And coaching model. Here's what I say, courses are for teaching. Events like this are for teaching. Social media content is for marketing, not teaching. So misconception a lot of people think of, they actually think social media has to do with teaching, it's actually about marketing. Your courses are for teaching. But coaching is different. And here's what I found. You can make, you can make six figures with courses, it's a little bit harder, it's a little bit harder. If you can take what I'm teaching here, there it is, that's five days. And you could make six figures, just with a pre recorded course. That's it. Okay. But you're gonna make a lot more money as a coach. And that's why this is called Build Your Own six figure coaching business. Here's the reason why courses teach. Coaching is about empowering and raising up people and generating a result. Now, courses can generate a result but courses by themselves to be honest, I have a ton of them, you can go check them out over my website, I teach social media ads, tick tock ads, offers sales, landing pages, websites, how to make a coaching program, how to create courses, how to make social media content, a lot of you have gone through my courses before. But courses only help so far. Because what actually produces a result, type the word result in the chat, type in Word results in the chat. Coaching is about results. People are bought are buying results from you, when you're a coach, they're buying results. And that's what you are selling is results, you're not selling a process, you're not selling a system. There can be systems inside of your coaching, all of my courses are systems, all of my coaching clients get my courses, I charge $10,500 For three months of coaching. And if you want to coach with me, it costs 3500 bucks a month, you get two hours with me on Zoom. And we work together during that time and some of you are gonna take me up on that, which is awesome. And we're gonna be able to work together. And you're gonna have to be able to have me come in to your business to walk you through and hold your hand, one on one over zoom not with any other people. I love doing that. I also do high level consulting, that starts at 10,000 a month minimum. And it's usually a lot higher than that. If it's more than just the basic level consulting, it's usually around 15 to 20,000. And that's what we're doing in our business. People are paying me for results when they hire me for coaching for consulting. Unfortunately, people also are paying for results with courses but they very rarely get the results they want. Because they need the hand holding the support and the accountability that's missing, they need to be in a group of people. They need to they need to be able to accelerate themselves further. If somebody coaches with me one on one, they also get access to my group coaching which is awesome to supplement the one on one coaching. And that's how I built my coaching business and that's how my clients build their coaching businesses.

[232:33] Jeremiah Krakowski: My goal though, for you is to get you to where you're no longer doing one on one coaching where you're not doing it anymore. I'm probably not gonna be doing any one on one coaching past this year with anybody and here's why. one on one coaching isn't scalable. Okay, because you're trading dollars for hours. Like, like a job, like an employee What you need to be able to do is you need to be able to find the people who are looking for the results that only you can deliver. And work with them at scale. So that you only have to work five to 10 hours a week, how many of you want to make six figures only working five to 10 hours a week, so that you can do the things that you love to do so that you can spend time with your family so that you don't have to grind it out on social media, grind it out posting to Tik Tok and Instagram and spend hours upon hours upon hours doing that. That's what I'm going to show you during these five days. That's what I'm gonna show you during these five days, most of my clients that are making seven figures don't work more than 10 hours a week to do. So. They don't need to literally, if they work more than 10 hours a week, they're doing something wrong by this system, and even those that are making six figures to start, they don't need to work more than 10 hours a week, you can make eight figures working 10 hours a week. In fact, the more the more money you make, the less hours you got to work, which is actually pretty cool. Because you can systematize yourself. You can start to hire staff, you can start to create jobs, you can have people working for you that are doing a lot of this stuff. But in the beginning, you got to kind of do a lot of it by yourself. Right? Or you can hire people at online jobs.ph. It's a resource that's overseas, we can hire people in the Philippines, really talented people, I got a couple of people that work with me that are from online jobs.ph. And they are incredible. And they helped me build my business and they work with my clients and they help them build their businesses for like a couple 100 bucks a month. That's it. And so even when you get to six figures, you can have a team to do that. But for for those of you that are just getting started, right? You're saying okay, I want to get to that six figure level. That's what we're talking about. Jeremiah, you've been talking about the eight figures, I get that, I get that. But I just want to make six figures, I just want to make my first 500 or $1,000 a month in my business. You're in the right place. Okay. I'm excited to help you. Again, I'm going to share a little bit about my background. So I got into this industry 19 years ago, I call it an industry it's a it really is it's become an industry, the coaching, course, expert training, business training, business coaching niche 19 years ago, when I got a job working for a lady in in California, at the time, she's in Texas now. And her name was Danny Johnson, okay. And in fact, I actually helped create this program right here grooming the next generation for success. A lot of the marketing for it. In fact, a lot of the products that are at her website. I helped build this one, I helped create this one right here, they they're still selling the programs, they're now digital products. Now, these were back DVDs back in the day, okay. These were DVDs back in the day, and I was the one editing these DVDs and putting them together and putting together testimony videos and and let me see I worked I worked on a number that I worked on this program right here. They don't sell a lot of the stuff, same stuff that they sold back back when I worked for them. But that's how I got my start in the industry. That's how I got my start in the coaching course creation training niche. And I was working for another guy. Let me see his name is Tom challenge.

[304:48] Jeremiah Krakowski: Let me see. He's got his priority networker. I was helping him do funnels and offers and building out these funnels and these offers for his company and for his business. And I was working with him 19 years ago, at the same time working with Danny Johnson to help him get more clients get more customers, particularly in the network marketing and sales space. So like if you wanted to know how to sell more and an MLM business, which I don't do anything with MLMs myself at all. But if you wanted to know how to sell more in the MLM business, you would come to Danny. And then you would join Tom's team and we generated leads and we and we created customers out of thin air doing this and that's how I got my start in the industry 19 years ago And so I started by editing video, I had a dream to go to Hollywood, I had a dream to make movies. But I realized that if I made movies, I need a lot of money, takes a lot of money to go after a lot of the dreams that I had. And so I realized, okay, I need to learn about sales, and I needed to learn about marketing. And so I got involved in affiliate marketing, actually, in 2007, I made $750,000. By the time I was 19 years old. And just in affiliate marketing, running Facebook ads to auto insurance offers. And if you guys remember those video games, the mobsters and Mafia Wars and Farmville, remember those, okay? So I created a funnel that taught people how to use those games on Facebook. And I made $750,000 doing so in a year, and 19 years old. And then I lost everything I got, really into the club and party scene. Just I was a DJ, I spent all my money on DJ gear and parties. And unfortunately, alcohol took over my life. And let's just say I spent a couple of stints in jail because of alcohol. It was not pretty wasn't exciting. And I learned that the power of the words that we use, change our lives. And so in that season, I came out of it and I was like you know what? I'm not about this, I changed all my friends. I changed all the people I was hanging out with this was about 11 years ago, I was hanging out with all the all the drug dealers and the party years and the club scene and the DJs and the and all the people that were making it happen. I was basically recreating a rap music video in my life. And I completely changed my life. Stop doing that focused on health and fitness, I ended up losing 100 pounds, which is which is really cool. I ended up in the Beachbody Body Beast infomercial for my weight loss transformation, by weightlifting and doing that. And honestly my reason for doing that is I was just like I was very insecure about my weight. I didn't believe in myself, I had no self esteem, whatsoever. And so if I look a certain way, then girls liked me, right? That was my thinking. And my life was as I was in my 20s, early 20s That was literally dedicated on Okay, making money, meeting girls, and partying. So I went from working for Danny Johnson making all these personal development trainings, getting in the industry, then to affiliate marketing making all this money to nearly ruining my life, in the party scene for a minute literally lost everything I would say, my tax returns that year, the most I made was like 10 grand. I was living in a little apartment where I heard gunshots every single night outside my apartment window because I couldn't afford anything more than that. And I was living the dream quote unquote. But I was now we know I was actually living out unresolved trauma. And I was trying to find validation anyway that I could. And it just wasn't pretty. And in 2011 My mom's business started taking off.

[381:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And I had my fitness journey. I ended up losing all this weight. And my mom was like, hey, what if you come work for me and do all my marketing and become my marketing director. And we work together my mom Sandy Krakowski and I to build her business over $20 million together from 2011 to 2018 for seven years focused on that. And then it got to the point where it was like, Okay, I got a lot of dreams, Mom, I gotta go do something. And I started this business right here in 2018, the business that you're seeing now, so I had a lot of courses that I was doing with my mom, I was doing coaching with her making a ton of money in this industry, with coaching and courses and she's still doing that. And we're working together to this day I help her with a lot of her her marketing. We actually have a strategy meeting tomorrow on how to run a big massive global campaign to get some people into into her stocks and crypto trading program which is awesome. I'm excited about that. I'm super stoked about that. But here's what here's what happened over the last while it's been four years. Since I was working with my mom, I realized there's a lot I don't know, and a lot that I had to learn. And I become obsessed with customer acquisition, getting customers and clients, and particularly for coaches, course graders, trainers and mentors. And so Rick Pino was somebody that I had the privilege to work with. Side by side. We worked full time with Rick for couple years and helped build his business to seven and now eight figures and, and now I'm building my brand to that level to take exactly what I did with my mom with Rick, even when I was working with Danny Johnson. I was doing a lot of marketing stuff and a lot of that, and and my client Dawn, she's made over $30,000 a month and dozens of other clients, hundreds of other clients, dozens of clients that have made seven figures and eight figures, hundreds and even 1000s that have made six figures. Some of you have ever heard the name, Jen allwood. Jennifer allwood. So Jennifer allwood was actually a client of my mom and I. And that helped propel her to the level of success that she's having as well, which is incredible. And so all that to say, I've been in this space a long time. I've seen what works, I've seen what doesn't work. And I see a lot of the mistakes that people make. So I want to help you compress time. A lot of people think that Fast Money is no good money. And if you're a Christian like me, there's Bible verses that talk about how how money that comes with haste has punishment waiting them. Except that's misinterpreted. A lot of people misinterpreted to think that it's better to make money really slowly. And if you don't do what it takes to do it quickly, that you shouldn't do what it takes to do it quickly, or it will be bad. I actually was one of those that thought that I actually had this belief, where I thought that making money quickly was a bad thing. And I realized that actually, it is the complete opposite of good stewardship and wisdom to go slow at this. You don't want to defraud people, please don't if you're here to learn how to defraud people, I'm not going to show you how you don't want to manipulate people. Please don't. You don't want to do that. But what you want to do is you want to figure out how to accelerate the amount of time that it takes for you to go from idea to profit. A lot of our clients, they have an idea, and they're making a profit in less than 14 days, the system that I'm going to show you, during these five days, you will be able to take and some of you will, in the next 14 days. Take an idea that you have and make a six and possibly even a seven figure profit in less than 14 days. And this is the system that we do with most of our clients. We work on 14 day cycles almost all the time. We have 14 day cycles. And so what we're doing during these 14 day cycles is we're marketing.

[459:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: And then at the end of the 14 days marketing for the next 14 day cycle starts and they overlap. And while we're marketing, this 14 day cycle, we're developing the idea for the next 14 day cycle. So it's about a 28 day cycle. Let me let me draw it on the whiteboard here for you. Okay, so you have a 14 day cycle right here. And then you have another 14 day cycle. And this is 28 days. And so this is your marketing during this time for the first 14 day cycle for the next 14 days cycle. We're coming up with the idea for it while we're marketing the other one. And this is the model that generates eight figures. For those of you that are just getting started and want to make six figures. You might do one of these cycles maybe once or once a month or once every other month as a goal. But once you get systematized and you have a team, you can literally get to the point where you do for the 1414 and you and you go one after the other after the other after the other without stress, only working five to 10 hours a week, producing results where each cycle produces its own seven figure revenue stream. And they compound over time, on top of each other. Okay? Now here's the other thing, let me I gotta stand up here. I'm just diving right into it. Let's and I made a promise to you guys that I wouldn't waste your time. And I'm not going to. So what you need in your business to make six figures, you need what's called a value ladder. Okay, and the value ladder always starts with this at the bottom level is free stuff. Free stuff, okay. And if you're like, Well, I don't even know my niche. I'm not even ready for this. We're gonna get into that. Okay, we're gonna get into your niche. But a lot of the people here that came to this, remember, I had you fill out at the beginning? What is your biggest frustration? And what would you like to get out of these days, about 70% of everybody said, I want to get more clients and assist them to do so. The other 30% said, I want to find my niche and figure out what my coaching should be. So that's kind of how I'm going to split the focus on this. And everybody's going to get what they came for. Free Stuff is at the bottom level. This is how you meet people. This is your social media content. Again, free is always for marketing purposes. You never want to use free stuff to teach or coach somebody or you are literally doing them and yourself a disservice. Okay, you might be saying, well, Jeremiah, this is free right here. You have a devalues 1000 bucks. And trust me, this is marketing. The only reason I'm doing these five days is it's marketing. That's why That's it. I'm just gonna be straight up with you. It's marketing. That's it. And some people have a problem with that. And they think that that's unethical. And they think that that's wrong, and that's hurting people and that you're harming people that you're leading people astray. If you make marketing, you, you bait the hook for free. Stick with me for five days, I think you're going to understand how this works. The next level up, you charge between 27 and sometimes $47. Up to $297. Okay, now, here's the thing, you're not going to make a profit. At this level, you're not going to profit at this level at all.

[531:44] Jeremiah Krakowski: That might be news to a lot of you. This level is only only only only only intended to finance, the marketing. And you want to spend every single dollar that comes in at this level. You want to spend every dollar that comes in this level on marketing, and breakeven where your profit margins come in, is that the 1000 to $2,000 level and above. That's where your profit margins come in.

[545:32] Jeremiah Krakowski: We've lost about 7% of the viewers because I just said that. I can see the numbers here. That's okay. Those 7% of people were coming here to learn how to be cheap, and how to not actually make money and they had a preconceived idea of what it means to be successful. And they can't see themselves selling something at 1000 to $2,000. That's okay. Most people can't in the beginning. And that's what I'm going to address for the rest of our time here. Most people can't see themselves charging this much for something when they're just getting started. When they just learned something a month or two before And they think that they're helping people by charging 47 To 97 to 297 for it by making it cheap, and affordable, but cheap and affordable doesn't produce results. People have to make an investment to get results from you. I know of a lot of people who have paid me 47 and $97 for courses, and they have gotten very few results. The ones who have paid me 1000 to 2000, the ones that have paid my clients 1000 to 2000, because it stings a little bit, it costs a little bit, it's it's a, it's a mortgage payment for a month, it's half of a house payment for some people. But when you have to put some skin in the game, when people have to put skin in the game and actually make an investment. They value it more. Because where your treasure is, your heart is also I heard that quote, Rick actually got that from one of his mentors, Myron golden, I thought that was really cool. Where your treasure is your heart is when people make an investment of real money. They have passion behind making something happen, when it actually costs them something. Now somebody might say Jeremiah, I got I only got $47 to rub together, I upgraded to your VIP. And that's great. And that's gonna guarantee that you get the most out of this event. And that's awesome. And I love that and I'm excited to work with you guys. And, and that's why I turned $47 I want it to be affordable to people that $47 paid for the advertising that I did for this program for this training, I ran a bunch of ads on tick tock and Facebook and the $47, from an economic standpoint helped me pay for the advertising right away, already profitable. So now I don't even need you to buy anything from me, all I get to do is teach. It's awesome. It's like a win win for everybody. It's so cool. That's how that's how the economics work on that, where you're gonna make six and seven figures is that this level with 1000 to $2,000 Level products, okay. Now, why don't you charge 500. Here's the reason why the psychology and the amount of work that it takes the amount of effort that it takes to sell somebody a $500 product or coaching program is just as hard and takes just as much energy to sell them 1000 to $2,000 program. Now, once you go to 3000, it changes completely. I almost wouldn't even charge 3000 at all the psychology and people this is all economics right here. The psychology is once you charge 3000 They have to think about it more. And they're really very few people will invest that much money into something unless they are like the cream of the crop. And so it's not even economical to charge that much. The economics come in at 5000. And really honestly, that's even a waste of your money.

[615:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: To 25,000 Most of our clients are charging $10,012.5 thousand, up to 25,000 for their what we call high ticket programs. Now you don't need to do a whole lot of high ticket to make six figures as a coach. But I would recommend that you start with high ticket and for a lot of you. The easiest way to do high ticket is this is your one on one coaching level. Your one on one coaching level is at this point, people can't work with you one on one unless they pay you at least over $5,000 and I've proven this it is very easy to get people to pay you 5000 It is very easy to get them to pay your 10,000 it is just as easy to get them to pay you 25,000 for what you're doing. But how do you deliver that the value for that to people? How do you deliver enough value? How do you serve your clients? How do you deliver enough results to do that? How do you know if you're good enough to even do that? That's what we're going to talk about. That's what we're gonna talk about. To make six figures this level, these are really easy to sell the people $1,000 You can upgrade people from a free training to 1000 dollars. That's what Joshua did. He did a free training for three days. How did he sell $80,000? He sold 80 people, a $1,000.04 week or eight week coaching package. Okay. And he's delivering results to those people. But how did he get to that place? By what I'm gonna talk about right now? You have to start from a foundation of believing that you can get paid this much. And most people fail to make six figures coaching because of one thing. Can you Can any of you guys what that one thing is? Can any of you guess what that one thing is? In the comments?

[659:30] Jeremiah Krakowski: What is that one thing. Somebody says belief, confidence doubt, imposter syndrome, believing in yourself their belief system.

[664:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: No faith, they don't believe they're worth

[665:06] Jeremiah Krakowski: it. They don't think they're worth it. They're not making enough offers. It's two things. They're not promoting their business enough.

[672:31] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're not finding enough people that will join their programs. They're not putting themselves out there and making enough offers. And the reason why they're not making enough offers, almost always has to do with their belief systems. It has nothing to do with the lack of strategy. It has nothing to do with lack of process. It has nothing to do with lack of know how lack of knowledge. By the way, I see in the chat, I think some people are getting anxious that are not touching on making offers yet. We're gonna get to that over the next couple of days. Okay. That's why this is five days, we have five days together. And I'm going to give you the highest level value during these five days, this is going to be so simple for you. So easy, your life is going to become simplified by what I'm going to share with you. If you were making six figures, how would that affect your life? If you were just making an extra $5,000? How would that affect your life? One of the biggest reasons why people struggle to make more offers. As they don't believe that they're worth putting it out there. Not that they're not good enough. Not that they don't have a good enough content. Not that they don't have good enough training. It has to do with them believing in themselves. And there's a way that can increase your level of self belief. Visualization. I use this myself constantly. My clients who are making the most amount of money use this. Close your eyes and see yourself making six figures as a coach. Close your eyes and visualize what it would feel like if you were making six figures as a coach. Some of you can't do that. Some of you that's very hard to do. Some of you it's scary. Others of you it's very exciting. You're excited for for the possibility of what's coming and what's happening. For others, it makes you angry because you're not there yet. Let that motivate you But when you can really visualize yourself making six figures, I'm telling you some some of y'all are laughing at me right now thinking this is woowoo crap. This works. When you affirm and you speak it into existence, and you make declarations of I am a six figure income earner, I am a seven figure income earner. And then you start living your life as if that's your reality. Because you felt what it feels like, take an hour of your time and meditate on what you would do with six figures. Or go higher than that if you're already making six figures, what it would feel like for you to be a millionaire. I do this all the time. What would I do if I had billions of dollars? I get around people and talk with billionaires, how they think different, how they operate different, the cadence of how they look at the world, their habits. And so for you to start to make six figures, you have to start to see yourself as a six figure income earner today before it's your reality. A lot of people think that oh, isn't that just lying to yourself? Jeremiah? No, no. lying to yourself is that you can make it without doing this. You have to see it before it happens. You have to see your future and pull it into your present reality. And so if six figures or seven figures is in your future, you need to see yourself inside your mind's eye and experience it emotionally. At your core. What would you do differently? How would you talk differently?

[752:46] Jeremiah Krakowski: What behaviors would you do differently? How would you walk differently? How would you step in the room? How would you post on social media? What would you say to people? And why aren't you doing that right now today? Answer that for yourself. Why aren't you living your life like you would if you were making a million dollars today? Why aren't you living your life? Like you would if you were making six figures today, right now? We got to answer that question why inside of us. And it becomes uncomfortable and we sit with the uncomfortableness of it. And we sit with the the discomfort of what we're not doing that we know that we need to start doing. That's how change happens when we become tired enough. And it becomes painful for us to stay where we are. And it becomes too painful to not make a change. And one of the best fastest ways to do that for you that I know of that will snap you right into starting to build your business like a six figure income earner. See, here's the thing, I'm going to give you the formula, the step by steps, the high level stuff, but unless you're thinking like a six figure earner, you will not make a dime. Some of you might try to prove me wrong just to spite it, because that's your personality. Cool. But you'll learn the reality eventually, about this visualization. See, seeing the end before it starts is the key to success in this business, committing yourself to personal development, personal growth, committing yourself to self care, making boundaries and unshakable practice in your life. Those are requirements for you to make six and seven figures in this business, for you to prioritize what's important for you, for you to go after every single day with intention, not by accident. I see way too many people living their life by accident because they're afraid of what other people think about them. They're afraid of making mistakes. They're afraid of not being good enough. They're afraid of what might happen. If it fails. And they don't ever put anything out there. They got an idea for a coaching business. They sit through five days of a training like this. And then five years goes along and they're still trying to figure out their niche because fear is the Master and Commander of their life? How many you say that you're a person of excellence? Is everybody here? You want to know what excellence produces? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. You don't want to know what produces results is a level above excellence. And as Tony Robbins calls it, that level above excellence is called outstanding. You need to feel what it feels like to be an outstanding person, step into every single day, the emotional state that would get you there. And a lot of times, that means changing who the friends are, that you're hanging out with. When I was drinking, when I was partying, when I was pissing my life away, wasting my life. I had to disappoint some people in my life. I had to disappoint the drug addicts and the alcohol people and tell them I can't come out tonight. Because I'm building my business. I'm building my dream. And yet, some people are terrified to say no to things that are good in their life. And they're letting what other people tell them they should do control them. Instead of going after their dreams and desires and doing what they want. Don't use the word should in my life, I don't I use the word must. And want, I must do this today. Great. It gets done today, I want to do this today. Great. I'm gonna do it today. I should, should is based on regret. And we end up saying I should be doing that I should be doing that I

[831:12] Jeremiah Krakowski: should be doing that. And you got a long list of shoulds, five years down the road, and you haven't done any of them want to know why the brain on is, is incredible. God created our brain to be incredible. But there's this function called anticipation and potential. And it's very addictive. Did you know that when you get a gift on Christmas the potential of opening that gift is more exciting and sends more dopamine to the brain than actually opening it and seeing what it is. And as soon as you open it, you're deflated. You might be excited for a few minutes because you finally got it. And then you're deflated. Have you ever had this where you bought a course you went through a coaching program, you went through a training, you were so excited to come into this, how many of you said you were excited at the beginning of this training. And for for quite a few of you, I know the statistics on this, you're gonna go through all five days, or you won't come back because I pissed you off today for whatever reason. Which is okay. By the way, if I'm not for you, I'm not for everybody. I'm not, I'm for a very specific group of people that want to get really rich, coaching and training. I am not for everybody. And I know that and that's by design. And I literally have designed today to make that very clear to people. You'll go through a training like this, and you'll be so excited by the five days and we're gonna and what we're gonna talk about on day five, you do not want to miss day five. How it all comes together, how it all fits together, is going to radically change your life and your future. And it's gonna give you an action plan of what to do next. But you're gonna go through these five days, and quite a few people are going to be deflated at the end of it. And then do nothing with what they learned. And then go on another training and another training and they're gonna blame the coach and they're gonna blame the trainer that well they just didn't give me a strategy. If only I got the strategy, then I'd have it. If only they held my hand better than I'd have it. I see the comments from people all the time, all the time. At the end of the day, we have to take personal responsibility for where we're at in our life. You are where you are. By choice today. and you will only ever get to where you want to be by choice tomorrow, and the next day and the next day. And the next day after that. You can either choose to let this be one of those things that you sit on and it becomes nothing for you. Or you can choose to take action on what you learned. And that starts by visualizing being a six and seven figure income earner even if you think it's stupid. Even if you think it's silly, taking some time tonight, saying affirmations before bed I am a six figure income earner I am a seven figure income earner.

[894:16] Jeremiah Krakowski: I am a six figure income earner I am a seven figure income earner when you wake up in the morning, reminding you of this, I have all of the abundance that God is bringing into my life to accomplish everything that he has made me for. That statement will change your life. When you start saying that before bed when you start saying that when you wake up, I have all of the abundance in my life that God is given to me to steward to accomplish everything that he has called me for when you say that, the floodgates of wealth open up in your life, but you got to take action, you got to do something just thinking about it isn't gonna get you anywhere. Just thinking about it and feeling good and feeling happy isn't gonna get you anywhere. However, however, hear me out. Hear me out. Remember, I told you I didn't believe in myself for the longest time I lacked in self esteem. For years, I had a lot of childhood trauma and issues. And and I had to heal from a lot of that because I literally just I thought I was lower than dirt. Until a couple years ago, the church I grew up in taught me that the church I grew up in had a teaching called worm theology that taught us that we were worth less than the dirt on the ground. And that to have any level of self esteem is equal to murder in God's eyes. So I held on to that belief for years. And it's very sad. Because honestly, now I learned that God thinks I'm incredible. God thinks I'm amazing. God thinks I'm his favorite son. And he thinks that about you, too, that you're his favorite son and daughter, and that He has given you and he will not have just taken you this far to leave you this far. You will not have just come this far to only come this far. When you trust that you were born with a purpose, and that every good thing that you need to accomplish that person purpose that you will have not only that, and here's the next level, that every good thing that you need to accomplish the purpose that you were born for, that you already have. Today, not that you will have, but that you already possess it right now. When you start believing that everything changes, you start looking at your business different, you start operating differently, you start looking at how you talk to people differently. By the way, all of my clients that are making seven and eight figures, they live this in their life, they do. And this will accelerate you to make six figures faster than anything else. Your level of income is directly correlated to the level of self belief and self esteem that you have.

[947:00] Jeremiah Krakowski: Your level of income is directly correlated and directly related to the level of self belief and self esteem that you have. It's like a temperature gauge. When we turn the temperature up, if I turn the temperature up to 77 degrees, it gets hotter. If I turn it down to 72, even if it gets hot in here, it's going to come back down to 72. Our self belief is like a temperature gauge on our income and our life. Whatever we believe that we can earn, we will always limit ourselves at that level. Always, always, always, always always. And so I want to say this a you have permission to get super rich. You have permission to take care of yourself. You have permission to prior realize your goals, you have permission to create the business that you've always dreamed of. And to fulfill your destiny that you were born for. And yet many people are waiting for other people situations, the economy, the president to change, for things to come together, when really, the only person responsible for why you are where you are today and your income, is you. That's it. And when you can believe that, you can change it, and you can increase it, it's no longer dictated by somebody else. What you do every day isn't decided by what other people want you to do. You can start to reprioritize some of your priorities, you can start to change your schedule, you can start to say no to the good to say yes to the great to open yourself up to the possibility of building this thing. And that's what we're going to talk about, for the next four days. The exact formula, the action steps of what it takes. Most people struggle to find their niche, because of this that I've just talked about right now, because they're afraid of doing something wrong. They're afraid of making a mistake, they're afraid of saying the wrong thing, wasting time. This one's great, being a bad steward of what God has given them as an excuse, as if it's God's fault, that they're not doing anything. And calling it wisdom. That's called stupidity. Wisdom is you find a system that works, you take action, you find a mentor, a coach, somebody that can help get you there, somebody that you resonate with, and then follow the plan, and do the work. That's what's gonna get you that level. And I'm gonna give you that plan, that action plan that strategic step by step Action Plan, the next four days, I'm excited for this, unless, and I know there's going to be some people, they watch this, they're not going to come on for the next four days, because like, if he didn't talk about it in the first day, he ain't gonna talk about it. For the next four days, I've seen it all I've done way too many of these. Just you wait, just you wait. And for those of you that don't watch the next four days, it's your loss. Sorry. But I'm excited to work with those of you that are here that are committed. And that's why I'm gonna be focusing on for the next four days, we're not gonna be talking about any of the negative people that are, that are squawk boxing, and giving their negativity and trying to pull us down and take us out. You don't want to spend time with those people, you don't want to talk with those people, it's not worth it. It's not worth your energy to even pay them attention. They exist, you're always going to have negative people that exist in your life, no matter what happens, and they're always going to be disappointed that you're not doing what they think you should do. You can't let the fear of other people's opinions about you stop you from building your business. And you can't let the need for perfection. stop you from taking action. In the coaching and course business. There are no absolutes. There are absolutes when it comes to accounting and taxes. Absolutely. Right. But in everything else, when it comes to marketing, building your programs, there are no absolutes, there's a lot of people that are coming here, you have a technical background, you've been from accounting or programming and, and everything is black and white, I'm here to tell you that for you to even get to the first level to make six figures, you're going to have to operate in a different way of thinking, that is not black and white. Okay. I'm somebody that has been a black and white thinker my whole life, and I had to literally reprogram my brain to not be that way to be successful.

[1026:45] Jeremiah Krakowski: You can't be a black and white thinker. To have success in business. You have to be a pattern recognizer, somebody who can recognize patterns and moves quickly on the information they have, and make decisions quickly. And instead of sitting around, hoping that it's perfect, it's got all the perfect information. And, and being afraid of making mistakes. I see a lot of people who stall before they start because they're afraid of making mistakes. They're afraid of messing up and they think that everything has to be black and white, perfect within the 100% of my friends. You're not building a rocket ship. You're not building the car where people can crash and you're not building a house. So people's life and death is not on the line of perfection. Have you in your marketing to get clients and so I hope that set some of you free And then my system doesn't work for perfectionist, it just doesn't. But my system does work with people that can learn to go with the flow, learn new things are excited to help people are willing to try hard, uncomfortable stuff, are willing to do new things that they've never done before you can start to get results. All right. This has been a great first day together. I am so excited. I'm so excited for the next four days. For those of you who are in VIP, I'm about to hop over to the VIP right now. And I'm gonna take your questions live. For everybody else, I'm going to check back on some of your questions through the chat later on tonight or tomorrow. I might type you back a comment for those of you that want to get your questions answered tonight. Again, hopping into VIP, the VIP upgrade is right here. And I will be over there in just a few minutes. That's got to go to the

