Coaching - Lesson 2
Date: 2022-03-02T00:31:48.000Z
Duration: 20 min
Otter ID: ay323Xrvmb8j8lmPDumZnC6384o
---

[0:09] Jeremiah Krakowski: So what is coaching? And how does it differ from other types of transformational ways that we can work with people, whether it be courses, therapy, counseling, or consulting. The difference is that coaching a, you don't need to be licensed. And that's at the time of this recording. What most people don't realize is yes, you can get trained, you can get certified, but you don't have to be to be a therapist, you do have to be licensed to be a counselor, you usually have to be a

[8:50] Jeremiah Krakowski: consultant, you don't. But you need a specific lane of experience, and usually providing services. So you have a team that provides services. So it's not just you, it's a team type thing where you're doing the work with people and coaching a little bit along the way. So coaching, you can do by yourself, without needing to be certified, which has some pros and cons to it, I'll be honest, there's a lot of uncertified coaches that do a lot of damage to people and they don't help them. And they try to operate like a therapist essentially, practicing business without a license. And that's, that's not a good thing. It's not very healthy. And so as a coach, you have to realize there are some limitations as to what you can do what you're qualified to do, and what you're going to do to help people, you can help influence and get help people find the right actions for them to take. But oftentimes, as a coach, we're not giving advice. And I think that's one of the biggest things that separates us from, say, a counselor or a consultant. It's similar to a therapist because the therapist is more leading you to that, but you're not dealing with mental health or clinical issues. And so I tend to avoid anything clinically related, and recommend people that check out resources like better help calm for digital mental health help, this is a great resource that I've used, that I recommend to a number of people that that works, that you can work with a licensed therapist at a very low cost, and get that type of a help. If you want to give advice to people again, counseling, consulting, telling people what they should do, that's a little bit different than coaching as well. Now coaching, yes, sometimes, you will share experientially, what you would do in somebody else's shoes, but you're not saying they should do something, because at that point, you're you have responsibility now for what happens when they do it. So here's the difference. As a coach, you, your client is responsible to take the action, your client is responsible to discover what they should do. Next, you're helping lead them to the best possible thing, you're not doing research for them, you're helping guide them with tools and strategies to find the answers that they're looking for. And then leading somebody to a transformation that they desire. Now, here's one thing that you that you do want, and that'll make you it'll just make you a lot more money. In the long run, you're gonna want to niche down, you're gonna want to find a certain lane, or niche of problem that you can most help people with. Because what will happen is this by you helping so many people with that problem that you already have some experience in. Hopefully, if you don't, that's fine. But hopefully, you'll gain some skill set in, you're going to see common problems and common solutions. And then you're actually going to gain knowledge and experience about what can help people. And then that can turn into courses or consulting or other types of services that you can do. Because you're working with the same type of problem all the time. When you see the same type of problem all the time you gain experience in solving that problem, you become a specialist in that area. For me, I am a business coach, okay, not a relationship coach. I'm not a mental health therapist, I'm not a life coach, either, though, some of what I teach crosses a little bit over into the life coach category sometimes crosses a little bit over to the relationship category by sharing some of the strategies that I've learned, but it's all about for me, I want to help people make more money. And so here's the thing with you going through this with you going through any of my courses, my ultimate goal is for you not just to have an impact on people, well, I want you to have an impact, I also want you to make as much money as possible. And that's really is my goal with the stuff that I create the content that I create. My goal is to help connect people with what they're doing to maximize their revenue and profits. Okay. So that's a little bit different, as well as a business coach, than any other type of coaching. But there's methodologies to coaching that are the same. It's finding the strategic questions to ask people. When I create a course I'm a teacher, right? I'm teaching I'm sharing my thoughts. I'm sharing my ideas. I'm sharing my opinions when coaching You actually want to be talking way less than half the time.

[81:59] Jeremiah Krakowski: And so I want you to think about that. You want to actually hear feedback from those that you're coaching more than you're actually saying words yourself, especially in a one on one instance, and a group coaching atmosphere. And we're going to talk all about group coaching, one on one coaching, the differences, how you can be more powerful and effective in each of those areas, their pros and cons. In group coaching, yes, you'll probably be doing a little bit more talking than the group will, in one on one coaching, you want to listen a whole lot more, and you want to actually help the client come to the solution themselves. Okay. And so that, my friends, is what helps people get results. And that's what differentiates coaching from different types of services, different things. So a therapist is going to work through asking questions to help somebody find solutions for their mental health, for finding solutions to what's holding them back in those ways a life coach may crossover into some of those may offer some wisdom in some of those areas, I offer some wisdom when it deals with trauma, people pleasing, childhood trauma, people pleasing. Some of the reasons why people struggle to be motivated and have self discipline, because those are areas that I've grown in. And if and I can share my experience with somebody, but ultimately, I'm not qualified to do trauma therapy, trauma, counseling, and mental health counseling in that I can help maybe identify, hey, maybe you have an issue here that's related to past trauma, you might want to talk to a professional about this and help point people in the right direction. And that's really your goal as a coach. The other thing too, is, you want to make sure that you're not finding your self worth and satisfaction in your ability to lead people make them do what you want. And tell them what to do. And this is where I see some beginning coaches missed the mark just a little bit as they start to find their self worth and their ability to tell people what to do. And then they think that that makes them a good coach is because they've been able to tell people what to do. Anybody compare it opinions. Anybody can share opinions. It's a skill set to learn how to lead people how to ask the right questions, how to be patient, and listen, even if somebody sharing what you think is not the right answer, it might be the right thing for them. And sometimes you got to be quiet. Sometimes you don't share your opinions. And that's part of the process. And other times, you say the hard things, you say some things that might sting, you say some things that might upset and disappoint people. Because that's what they need to hear. And so learning the nuance and the balance, and discerning when to say those things. That's what makes an effective coach, and somebody that can speak in a way that influences people to make decisions to change their beliefs. Now, that's the next level. And that's where most people never get to as they struggle with that. They struggle with communicating in a way that leads people to make a decision to act differently at the end of the coaching call. And so you have to learn what motivates people, you have to learn what drives people what gets them to move, when they discover the right thing, because listen, information is great. But if you do nothing with it, it doesn't matter. If I'm sharing all this information with you and my courses, and you do nothing with it. I've ultimately failed as a coach and as a course creator. But that's not the case. Because you're going to take what you learn, and you're going to apply it and you're going to start to take steps to do that. And right there is one of the ways that I use even with coaching, as I encourage people and speak as if into their lives. Listen, you're gonna take this and apply it and see results. I don't know if they're going to but I'm speaking that into their life. Because I truly believe it because I truly believe that it's going to help affect them and help move them into a place that's going to positively change their life. Okay. So as a coach, you want to learn how to ask the right questions. Some of the greatest ways to grow as a coach is actually the study about leadership. There's some great books on leadership John Maxwell's 21 Laws of Leadership, Extreme Ownership by Jocko Willink, which is all about taking personal responsibility. That's going to help you learn how to lead people as well as leadership as a language. leading people isn't about commanding and barking orders at people by the way. It's about that it's about influencing them to make the decision for themselves to do the best thing for their life. And you being a catalyst to that way different than barking orders. And sometimes I think bad leadership training is why sometimes we have some not so effective coaches. Does barking orders help

[159:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: maybe to some people but for Most people, they don't want to be told what to do, they want to come to the decision for themselves. And by the way, if somebody comes to the decision themselves, and then you're able to validate that decision, and agree with it, and help decide that that's the plan and the path that they want to go down, it becomes more solidified with them. In their brain, it becomes more solidified, and it affects their actions afterwards. And so realize, when you're coaching somebody, your goal isn't to just tell them what to do. And they may get upset with that, by the way, when I've coached people, and I've not told them what to do. And I've helped them come to conclusion, they got upset, they got disappointed. They even tried to invalidate me and say, well, you're you're the coach, you should know what should I do. And I say, it's not how coaching works. It's not how this relationship works. Because if I tell you what to do all the time, then you're going to become co dependent on me for your success. You see, my job as a coach is not to become codependent, where somebody depends on me for their success. I want to help raise people up to the levels of success. So they can see without me and go far beyond needing to work with me. And so realize that as a coach, these are some ground level things. So things to commit to, as well. You don't want to find yourself, doing therapy for yourself, by projecting your issues and monologuing your issues to those that you're coaching. How does this work? This is interesting, a lot of beginning coaches end up doing this where they will find somebody that more of an introvert, that's a really good listener. And that asked good questions. And then the coach ends up being coached by the client, and the client feels on heard, because the coach is doing all the talking and sharing what they are going through and what they're dealing with. And so be aware, you have to be intentional, what's going on mentally, what's happening in the interactions that you're having with people to make sure that that doesn't happen to make sure that you don't project your own issues on the people realize that's one of the number one things to learn as a coach. You don't know everything. Okay. I'm sorry, if you feel like you do. I hope that maybe this hard truth hits you. And helps you realize that you don't know everything. Nobody does. And what you assume is a problem that somebody is dealing with, is often inaccurate. I'm going to say that again, what you as a coach, assume somebody is dealing with a problem in their life is often inaccurate. That's a big one. See, we may look at a problem that somebody is having say, oh, it's because this this, this, this, we're diagnosing it right now we're in the role of diagnosis. It's often inaccurate, without asking the right questions. So what I will often do is, I will make an assumption of what I think the problem is, but I'm never going to feel confident that I know the problem until the person tells me themselves, that that's the problem. And that, my friends, is what the best coaches do. They are able to pull out of the client, what the problems are because they create a safe space to share what the person has probably never shared with anybody else before. And so for you to become an effective coach, you learn how to ask those hard questions. You learn how to connect with another person to where they feel safe, to be vulnerable with you. And listen, you don't take advantage of that. You you, you promised to not take advantage of that at all. You allow this person to feel safe to where they're vulnerable with their problems, and they're willing to share something that maybe is embarrassing, that maybe they've never told anybody else. Here's the thing. A lot of beginning coaches end up having clients that lie to them. I dealt with this. I had a lot of clients that told me things that were untrue in the beginning, because I was projecting my own issues and the person didn't feel safe to actually share what they were dealing with. They only shared what they thought I wanted to hear. And so as a coach, a you can't allow that be sometimes you do have to call it out and see it could have to do with how you're communicating. Why does the person not think that it's a safe space to communicate?

[235:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: So another great book is crucial conversations and crucial accountability. Those are two great books about connecting communicating with people when the stakes are high, when there's high stress when there's high pressure to be more effective. to lead people. ultimately your goal is you want to become a master at persuasion and influence. And a big part of this is also what helps you grow your business. Because you're gonna be able to sell effectively. A great book that I love on this topic is never split the difference by Chris Voss. He's an FBI hostage negotiator that teaches you how to become a better salesperson, a better coach, a better parent, a better leader, by asking the right questions, instead of just getting people to say what they think you want to hear. They open up and share the truth. And they really speak what they mean, instead of just what is safe for them. And so again, a big part of this process as a coach, you're going to be challenged personally to grow as a person to break past people pleasing and worrying what people think about you and, and only ever saying the things that you think people want to hear and, and becoming more bold and courageous with how you communicate. And so part of the process of being a coach is committing to personal development, committing to growing personally, while you're helping others grow, committing to life long learning. And saying, I'm, I'm always going to improve myself, I'm always going to work on becoming a better coach. I'm always going to work on what I can learn to do better at this. There's another there's a couple of few other great books about coaching that are out there. That if you just want some reading, again, I'd recommend Steve Chandler has some great, great books on this topic. Okay, so the prosperous coach is here on Amazon Woopsie. The prosperous coach is right here on Amazon, Steve Chandler 37 ways to boost your coaching practice by Steve Chandler, how to get clients coaching questions again, these are all these are all this is Tony Stoltzfus, he's also really good. These are great books from experts in the coaching field. Any really anything that Steve Chandler's written is, like been mind blowing to me, like the amount of nuggets that I pull out of his books are incredible, especially this 37 ways to boost your coaching practice, and 17 lies the whole coach's back the truth that sets them free. It's a power packed book that will make you a better coach. So again, check some of these out, check out the audio books as well, the audio books is how I listened to them. Steve Chandler stuff is great, I love it, it's gonna make you a better coach in the long run. But you have to work out what's between your two years, if you're going to help coach other people to make the right decisions for themselves, okay? It's a process, you have to commit to the process. It's a whole lot more than just sharing your opinions. As a consultant, if you're a consultant, you're sharing opinions, you're doing a little bit of coaching, but then you may have somebody that's doing services. So that's where coaching is also different than consulting, you're not just telling somebody what to do, and then doing it for them. As another level of responsibility when it comes to that. Ultimately, as a coach, your responsibility is to do your very best to motivate and lead people and influence them to make the right decision. But at the end of the day, it's up to them to do the work. Now, if they didn't do the work, sometimes you have to put in some consequences, some accountability. One way that I do that now, is if I notice I'm on two coaching calls with somebody, they're dealing with the same issue. I say, Hey, listen, you're gonna have to do this, this and this, we already talked about, before we meet again, before you schedule another call, because I'm probably not going to help you beyond you doing that. And I found that to be an extremely effective way to get people to start to take action. A lot of times when people start coaching with you, they actually become addicted to the coaching process. It's part of it. It is they love it. Therapy is the same way counseling the same way. Somebody is finally listening to them, when he's finally telling them what they want to hear. So he's finally telling them what's what's going to help them. But you also have to make sure that people are taking action and as a coach, again, imagine a basketball or or a football coach. Somebody is not doing their job.

[313:14] Jeremiah Krakowski: They're not going to be effective. If they're not showing up every day to do their job. They're not going to, to stay on the team very long. And so there is a level of you holding people accountable, not as holding their hand to help them reach their goals. And that's where it takes courage. It takes courage to hold people accountable. It takes courage to say the things that people don't want to hear. It takes courage to not Always parrot our opinions and to shut our mouth. But it's part of the process and what's going to make you an effective coach. And so we're going to go deeper into some of the ways to do this in the upcoming lessons to help you become a better coach. I can't wait to dive into this with you and start to see you coaching people and ultimately making more revenue in your business. We'll talk soon everybody have a good one.

