Training coach financing
Date: 2022-06-29T14:57:25.000Z
Duration: 29 min
Otter ID: 3YBhgo_S7Ur7D21ToQ8ZJZDIzWE
---

[0:00] Speaker 0: And then our other guy Jeremiah's should be on here in just a second as well. So,

[1:27] Speaker 1: I'm gonna do this morning guys, as I'm gonna do a quick screen share with you. I will walk you through how to get an application into our system and submit for processing so we can fund your clients for your service. Let me go ahead and get logged and hopefully you guys have already been shared your username and password to our account management system.

[8:36] Speaker 0: Okay, I believe we have okay,

[9:44] Speaker 1: if you don't, for some reason, upon the completion of this call, I'll definitely get that over to you. And you'll hear me refer to it as our AMS that's just our you know, our account management system just so you know. Got it. Danny. Hey, Lindsay. Good morning. How are you? I'm just wondering where you were here. Usually I'm the late one for the zoom. If you guys have any questions while we're kind of going into this, please stop me and let me know I just kind of go through these several times a week and I just kind of go you know, fairly quickly so I do apologize and just please stop me if you should have anything that you have questions to.

[19:25] Speaker 2: Before she gets started. I'm gonna go ahead and introduce myself. My name is Lindsay I'm with Coach finance. I really want to talk to Rick a little bit. Before she gets started, I do want to let you know that I am going to be sending you an API link that is going to be customer facing. This link is basically for the customer to fill out this form first portion of the application. So it will help kind of speed up the process just a little bit so you don't have to get all their personal information. But you will still have to go in the back end and complete the remaining of the application which Andre is gonna go over here in just a moment. I will send that API over after the training along with other training materials and just like a recap of what she went over as well.

[29:25] Speaker 0: Lindsay Can you do me a favor? This is Rick by the way when it's good to see or hear you can you can you resend the login information just so that we can have it at the top of our inbox or whatever, so I'm looking for it here. I can't find it.

[33:29] Speaker 2: Oh, yeah, sure if she comes from my email Lindsey at coach financing.com Okay, perfect.

[34:33] Speaker 0: Yep. Okay.

[35:29] Speaker 1: Everyone can see the screen that I have shared this morning. Yep. Okay, perfect. So she's going to share with you if she hasn't already the API link so you can have your customers apply. Once they apply, it will automatically come here into our portal, this account management system. Over here to the left, there's a couple of different options I want to talk about before we go into an actual application. When the application gets dumped into our database, it automatically will appear here on your today tab. This is current business days tab. Again, over here to the left, you do have that today's search. You also have a last seven day and last 30 Day search and then you have a full search option over here to the left. Now our approvals are valid for 60 days understanding that we do have 100% guarantee. Well, I don't want to say guarantee approval. Let me kind of back up on that and I'll explain why. We do have a program that everyone is approved for our platform. It's just we will just put them in appropriate tier based on their credits. The only reason when I say let me kind of back up on that guaranteed approval, you could potentially see a decline for an applicant if they already have an existing loan with our company, and they're maxed out on their credit limit. So just kind of you know, keep that in mind if you see a decline and you're like oh wow, wait a minute. They told me everyone was approved here for our program. So you got real quick,

[58:18] Speaker 0: let me let me jump in. Just ask a quick question on that, though. I think with the Elevate program, we have been allotted, I think 10,000 per client, right. So if we, if we have a this current program that's about to go live, it's it's for the full 10,000 So if they get approved for that, you know, in a month from now, they can't sign up for our 15,000 and get approved Right.

[65:13] Speaker 1: Um, now Lindsey that to make sure I understand his question. When you say an elevate that would be through you and then a customer will come directly to us later is Oh, no, okay. Yeah.

[68:36] Speaker 2: We call your program Elevate, okay,

[69:11] Speaker 1: okay. So no, so if that customer has applied through elevate and they write you guys write a contract with us, and they use their entire line of credit all at once, then no, they would not be able to reapply later until they pay that balance down.

[73:52] Speaker 0: Is it a plea? Yeah, that makes sense. Is it essentially a line of credit per client?

[75:21] Speaker 1: No. Well what it is it's not it's not per se a line of credit. Let's just say customer takes out a loan for 10,000. They'd be down to eight, they got $2,000 available. Let me charge it today. It's not that type of line of credit. No, this is an installment agreement not at a revolving installment not revolving. So what would happen you write a loan for 10,000 customer pays it down to five they call you and a handful of months they're ready to go ahead and repurchase. You would do one of two things. We would either write them a second loan document so they would have two contracts two payments with us. Or we would wrap everything kind of refinance it, wrap everything into one loan, have them sign new that luno us give me a new loan documents I apologize. I'm gonna completely tongue tied, cancel the existing loan, and then go ahead and reinstate the new loan with the new services for the new dollar amount.

[88:56] Speaker 0: Yep, that makes perfect sense. And then this might be a question for down the line to just stop me if it is. Um, I know initially, we were approved for up to 10,000, which is great, and we're thankful for that. How long until we can come back around and ask for a higher limit.

[94:09] Speaker 1: We typically like to review portfolios after about nine to 12 months of history.

[95:32] Speaker 0: Okay, so within the next nine to 12 months, got it? Yep, sorry.

[96:44] Speaker 1: No worries. Okay. Any other questions before we move on? Now, ready? Good. Yep. Good. All right. So kind of going backwards. Again, our approvals are valid for 60 days. So if you have a customer that's applied today, maybe they're not ready to move forward with the program, they revisit you in 45 days are ready to move forward, you would just use a search option over here to the left to pull up that application using their social security number first or last name and work with that an initial loan application to move forward rather than putting in a new application and dinging their credit again, because this is a hard inquiry when we run their credit report. I will be sending you guys upon the completion of this phone car payment calculator. The payment calculator will allow you to quote the monthly payment to the client prior to spending the next five minutes or so with them completing our loan documents. Okay, got it. All right. And then just want to show you you'll probably never need to use it over here to the left. At the very bottom, there's a tab that says new application. You guys will be using coach's API but heaven forbid, just one day, you know, it's just you know, having some issues and you have a customer that you really want to get through to the system. You can manually put an application into our portal, just keying in the basic information that is requesting and all fields, you'll put again, you'll probably never need to utilize that application but at least need to show you that it's there. Got it.

[118:42] Speaker 0: Thank you. I do I do have another question I could think of off the top of my head so I was told that it's 12 months same as cash and then after it is not That's correct.

[121:39] Speaker 1: We do have a 12 months same as cash option which when I show you guys a contract, I'll explain to you how that works. Got it. Okay, okay. Could you loans are 20 year loans are probably 24 months. That's traditionally what everybody's written for. And then we do have that 12 months same as cash option. Okay, perfect. So I have created a test application just for us to work with today. This is how your today page will appear when you put an application into our system and we'll have the customer's social security number only displaying the last four digits. The clients full name, first and last name here, the application date and time your name will be listed as a dealer and the status will be approved. To go into the application. You just hit the Select tab and this will bring you into the physical application. What you're looking for here, right underneath the client social security number, you'll see an underwriter the credit limit that has been granted in the tier. When the initial application comes into our system. The tear is always going to be pre populated as a T five pre p r e, what that T five pre status means to you guys, it's pending my underwriters review for them to tag it with an appropriate tear within normal underwriting hours. That just takes a few moments less than five minutes. So if you hit Refresh maybe once or twice you'll notice that T five pre status will go away and you'll have a traditional tear outside of my underwriting hours, which is Monday through Friday 9am to 9pm Eastern Standard Time and Saturdays 10am to 6pm Eastern Standard Time. So within those time periods you will notice that te fi PRI status will go away and you'll have a traditional tear. Outside of those hours it will say a T five PRI you still have the ability to write loan documents 100% And then when my underwriting staff comes back in the office, they will tag it with an appropriate tier so you understand your payout. So this is where you always kind of pay attention to before you want to start writing your loan documents so you understand the amount that has been given over here to the left update data sales order items in your reference tabs. These are the three tabs in which you'll utilize and you need to complete to go ahead and send the completed loan documents to your client for signature. So going into the first tab and read update data. The API link that has been submitted to the customer for completion will already have the client's contact information, all of their personal information here and all of their employment information. The only thing I need for you guys to do is just verify with your client that they have inputted the information correctly. It's very important we have a valid email address because without a valid email address, our loan documents will never make it to your client.

[164:55] Speaker 0: Quick question on this part. So I'm assuming we have to have somebody like on the phone with them and just verifying all the information is that correct? Yeah.

[167:18] Speaker 1: So however, your sales presentation is done, whether it's zoom, whether it's phone, you will need to gather some information here shortly from your clients to basically fill in the blanks on my portal. Got it. Okay. Okay. And hopefully you guys are aware all of our accounts are auto drafted. So we are drafting the monthly payment directly from the customer's account that they will provide here upon them signing their loan documents. Got it. So how that's going to appear to your customer. This information will be blank on my portal. Again, this is just a test application. But this is the information that you need to obtain from your client to move forward. We will need the full name of their bank their full account number their full routing number and then letting us know through the drop down a say checking or a savings account and then dropping down to credit card information. We will need their credit or debit card number, their expiration date, month and year. There's a drop down feature for both of those the card brand letting us know is this American Express MasterCard, Visa discover and the card type are they authorizing their debit or their credit card. Their billing address and ZIP code is going to be pre populated and listed here so there's not anything you need to do there. The card issuer name will just need to know the name of the bank in which the card has been issued. The card holder name does need to be your client as we're unable to draw from a card that does not belong to the customer. And then we just need that CVV code for the back of the card. So how did it go ahead?

[190:24] Speaker 0: Going through? Is it going through an ACH draft or is

[191:38] Speaker 1: that was just about to explain the payment schedule correct. So how this is going to look for your customer for a payment method. We do collect offers payments prior to funding and how that is done. It will use their credit or debit card information that they did provide for that first monthly payment. And then there are 23 remaining payments will come directly out of their checking or savings account that they did list. The reason we do that is credit cards or debit cards clear instantly. We're an ACH clears like a cheque and that can take up to seven to 10 business days. So we do want to collect that first payment immediately. So we can go ahead and push this through for funding for your team. And then again the 23 remaining payments will audit will we occur directly from their checking or savings account that they did list here?

[203:36] Speaker 0: Got it. Okay.

[204:03] Jeremiah Krakowski: The last question Are we are we only doing 24 month or is there the 36 month term?

[205:47] Speaker 1: I believe if you choose no I got a look at your dealer agreement. 2424 months, you see 24 That is 24. Yeah, I know you probably see 36 here on my portal that's just for test purposes. But yeah, it is a 24 month loan. So dropping down the sale information. This is the last tidbit that you need to fill out on this screen your interest rate will automatically be populated in my system, your term will be 24 months should you decide to take a down payment from your client you'll list that dollar amount here. Keep in mind special financing is not responsible for that down payment. So that's a payment that your team will collect. The sales rep we will have specific representatives tacked to your company for proof signers and there'll be a list for you guys to select from there. And then you'll let us know the date of the first payment that the customer is authorizing. The goal is to take their first payment as they're signing their loan documents. So the day they sign we were hoping to take that first payment, but we will draft the first payment based on the date that you do instruct us to. Once you fill all those tabs out here you'll just hit Submit to save your information. Back over here to the left sales order items. This is where you will let us know the description of services that are being rendered and the price in which you're asking for financing. When you log into your portal since you guys are a new dealer, under your Select Item tab you will not have any drop down features. However as you start to type in your different description of services, the system will create a natural drop down for easy access for you. Quantity will always be one and then you'll just pop in the amount financed here. Hit submit you'll notice it comes up here to the top saving your data. You will notice there's a little trashcan there next to that so if you need to change the price point or the description of services, you can just pop it in the trash and do those. Go ahead and type that information again. Last field to complete the loan documents over here to the left is your reference tap. We do need to personal references per loan document. All I need here is first name last name and relationship status. I do not need the reference address you can disregard that field and then for the relationship status. There's a drop down feature for that, save that reference and then pop in your second reference

[244:50] Speaker 1: Okay, once that information has been completed, back over here to the left if you hit your loan documents tab and there we go. So if every of all the fields were completed properly, you'll receive this verbiage check email for DocuSign document for signature. At that point, you will know that that contract has successfully gone to your clients email for signature. If you do not receive this verbiage. My system will probably prompt you to visit one of these fields it's been left incomplete. Go ahead and complete that field hit your loan documents tab so you can receive this verbiage. So you can tell your customer to check their email. My system does save a carbon copy of every contract that's generated to the client over here to the left where it says View PDF documents. I'm just going to kind of show you guys a pretty a couple points here on the contract especially that 12 months same as cash option so you're kind of familiarize should your client have any questions? So this is just a carbon copy of the contract that's generated to your clients email, it will list here at the top left the the client as the buyer with their name and address your company as a seller of services will list a description of services that has been typed into my portal along with the amount of finance pricing they're dropping down a little further, you'll have their Truth in Lending Disclosure Statement that will list their APR, their total amount that the finance charge will cost them should they take the full term to pay us in full. The original amount of finance for a grand total of X. Dropping down a little further will list their payment schedule. You'll have an X number of monthly payments, your monthly payment is x and to begin on this date, and I apologize I think that's a little blurry. There we go. And we'll list that first payment date for them. Now it is the customer's responsibility to read initial and sign where appropriate on this contract before they can view our contract. When they get in their email. They do have to confirm their identity. We do pull a series of questions from the public records and credit report just so they confirm their identification. I've done it you've probably done it it's basic question did you used to live on the street? Did you used to own this type of car? General question so they can confirm they are who they say they are. Once they do that identification process and pass that then they'll be able to view our contract at the top of page two, it is there 12 months same as cash option. This is where the system is going to prompt for their first signature. This lets the client know while this is a 24 month loan, you do have a 12 months same as cash offer and they just need to sign stating that they understand the agreement and the terms for that 12 months same as cash offer so how that's gonna look to your client. Basically, they take a loan out today, this particular loan could cost them potentially almost $3,000 and finance charges. pay the fee pay us in full anytime within the first 12 months of signing the agreement you'll save 100% of that finance charge.

[292:21] Speaker 0: So do they get to they get to choose if they want 12 or 24 Just by

[293:37] Speaker 1: the term per the agreement will always be 24 months but they have a 12 months same as cash options should they should they want to pay some full within anytime within the first 12 months.

[297:04] Jeremiah Krakowski: Yeah they in 12 months they can get it refunded the finance charges what it looks like. Yeah,

[298:24] Speaker 1: so if they Yeah, so if taking this loan for example, and we use it, this is an $8,000 loan and this is 36 months of course, this loan potentially could cost them $10,000 should have taken the full term to pay us in full. If they pay us in full anytime within the first 12 months of signing the agreement. They would just pay us the eight. Got it. Okay. So they would sign here at the top of page two understanding that agreement that was signed at the bottom of page two authorizing the contract. Page three, four and five are just some of the additional disclosures and contract terms just the black and white of a contract the customer needs to read initial and sign at the bottom of Page five for that authorization. Page six is the authorization for us to draft their checking account that listing their banking information that they have already provided. They will sign at the bottom of page seven for this authorization. Page eight is the exact same language The only difference is this is for their debit or credit card that they did provide listing that credit card information here. They'll sign at the bottom of page nine for that authorization. And then lastly is their credit application with their references. They'll sign at the bottom certifying the information they did in fact give us as correct. So what will happen from here, your customer signs. Once your client signs it will then go to the approved signer within your company. Your Proof signer within your company will sign on page five, basically assigning this contract to special financing which allows me to go ahead and purchase this loan or where we should say move forward and purchase this loan. Once your authorized signer does sign that it will be emailed over to my team and we can start processing. So customer signs you sign we receive it we can start processing how that's going to look on the backend for your team. When we receive the contract. We do reach out to every single client we do a quick verbal verification. It's about a one to two minute phone call introducing us as the finance company and letting them know that we're the company that are that's going to be responsible for drafting the monthly payment for the terms of their agreement. Once that verbal verification has been completed, if the payment is due that day, we're going to drop the payment that day. If the payment is not due that day, my team will hold it until such time that payment is due and we'll drop it on that day and inform you later that the payment is cleared. We do set up a google verification spreadsheet that we'll share with your team and that will let you guys know the status of every deal that we have received and the where it stands in the process so we can get you to a funding state. So two different two different states it can be in it can either be in a pending state and pending could be pending verbal or pending that first payment. Once that first payment is cleared, we'll let you know on that spreadsheet that the payment has cleared successfully. And then we will give you a projected funding date for that client and we fund every Friday. So deals that are received after Tuesday or excuse me Thursday after are cut off from the previous week just 5pm eastern standard time until the next Thursday 5pm Eastern Standard Time. As long as verifications are done. Payments are ran those contracts will fund on the next Friday. Questions about anything at all?

[350:22] Speaker 0: Sounds good so far to me,

[350:47] Jeremiah Krakowski: is the what is the client? I guess maybe you might go into this in the moment. Do they have a portal where they can see their payment history and all that?

[353:18] Speaker 1: Um, no. So we do send monthly statements to the client a monthly billing statement. So as they get established, they will get a monthly billing statement from our team every month.

[356:28] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, and how do they make? Let's say they want to make larger payments to pay it off sooner. I'm

[358:00] Speaker 1: one of two ways they would either use a little coupon at the bottom of their monthly statement to send an extra payments. There's a little instruction for the client to do that. Or they can always give us a call. We can take it over the phone for them. Okay.

[362:35] Speaker 4: Go ahead with the eBay cover this later with the API but there's no way in the API to pass the payment information like ACH or

[364:48] Speaker 1: the card. No, unfortunately not the API is just for the initial credit application. This process is going to be a manual process. Any other questions?

[369:20] Speaker 0: Now Yeah, I think we're good.

[369:41] Speaker 1: Okay. Um, how quickly are you guys looking to start sending in applications?

[370:55] Speaker 0: This Friday? Okay,

[371:19] Speaker 1: perfect. So I will email over to you guys our payment calculator, along with our contact information and our business hours. So if you have any questions especially when you're doing your first couple applications, if you need any assistance, or anything if you run into any hurdles, you know, just give us a call. We'll be more than happy to assist you to have everything running smoothly. That verbal verification spreadsheet that I explained to you guys will not be set up and viewable to your team until we receive that first contract. Once we received that first completed contract, we will establish that verbal verification sheet share that with you and then going forward that is our means of communication between me and you so you understand the status of each contract. Receipt. Okay. All right. Any other questions?

[384:28] Speaker 0: I do have a question. Where are where are the people going to apply it? Do we get like a landing page with like a simple application form? How

[387:23] Speaker 2: does that work? That's the API that I'm gonna send you over here in just a moment. It's an API link and it's basically just filling out the first portion of that application. And then of course, you'll have to go in and fill out the rest which is the updated data part with their banking information, the references and the sales order item.

[392:32] Speaker 0: Are we able to customize that with maybe like our branding or colors or whatever

[394:11] Speaker 2: they piling I mean, you can put it behind like another landing page of yours if you can create one who's got it? You can embed it, I'm sure. I have no idea.

[397:59] Speaker 0: They we can we can take a look at it or whatever. Yeah, yeah. Kind of your wheelhouse I guess.

[400:23] Speaker 1: Okay, any other questions for us this morning? Yeah. That's it. Let me Let me confirm an email address. I have on file so I can send a follow up email to you guys with that information. Give me one moment.

[406:09] Speaker 1: Okay, so I have here Rick your last name@me.com Is that correct?

[408:21] Speaker 0: Rick pino@me.com That's That's good. It would be great to also add support at worship coach.co as well, to second. Sure support and what was the rest support at worship coach? W ORSHIPCO ach.co. Okay.

[417:09] Speaker 1: That is also the email address we have on file for all of the customer signed contracts to go to as well. Is that correct?

[419:48] Speaker 0: That's correct. Perfect. All right. All right. I'll

[420:34] Speaker 1: go ahead and get everything over to you guys. Again, once you guys get started on Friday, if you need any assistance, please don't

[422:25] Speaker 0: hesitate to ask. Okay, sounds good.

[423:13] Speaker 1: All right. Thank you guys. Have a great day.

[424:09] Speaker 0: Oh, guys, I was gonna ask real quick before we jump off, and we get a recording of this, please.

[425:29] Speaker 1: Oh goodness. No, I should have done that in the very beginning. I don't know if it saves it automatically. Um,

[427:05] Jeremiah Krakowski: I don't think there was a recording. No,

[427:37] Speaker 1: we did not.

[427:53] Jeremiah Krakowski: I remembered most of it. I'm pretty pretty good with that.

[429:14] Speaker 1: What I can do is, I do apologize, we would have had to do that in the very beginning. We do have a PDF DocuSign instruction sheet I can send over to you guys.

[432:24] Speaker 0: Yeah, anything we can get because I'm trying to minimize like training time for our peeps. You know,

[434:27] Speaker 4: can you just show me the three this the three buttons that yes, we'd have

[435:36] Speaker 2: to I also I also in the the emails that we're gonna send after a week after I get your API together and stuff. I'm also gonna have like a walkthrough PDF.

[438:34] Speaker 0: Perfect as well. Okay, so it's

[439:20] Speaker 4: it's just update data, references and loan documents correct spots

[440:27] Speaker 1: before so update data sales order items references once those three tabs have been completed, hit that loan document tab right there to generate the loan document to your client. Okay. Okay. And the DocuSign instructions is very, you know, clear cut has arrows tells you exactly where to go. Cool. So hopefully that'll help you guys as well. All right. I'll get everything to you here in the next 15 to 20 minutes.

[447:17] Speaker 2: Same here. Okay. Yep. All right.

[448:21] Speaker 1: Thank you. Have a good day. Bye Bye.

