Coaching - Lesson 7
Date: 2022-03-02T00:40:56.000Z
Duration: 20 min
Otter ID: UbvIa51J1AgbsTHmsUrT0kSMluU
---

[0:10] Jeremiah Krakowski: Alright, so how can you make more money as a coach, and really this is, I think why a lot of you also bought this course. And if you bought this as part of a bundle, that's why you're here. You want to make money as a coach, you want to have this be a profession, that's you're paid a professional wage in and not just a wage, but profits, a margin of profits, where you're making more than you have anything else. All right, here's the number one thing I'm going to tell you is that one on one, coaching is not a sustainable business model for you to make a lot of money and it's, it's, it's fun, it can be fun. I enjoy one on one coaching a lot. That one on one single interaction is really fun for me. But group coaching is also fun. And group coaching is only one that's sustainable, because you can leverage the relationship that you have, you have the relationship with multiple people, you're meeting with multiple people and able to coach them on the same issues. That's why target customer having the right offers that attract the right target customer are important. This is why I've niched down to coaches and course creators. It's what I've been doing for the last 19 years, it's been saying 18 years actually been 19 years 2003. I'm recording this in 2022. So that's that's 19 years, I've been in this industry, right here with coaches, with course creators, trainers, author speakers, helping them get more customers. And so with that, having groups of people that you invite in with your marketing, again, irresistible offers itself social media ads that work, or even learning some new methodologies to use on tick tock, as of this recording, that are really starting to pay off, which is awesome. Those are what is sustainable for you to grow a business, okay, you can scale a business by doing that. But you have to charge money for it. And so as you become a better coach, right, we talked about that. We talked about how to connect with people how to communicate with them how to be a great coach, the other thing to do is is this is listen, you have to have a level of confidence. The only way that you're going to make money as a coach is to believe in yourself, you're not going to make money as a coach, not believing in yourself, not believing that you can do it, you just won't. People won't want to work with you. They won't respect you. They won't respect anything that you have to say. Because they will read right through the insecurity. And so that's why, again, commitment to personal development, maybe doing some therapy, maybe working through some of those issues that you have, it'll make you a better coach, and there's an ROI on it. The ROI is incredible. Because you'll have the confidence to come forward to work, you're not worried what they think about you whether they do with what you say, when you're coaching people, you want them to be happy with the coaching relationship. Your job is not to force and make people do what you say. It's just not. And you can't become emotionally attached to them performing how you want, are you doing it and achieving some kind of end result with them. Now, yes, case studies are important. You got to deliver results. But you're not going to deliver results to everybody. Because you're not going to hold a gun to anybody's head to make them actually do what they need to do. It's up to them, ultimately, and you're going to have outliers of people on one end of the spectrum or another that don't do what you say. And so keep that in mind. Keep in mind, those outliers. Keep in mind, that you being a confident person you showing up as a confident person is what is going to get people to ultimately do what you say when you show up as an authority figure and you command them to do something. It starts with trust people trust those that are confident and believe in what they're delivering. See, this is all about trust. As a coach, you have to develop trust with people. If you're listening to me right now, as a course creator, even you trust that what I'm saying comes from experience comes from what works comes from what has worked, and that will work for you as well. And so in that you have to have that same level of trust with the people that you're reaching with the people that you're coaching with the people that you're connecting with, for them to give you any kind of money. Okay, now we break this down. Again, the way of the wolf by Jordan Belfort is an incredible sales book. It's going to help you talk about sales and persuasion and How to sell effectively to people, right. And I mentioned these other different books and stuff. But ultimately, the best way to make money as a coach is to market and promote yourself for the result that you deliver. See what you're selling is the end result where somebody gets to, at the end, what is the result that you deliver? What is the result that they desire. And that's your niche that you build your coaching program around. Okay, irresistible offers that sell again, that course breaks down how to build offers, and how to identify your niche and how to identify your target customer. For me when I started, and here's the thing, as a coach, you're going to ebb and flow, you're gonna have different kinds of coaching that you do, you're gonna, you're gonna evolve over time. So realize that evolution is part of it, I see a huge mistake that a lot of coaches and course creators make is that instead of evolution, they hold on to their message. And then as they evolve, they never release it out to the world, because they're afraid of dying, and the kind of impact that they want to have by not releasing what's inside of them, because of the evolution. And that is the worst thing that they can do. That's why imperfect action is so important. Putting your stuff out there, showing up and putting your stuff out there publicly, putting it on the internet, running ad campaigns, getting people seeing if there's an interest, testing things out, and iterating are so important just to see if anybody wants what you're delivering. And so like in the beginning, for me, I was I was helping anybody, I can help you make a million dollars on the internet, boom. And so I had people far and wide, different industries. And you know, what was interesting is I had trouble selling to people that were not coaches, or course creators, maybe a few network marketers, because I've dealt in that industry as well. But I realized the ones that are coming to me, they want to know how to use advertising, to build a coaching or course business. And so that became my niche, we're niching down even more into a specific type of coach, the ones that we work with a lot are, they deal with either spiritual transformation, physical body, health, wealth, relationships, confidence, helping people become their most powerful self, right. And so that's what the most of the coaches that we work with are, that's probably the type of coaching that you're gonna end up doing, having learned from me, because that's the type of coaching that I do, ultimately, but in the form of helping people make money as a coach or course creator. And so whatever that is for you. The way that you make money is you present yourself, you promote offers in the market to people that have the problem that you solve, by leading with the total end result that they'll get. And that's why case studies are so important. You lead with the end result that the client is going to get in your marketing with your copy with your offers, again, irresistible offers itself goes in depth about this, okay? And so I'm not going to like teach you the whole eight hours of that course right here. Because it's, it's better if you go through that one to build your offer, make decisions as to what you're going to do. And we'll talk about that the different structures of coaching programs, and things like that. And so we're, that's how you make money you make offers to people for your program. One of the best offers that's working for coaching and courses is three day intensive three day workshops, three day challenges, you know, this that I'm doing a lot of those, I teach you how to set those up in irresistible offers itself, because you're able to meet people build trust with them answer questions, and iterate your marketing at each event based off of the data that you get. And so it's a great opportunity for you to sell to people your program. Now, how do you package your program in a way that makes money, okay? One on one, coaching is a great thing, I believe for people that are just getting started. Because you're, you're gonna go from doing free coaching if you've never coached anybody before, to one on one, individual. group coaching has its own challenges that are separate from it, I find one on one coaching to be easier, at least for me in the beginning, then group coaching and now I've developed the skill set of group coaching. And online events are a great way to do that in a free atmosphere because people aren't paying for it. So I do some free group events to market my paid programs, courses and coaching.

[157:27] Jeremiah Krakowski: Okay, so one on one coaching. When you get good at working with people in a free environment, start charging and you don't want to charge any less than no less than $200 an hour. Minimum, people will not respect you, if you charge less than that. And truthfully, some of you need to be charging 400 to 600 an hour. Okay, I've been at right around the range of four to 500 an hour for the last year and a half and, and that's worked really well for the type of clients that I do one on one coaching with that will go up in the future. And And here's one thing that I would say, if I did it all over again, don't let people schedule single sessions with you. Make sure that they buy a package of coaching, here's why the people that are going to buy one hour with you are not going to do what you say, or help them with, they just want to get some questions answered. And it's honestly a waste of time for you and them. You want to find people that are willing to commit with you, for long term, eight to 12, even more hours than that, and break it down into a program, you know, an eight part could be a two to four month program. I like 12, because you could do a three or six months out of a 1212 week, and 12 is a great number. If you're meeting with someone for 12 sessions, you can do a lot to help them and transform their life and sell that as a package. So that's what I do for one on one coaching. Now we built multiple group coaching programs in the beginning for group coaching, I would do something that's low cost 47 to $97. If it's not related to making money, you might want to try 27 to $47. But I wouldn't go any cheaper than $27 a month and here's why people will pay the value that you ask them to no matter what it is. Your level of belief is the only thing that changes how much they pay you. And you might say, Well, my industry is different. No, it's not. Because I've worked with a number of different industries. I'm gonna I'm gonna get real here, I worked with a lot of spiritual, religious audiences, Christian audiences, where the claim is they don't have money. And it has always ever been the mindset of the person running the program, determined how little or how much the person pays. Because we've sold more of expensive $1,000 or $300 programs, than we have $10.17 and $27 programs. They will be better if you make people commit for a whole year, had them commit $1,000 For a whole year with you. I mean, that's a deal to people, that's not expensive. It's not. And they could do a commitment of a monthly payment of 150 a month or all up front $1,000. And they get to work with you for a whole year straight at that rate. That's what I would do. That's what I that's what I I'm setting up right now in my own business. For some of you, you're gonna see me launch a group program with that type of pricing. Maybe do a six month instead of a whole year, cut it in half 500 bucks for six months. 400 for six months, something like that something around there. But make people commit. And don't think that that's too much for people. Listen, people spend that much without even thinking about it. Most people spend $100, every week at the pump on gasoline. I want you to think about that. Most of the people that you're marketing to frequently spend a few $100 on gasoline a month, you bring them an opportunity to better their life is worth so much more than gas that they're putting in the tank of their car. And I want you to start to see it that way. You're worth so much more than there their coffee habit seriously? Absolutely. You have to start believing that. And that's where I think, again, a lot of people we got these money beliefs that we're dealing with and money blocks that block us from being successful blocked us from charging. We even think I don't want to overcharge people. It's a fair rate to charge them. You got to break that out of your head. You got to get that out of your mindset for you to be profitable for you to be an effective coach.

[237:08] Jeremiah Krakowski: And you have to work on what are your beliefs about what you're worth and people paying your money. This is one of the biggest areas I want you to sit back and I want you to imagine I put people through this exercise in my free event all the time. But but I do it daily, like daily myself. So that's why like, we're going to do it right here. Okay, I do this every day. And this is what helps me with my confidence and belief on money. Roll your shoulders back and imagine that you're making 10 times the amount of money that you are right now. Okay? For me, that's a significant multiple millions of dollars. And it's like, how would I talk? How would I react? How would I respond? How would I share my knowledge with people differently? Start acting that way now and start asking for that same amount of money. Now, instead of waiting for that to become your future, some of you that stretching for you, how would you act if you were making twice what you were some of you can't imagine making more than twice what you are right now. So you got to start to believe that you got to start stop feeling guilty about making money, you got to stop feeling guilty about asking for the sale, you can't feel guilty about getting people to give you their cash, to help improve their life. You're presenting an opportunity to people to make their life better. You got to do that with confidence. And know that this is the best place that people can invest in with confidence. You know, I want you to think about this. Why would you want to have a brain surgeon working on you that says, you know, well, I might not be the best brain surgeon might not be that good. But you know what, I'll get the job done. No, you want the guy that says, Listen, I'm the best one there is, you're in the best hands in the world, you're gonna wake up and be smarter than you were when you came here. Literally, that's what you want. And that's what people that you coach want as well. That's what I tell people that I believe my training is the best training, I truly do believe it is on the topics that I train on. And our refund rate is so low because of that. And the results in the case studies that we get with people, it's like less than point 2%, which is unheard of, in this industry, which is incredible. That's the reputation that I have. And so you want people to see the value in you. But it starts with you believing that you have that value. And maybe you've never been taught that maybe you've never been told them if you've never experienced that before. It's time to start now. Alright, so I'm going to leave you with that because I know that that was a little heavy. Another exercise that I'd love to encourage you to do to help you before you go to bed. And when you wake up in the morning affirmations. I am abundant I am a millionaire. Now, sure, you might not be a millionaire right now, your bit, your bank account might not reflect that. I am $100 million earner. That's not a reality of my life right now. But I declare that when I go to bed. And I say that when I wake up in the morning, and it starts to get into my head. I have access to all the abundance that I need to accomplish everything that God's created me to do. I say that one all the time. I have all of the resources that I need to fulfill the destiny that God made me for my friends. Start saying that and watch your life change. Start saying that when you go to bed, start believing it when it gets into your core. And when you wake up, by the way, if you want to know the science, but there's science behind before bed and in the morning, because your brain is more susceptible to influence and and and so that's a good thing when you're having positive affirmations for you because you want to start to believe those things. Now, you're not going to show up at the top of the rooftop and say I make $100 million. When it's not true. That's called fraud, right? I can try to get a loan based off of that or anything like that. You're not gonna tell anybody else but it's for you to start believing that and start acting as if in your life. When you show up to sell to a client, you start acting as if in that way and watch everything changed for you. Alright, so we're gonna go into a few more lessons here about coaching about some of the different business models here next. But start doing this, start applying that in your life. We'll talk soon everybody see in the next lesson.

